- Master VOR Navigation in Minutes! In-Flight Tutorial | IFR Pilot & Aviation Training #flighttraining: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to use a v it might seem confusing at first especially for new IFR Pilots but I'm going to make it as simple as possible by showing you some examples in the actual aircraft I'll give you some tips that I learned over the past 15 years of flying IFR so let's go I'm Evan and I've been flying airplanes since I was 14 years old being a commercial pilot in the Rocky Mountains is incredible and has led me on some very wild adventures my mission to share with you my love for Aviation the outdoors and all the things I've learned along the way in hopes of inspiring the next generation of adventurers and Adventure seeking Pilots if you're new to the channel then cheers don't forget to like And subscribe and as always welcome aboard good afternoon everybody in this video I'm going to show you how to use a v i recently made a YouTube short on this and everybody seemed to love it so I'm going to keep it super simple this will obviously be the longer video form but let's Dive Right right in so this is our CDI but first let's tune in a V so we're going to use PE River V here 117 dimal 2 so we've got that in our nav and now let's say we want to fly to the VR so what we want to do is we want to use our CDI and we want to have a two flag we want to rotate the CDI until we have a two flag and until the um CDI is centered and all we have to do now is turn to a heading of 3 to 6° and maintain that CDI in the center and that will fly us right to the V once we cross the V this will switch to a from flag and we'll be flying outbound on the 326° radial from the VR now let's say we want to fly outbound or away from the VR in say this direction then all we have to do is turn our CDI until we have a from flag and it is centered so now if we want to fly away from the VR we can uh turn to a heading of 148° maintain the CDI in the center and we'll be flying outbound on the 148° radial if we want to intercept a radial let's say want to fly up on on the 1 180° radial from the VR so we have a from flag and we've selected 1 180° on our CDI all we have to do now is maintain this course heading of 232° till this CDI comes in centers and then we turn to that heading of 1 180° and then we'll be flying outbound on the 1 180 degree radial from the V so the best way to get good at this is honestly just practice it just practice if you're flying VFR tune in vs all over the place and kind of have some fun with it see if you can locate um and and accurately figure out you know where you are using vs you can use triangulation use two vs at the same time and figure out where you are on the map and another great tool is obviously there are lots of VR simulators out there you can get on your iPad or your computer but also Microsoft flight simulator I can't tell you enough how useful that was for me when I was doing my IFR training because it is actually quite accurate to the real world so it is a good idea to get something like that and just practice flying vs um nowadays it's kind of uncommon to be using a VR but it is great practice and it is still required to know how to fly them but that is how you do it and just to sum all this up let's just see where we're at here if we were to go let's say on the oh here we go so right now we are crossing over the 162 degree radial outbound if we want to fly to that V we can just Center it again with the two flag and we have to turn to a heading of 3 43° and fly that track to the V so there you have it everybody um you have any other comments or recommendations for maybe other Pilots or um other things that maybe I could uh learn from then I highly recommend put them in the comments down below but uh happy and safe lying everybody and don't forget to like And subscribe see you [Music] everybody

  Top Comments:
  1. @SimonGG-x2j [3 likes]: I clicked on this thinking that it was a VTOL vr video, even though it wasn't what i thought i still love this video
  2. @howtimflies204 [2 likes]: Nice video. I’ll recommend it to my buddies going from 6-pack to HSI.
  3. @Pruebasar [2 likes]: How to use a VOR:

“ Just practice “
  4. @SunilMotawani [1 likes]: Sunilkmotwani
  5. @richardgreen7811 [1 likes]: The only argument I ever won from my Flight Examiner for a Private Pilot License in El Paso, TX (the infamous Larry Bartlett, whom I loved) was ... I proposed that the Onmi Head depicts "nothing" to do with the airplane.  I argued that the only thing "the needle" illustrates is the location of the radial, not the plane.  What followed was actually comical.  Larry, a moderately sized man but a giant in terms of experience and practical flying knowledge, stopped in mid-thought while we were flying.  After we landed, I expected a run-down on why I had blown the flight exam (which Larry was famous for).  Instead, he grabbed my Log Book and signed me off.  Then, he sat for several minutes and drew diagrams of the Onmi Head and its physics.  He concluded my argument was valid ... not because I was smart (which I'm not) but because It's the way I related to the visual depiction of the instrument.  As long as it worked for me, and was technically correct, Larry let me cling to my assessment.  I will "never" forget this man who helped so many people achieve the thrill of flying and know they had earned it when "LARRY BARTLETT" signed their Log Book.  Postscript: If you were taking a Flight Exam for an Instrument or Commercial Rating from Larry ... it was wise for the uninitiated to pack a role of toilet paper for the test.
  6. @samaanalkhaldi2364 [1 likes]: Very helpful, thank you!
  7. @SunilMotawani: Sunilkmotwani Namaste tourism
  8. @smaraggi: Very clean explanation. Cheers.
  9. @RapkaVa: That's not very good guide.
  10. @prisousa2001: you are awesome !!!!! its the best and simple explanation I have ever watched ! T H A N K   Y O U !
  11. @MrJoefsa: Thank you!! 🙏🏻
  12. @jeffreysantos8728: Pretty sure there is nothing I could teach you lol. Love your videos, I can't fly anymore myself, thanks for helping me feel still connected to flying.
  13. @jeffnorwood-brown8407: Got it - thanks - perfectly explained.
  14. @larrymiller1426: Thanks
  15. @lighthunteralp: What a great intro and an amazing video!! I just have subscribed ❤
  16. @jorgeduran5309: Awesome video 👍🏼
  17. @ElSanto-1: Thx for tip
Doing this on a cross ct in VFR to practice
  18. @codeaviation5336: your introduction is inspiration !
  19. @NafizislamRishad-i2b: Nice
  20. @aintshin1alt: Cessna ###?

- Citation X Winglet Damage Assistance: Kind: captions Language: en hello my name is jerry ballman and i'm a member of cessna customer service engineering team structures if your citation 10 aircraft has winglets and one or both of the winglet assemblies are damaged there are some small but important differences in how these winglet issues are addressed versus a standard wing tip or other structural issue unlike most citations a citation 10 with winglets cannot be ferried without the winglets installed however other options would include firing the aircraft with the damaged winglet installed provided the damage is minor and only with engineering approval installing a new wing assembly or obtaining a rental winglet assembly from cessna to procure a new or rental winglet assembly please contact cessna service parts and programs at 316-517-6273 please note rental winglet assemblies shall not be modified or altered in any fashion winglet assembly removal and installation practices are listed in the winglet technology 750 maintenance manual supplement minor damage can be repaired using the winglet technology 750 structural repair manual supplement for more extensive damage beyond the srm supplement limitations please follow these simple steps to obtain structural assistance for your damaged winglet assembly if there is composite damage perform a coin tap test in accordance with model 750 structural repair manual chapter 51 7101 to determine if there is any delamination outline any delamination damage with a dry erase marker or grease pencil inspect the composite surface for fractures or gouges do not remove the paint layers on the winglet assembly unless instructed to do so by team structures please provide damaged measurements length width and depth take orientation intermediate and macro photographs of the winglet in damaged areas finally complete a structural dam's reporting form and send all gathered data to team structures the sdr can be obtained by logging into assessmentsupport.com with your username and password once you've registered or you can also obtain the sdr latest revision by contacting team structures although session structures cannot provide the actual ferry flight permit for the customer we may be able to provide a special flight recommendations memo on cessna letterhead upon request like this example the memo will give a brief description of the issue give any temporary repair instructions and provide any recommended ferry flight restrictions and limitations please note it is important to obtain engineering approval to ferry the aircraft with the damaged wing assembly from team structures prior to contacting the fizdo if you have any questions or concerns please contact team structures at 316-517-6061 or email to cssstructures cessna.com thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @obsoleteprofessor2034: Rental winglet? How embarrassing if the colors don't match.

- Takeoff Procedures, Citation Mustang: Kind: captions Language: en immediately prior to advancing the throttles for takeoff ensure the cast window is clear if the runway available is within a thousand feet of the required balance feed length we suggest a static takeoff procedure this involves holding the brakes while bringing the throttles to takeoff power then checking the indicated n1 is equal to the FADEC target of n1 prior to releasing the brakes in the case where we have more than a thousand feet above the required bounds feel length and in order to save the brakes and help the comfort of the occupants we may do a rolling takeoff where we apply power without falling the airplane on the brakes in this case to protect ourselves from the control issues due to the engine spooling up a symmetrically it is highly recommended to first spring the power up about half way ensuring both engines are advancing power and then selecting full takeoff power once again once takeoff power is selected check that the power produced equals the target n1 as calculated in the fey deck window next we ensure the airspeed is alive on the pilot's PFD and then of course cross-check it on the copilot's PFD during the takeoff roll ensure your hand remains on the throttles so the takeoff can be aborted swiftly if any abnormality occurs prior to v1 call out 70 knots and that v1 place both hands on the yoke and on passing V or rotate the aircraft attitude 210 degrees the rate of rotation should be positive but not overly sudden after reaching 10 degrees pitch attitude wait for a positive rate of climb on the V si once we have confirmed a positive rate of climb select the gear up and return your right hand to the yoke next confirm you have accelerated through 110 knots and retract the flaps if necessary once again returning your right hand to the yoke maintain your attention on the attitude indicator to maintain the 10 degree attitude as we accelerate in the climb also keep attention on the slip skid indicator to ensure the aircraft is coordinated the initial takeoff climb is a critical phase of flight as we progress from low speed low altitude to a safer phase of flight it is important during this phase to keep the workload and distraction low and our attention to aircraft attitude and directional control on reaching 700 feet AGL the aircraft should be at approximately 150 knots give or take 10 knots now we select flight level change on the mode control panel confirming it on the scoreboard and then turn on the autopilot also confirming on the scoreboard then bring the throttles back to the climb detent the result should have the autopilot flight control system flying the plane through the climb at an appropriate speed freeing you to manage the departure phase with more capacity so let's review from the point at which we set takeoff power until the autopilot is turned on first check the COS messages that are clear then set takeoff power check it and then make sure the airspeed is alive and cross-checked call out 70 knots then v1 rotate on a positive rate of climb on the vs I select gear up then through a hundred and ten knots select flaps up upon reaching seven hundred feet AGL select flight level change then autopilot and then bring the throttles back to the climb detent

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kaipeternicolas [1 likes]: You guys need a better video guy. This is horrific.
  2. @Rodgerball: Thank you Angel City Flyers!!
  3. @raccoonair: Well presented; clear and structural, thanks!  Please continue with more videos.
  4. @ABailz96: I would love if you could do some videos with the DA40 and particularly around using it for hour building ? I would absolutely love to come out to ACF and see the states but it's hard to find any content on youtube for the DA40 :) cheers!

- Inside The New Gulfstream G700!: Kind: captions Language: en alright guys we're going to the NBA 2019 conference in Las Vegas Gulfstream just announced the g700 so we're gonna check that out see if we can't go to the G 700 mock-up at Gulfstream and give you guys some updates and show you guys some highlights from the NBA a convention in Las Vegas 2019 stay tuned babe where we at today and b w/m be double-a in las vegas 2019 day three we're only here for the day but we're gonna see what we can check out today give you guys some footage might be a little montage what's going on here in Las Vegas in B double-a show you guys hopefully the new Gulfstream g700 some of the new Gulfstream technologies that's synthetic what they call the symmetry flight deck the Gulfstream debuted on the new 700 the same thing that's on the Jeep 550 600 I think the new Bombardier 6500 global will be here and some other cool stuff I see they got like a jet pack there's something going on thank you got a DJ pumping it up at 8:30 in the morning out here so long yeah give you guys a little tour of the show and hopefully show you some cool aircraft and some cool stuff check it out business what and they don't make them anymore so we ended up getting in to see the new Gulfstream g700 check this out 6:15 it includes a six point three cubic feet of refrigeration in here so that's about one cubic foot larger to look at also you can still do the fridge freezer if needed over on this side we've got our beverage maker so it's an e combination of coffee tea espresso that can be interchanged on the ground within 30 minutes so very much like the 500 600 ok side we have Galway snack so it includes the microwave in the oven it's a convection oven but you also have the capability for dual convection and steam tons of storage all around on this side before we kind of move on I wouldn't to show you just a peek into the or if you wanted a more traditional breast area there would be a bulkhead or a curtain and then you have some options for inside of there you do either one single seat across from an ottoman or you can do two single seats or they're even developing bunk beds [Music] to their this is the option of about the induction charging you forced that back a little close this actually all snaps together just for this yeah that's really cool typically well will do the 50 by 80 and you can do a 60 by 80 but a 60 a full queen-size bed actually comes across to the right we could do the inside of sort of just two people on how they will arrange the storage we can do a shower over here as well and to make that have some kind of take this whole right hand area and we cut and paste it over here okay and then this room for the shower over there a little closet after the shower that's amazing it's quite the windy day here at NB double-a we've seen the g700 the new Gulfstream the 500 600 and 650 we just walked through an Airbus acj we've got a couple of G fives and used aircraft here for sale by global jet capital and some of the other brokers pretty cool show so far so I hope you guys enjoyed some of the clips from our trip to MB double a 20-19 and like some of the footage we got from inside the new Gulf Stream of g700 some pretty amazing new technologies that are coming out especially as far as the cabin goes the new ultra galley and just some of the new modern amenities of that g700 cabin so take care guys I hope you enjoyed those clips sort of your full potential and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @zoicaras2992 [9 likes]: Damn what I would give to fly one of those for a rich guy.
  2. @rahullkumarr-u9b [8 likes]: Looks like I will be able to afford a G00007, do they make them?
  3. @thebabbler8867 [4 likes]: Best jet ever.
  4. @fernandezaceb.4874 [3 likes]: Bombardier Global 7500 is still the best private jet.....But Gulfstream G700 is good..
  5. @sheajoness [3 likes]: So badass!
  6. @mabrenz_n5391 [2 likes]: 2022 is far away to wait for 1, as l'm looking to buy 1 now . I'll have to go for 7500
  7. @StarciFanchery [2 likes]: Please help me clear my doubts, can a 6.2ft tall person like myself stand straight up on this G700?? I await your warm reply
  8. @MrChrisCube [1 likes]: Hes reaction when he gets into the ACJ is priceless...
  9. @ssamuelxie [1 likes]: I’m steal her, she can take a ride on my G700
  10. @dcrump [1 likes]: Bunk beds??? 😯wow
  11. @angelevstatiev8522: No korekt няма да поддържа Америка икономика сори
  12. @izazkhan2055: g700
  13. @izazkhan2055: Can you send us some details regarding this plane g700
  14. @d.k.1394: It is pretty
  15. @ForeignSMOHKSMOHK: Love it. I'm a fan of the G700. Beautiful aircraft.😍🙌
  16. @ErickStorm17: ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
  17. @trumpmypresident4721: Sorry.., but your visit on all the jets wasn't thorough enough.  AIRBUS  plane you didn't show enough.
  18. @mountainboy007: Are the seats lie-flat or just recliners?

- Gulfstream G700 vs Airbus A220: $75M vs $130M - Which Private Jet Wins? | Ultimate Comparison: Kind: captions Language: en One represents a dedicated executive aircraft. The other transforms a commercial airliner into a luxury penthouse in the clouds. The Gulfream G700 and the Airbus A220 showcase two entirely distinct philosophies of airborne luxury. In this video, we're examining range, interior space, advanced systems, and actual ownership costs. One of these aircraft offers capabilities the other cannot match, regardless of budget. Welcome to Alto Lux. Let's begin with what truly counts, the interior. At the end of the day, you're not purchasing engines or aerodynamics. You're investing in an environment, a private domain, a retreat at 45,000 ft. The Gulfream G700 provides an interior length of 56 ft and 9 in. Width 8 ft and 2 in, height 6 ft and 3 in. These dimensions might not appear groundbreaking until you experience it firsthand. This represents the tallest, widest, and longest interior Gulfream has ever produced. You can stand completely upright. You can move freely. You can genuinely forget you're aboard an aircraft. The G700 usually seats up to 19 passengers in its typical layout, though capacity increases if you're prepared to sacrifice some luxury space. But here's where it becomes fascinating. The A220 Executive Jet delivers interior dimensions that make the G7000 appear relatively compact. We're discussing an interior length reaching 99 ft. Width 11 ft and 2 in. Height 7 ft and 1 in. This isn't merely larger. It's dramatically larger. The A220 can accommodate between 18 and 70 passengers depending on your configuration preferences. You could design complete private suites within suite facilities. You could incorporate a boardroom that accommodates 12 people. You could establish a primary bedroom rivaling luxury hotels. Certain configurations feature full-size showers, not those confined airplane facilities. We're discussing rainfall showers with premium finishes. The G700 responds with something equally remarkable. Its distinctive Gulfream panoramic oval windows, 20 of them precisely. They're the most expansive windows in Executive Aviation, providing 30% additional natural light compared to earlier GFream models. The interior management system operates through touchscreen controls, offering complete command over lighting, climate, entertainment, and window shading. The Circadian lighting technology helps minimize jet lag by replicating natural light cycles. And that exceptionally quiet interior, Gulfream has perfected sound insulation to deliver one of the quietest private aviation experiences available. The A220 Executive Jet adopts a different philosophy toward luxury. Rather than perfecting existing standards, it reconceives what's achievable. You can incorporate a complete galley featuring convection ovens, wine refrigerators, and espresso systems. You can design lounges with full-size sofas and 65-in displays. The storage capacity is extraordinary. You're considering over 900 cubic feet of cargo volume. That's sufficient to transport your complete wardrobe, your team's belongings, sporting gear, and whatever else you envision. But here's the practical consideration. The G700's interior, despite smaller dimensions, is engineered for longhaul flight comfort. Every element serves a function. The seats are crafted for prolonged sitting. The arrangement maximizes privacy while preserving social areas. GFream understands their clients are spending 12, 14, even 16 hours in this interior. Everything demonstrates that expertise. Stay tuned until the conclusion to discover which aircraft has the surprising feature that even most aviation experts don't recognize. something that could fundamentally alter your choice. Flight deck. Now, let's examine the front of the aircraft, the flight deck. The Gulfream G700 features a symmetry flight deck, which represents Gulfream's most sophisticated cockpit technology. You're seeing 10 touchscreens, active control side sticks, and the most userfriendly avionics package in executive aviation. The predictive landing performance technology provides pilots realtime runway data. The enhanced flight vision technology combines infrared and synthetic vision capabilities. For pilots, this flight deck is exceptional. Everything is positioned optimally. Everything responds immediately. It's been created by people who actually operate aircraft and it's evident. The A220 Executive Jet alternatively comes equipped with a Pratt and Whitney Pure Power engines controlled through a sophisticated commercial-grade flight deck. The cockpit utilizes the Rockwell Collins Proline Fusion avionics package. It's proven technology. The same systems operating hundreds of commercial A220 globally every single day. That ensures exceptional reliability. It also means your pilot availability is potentially greater since more pilots hold type ratings on Airbus aircraft than on Gulf Streams. But here's where it becomes nuanced. The G700's flight deck is designed specifically for executive aviation operations. Smaller airfields, more challenging approaches, quick repositioning. The A22O's cockpit is designed for airline operations. Reliability, efficiency, standardization. Neither is superior. They're optimized for different purposes. Engine and performance. This is where specifications become reality, or rather where the turbine meets the atmosphere. The Gulfream G700 is powered by two Rolls-Royce Pearl 700 engines. Each generates 18,850 lb of thrust. Maximum speed, MAC 0.925, which equals roughly 710 mph. But speed alone doesn't reveal everything. The G700 has a maximum range of 7,500 nautical miles. That enables New York to Tokyo non-stop, Los Angeles to London without refueling, Singapore to Los Angeles on a single tank. The service ceiling reaches 51,000 ft, enabling you to fly above weather and congestion. The Airbus A22 Executive Jet utilizes two Pratt and Whitney PW 15000G engines. These are geared turboan engines. Extremely efficient, remarkably quiet. Maximum cruise speed around 520 mph. That's noticeably slower than the G700. Maximum range 3,500 nautical miles in its standard configuration, though extended range versions can reach 5,600 nautical miles. Service ceiling 41,000 ft. Here's what these numbers mean practically. The G700 gets you there quicker and can fly farther without stopping. If your mission involves intercontinental travel, if you're frequently crossing the Atlantic or Pacific, the G700 is engineered for that purpose. The A220 Executive Jet excels at regional travel and medium-range journeys. Paris to Dubai, perfect. Miami to S. Paulo, absolutely. But Sydney to Los Angeles, you'll require a fuel stop. investment. Let's discuss finances. The uncomfortable topic nobody wants to address, but everyone considers. The Gulfream G700 carries a list price of approximately $75 million. Pre-owned examples don't really exist yet since deliveries are recent. Charter rates typically range between $8,000 and $12,000 per flight hour depending on route and availability. The Airbus A220 Executive Jet. The base aircraft costs approximately $81 million. But here's the catch. That's just the green aircraft. The completion, all that custom interior work, those showers, those lounges can easily add another $30 to $50 million. You're realistically considering 110 to 130 million for a fully customized A220 executive jet. Charter rates vary significantly depending on configuration, but typically start around $15,000 per flight hour. So, here's that surprising feature I mentioned. The Gulfream G700 includes something called the Gulfream cabin management system with cabin altitude control that maintains the cabin pressure equivalent to 3,900 ft. Even when flying at 51,000 ft, the A220, its cabin altitude at cruise is typically around 6,000 ft. That difference might seem minor, but it has a significant impact on how you feel after a long flight. Lower cabin altitude means better oxygen saturation, reduce fatigue, and quicker recovery from jet lag. It's a detail most people never think about, but your body definitely notices it. The G700 is the precision instrument, precise, purpose-built, optimized for the mission it was designed to accomplish. The A220 Executive Jet is the versatile solution. Versatile, spacious, capable of configurations that simply aren't feasible in any purpose-built executive jet. Which one is worthwhile? That depends entirely on your requirements. If you're flying long range routes frequently, if speed matters, if you value that refined executive jet experience, the G700 is worth every dollar of its $75 million price tag. But if you need space, if you're transporting larger groups, if you want a flying office that doubles as a bedroom and triples as a conference center, the A220 Executive Jet justifies its higher cost. Choose based on your requirements, not on what looks better on the tarmac. If you found this exploration into the world of ultimate luxury valuable here on Alidolux, a like and a subscription would be greatly appreciated. And for those who aspire to flying in style, click right here to watch our next video on the top seven private jets for business executives. This is Alolux and we'll see you in the skies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lmexperimt: That's a stupid comparison

- Inside 7 Private Jets Under $80 Million That Are Proper Luxury In Sky: Kind: captions Language: en private jets under $80 million offer the perfect balance of luxury performance and value this high-end Jets provide Top Tire Comfort advanced technology and impressive range without crossing the Ultra Premium Price Line whether for business or Leisure they deliver an unmatched flying experience without compromising on quality in this video we are going to explore some of the private jets that costs under $80 million Bombardier Global 6000 Bombardier Global 6000 is one of the most popular long range jets in the world with more than hundreds of the Jets in service and this aircrafts cost their owner quite a bit of cash the price of a global 6,000 ranges from around 45 million to $60 million depending on the material used on the interior design and the configuration of the layout itself regardless the jet spec Remains the same it has an impressive max range of 6,000 nautical miles which means you can fly from Aspen Colorado to London without having to refuel you can do it pretty fast because the global 6000 has a max speed of Mo 0.89 this is quite impressive this jet has a cabin length of around 43 ft and a cabin height of around 6'2 in it's not only fast but also fairly comfortable for any long hul flight there are several different configurations of the global 6000 flying around the world but we are going to take a look at one of our personal favorite cabin layouts the premiere there are three distinct compartments in the global 6000 upon entering you pass through a large state of the art kitchen tto adjacent to the kitchen is a c rest area which ensures that the crew is well rested and ready to assist you on the 10 plus hour flight this jet can manage next it has the main cabin area two seats in the front can be finished in whatever materials you prefer though in our experience most people seem to choose white leather the seats are able to rotate completely and move into a number of positions behind those chairs you will find the multi-functional dining area the table is able to convert into a full banquet table perfect for dinner with the family or business meal the table and chair can convert into a full-sized bed perfect for the kiddos or staff to retire behind that compartment is a private Lounge area which is often configured to be two couches with television screens this couch is convert into a private bedroom giving you a cozy place to curl up and await your arrival beyond that room you'll find the laboratory which has the option to have a shower installed so you can look and feel fresh after spending a 14-hour long flight in air the baggage compartment can also be accessed through the laboratory which is a plus Point as well Gulf Stream G650 ER Gulf Stream G650 ER has now become a Top Choice for this super wealthy people with the amount of luxury and comfort along with top performance this jet has to offer the best price of golf stream G650 ER costs around $70 million this jet is packed with rolls r R 725 engines the G650 ER has a maximum operating speed of Mo 0.925 which is quite fast this jet has an amazing record of traveling a massive distance of 13,890 km in one go that's some pretty amazing numbers when it comes to private jets the Gulf Stream G650 ER has secured a record for one of the farthest fastest flight in business aviation history as well this jet has a cabin length of 46' 10 in a finished cabin height of 6' 3 in and a finished cabin width of 8 F2 in the interior of this jet is divided into three sections with different configurations to choose from costing around $70 million GF stream G650 ER is powered by two rollro br725 engines G650 ER is golf stream's one of the famous product this model is held in high regards by the company it's one of the best you can buy this jet is specifically designed as a private jet the G650 year can travel a range of 13,890 KM it's 99 ft 9 in long and 99 ft 7 in wide its cabin is 2,138 cubic feet in a comfortable configuration this jet can sit up to 19 passengers and sleep up to 10 passengers the interior is decorated with rich leather fine woods and handcrafted ston workor it includes a standard audio and high definition TV equipment a convection oven a series of 26 in widescreen television it comes from fully equipped with dinnerware and Cutlery so you will be ready to be entertained the GF stream cabin management system synchronizes with Apple iOS or selected Google Android smartphones and tablets to provide touchscreen control for temperature lighting window shades and entertainment options the living area has clap seats with massive oval shaped Windows which dominate the area for its passengers these windows can also be controlled with a push of a button the over shaped Windows have also been recognized as largest in the aviation industry you get to experience the perfect view from the sky and natural sunlight in the closest way possible an extra seat with the softest cushion is also provided for crew members so the second pilot can rest during a long flight this ensured that you reach the destination faster and safer a giant screen is also attached to the interior to show the passengers where exactly they are flying to a menu is designed to add up to the culture of various Cuisines of the world ample countertops with microwave ovens are also installed to give the exact restaurant like experience being inside the jet might appear a little noisy with massive rollsroyce engines thankfully the engineers were completely aware of this situation they managed to build the interior in such a beautiful way that it would make you feel like you are staying in one of the quietest place in the world the cabin are also packed with massive foldable tables that the passenger can use for work one of the best features is that the passengers do not have to make any extra effort in raising or lowering the table all you have to do is just push a button hidden at the side of each clap seat it will smoothly follow the command of the passenger while you are on board the wireless network that's connected to two multi Channel Satellite Systems ensures that you are kept in contact with the ground at all time its cruising altitude is 51,000 ft and cabin pressure is around 4,000 ft so you will hardly feel like you have flown to improve the level of security of the air craft it is equipped with a unique enhanced flight Vision system that helps the pilots land in low visibility conditions and to escape overrun of the runway the aircraft is also installed with a predictive Landing performance system as well the aircraft is also packed with plain view technology that helps the pilot cover all the Angles and focus on providing a secured and smooth journey to all the passengers talking about variable costs there are major factors like the cost of fuel maintenance engine overhaul crew Landing and handling fees as well along with other various costs all these variables are proportional to the number of hours flown the G stream G650 year is estimated to cost around $3,662 per flight hour when charging the aircraft the B price list for gstream G650 ER is around $70 million of course there are many configurations and options to choose from so that price is likely to increase in that case a pre-owned golf stream G650 year will cost at a much lower price compared to the new ones you can either own this unique jet or use it for a day ride since Qatar Airways is now providing this service to customers worldwide Bombardier Global 7500 the Bombadier Global 7500 was announced in 2010 and made its first flight in 2016 and was able to certified in 2018 entering service in December of the same year it has a flare the W factor and the price tag that Global 6,000 wishes it had the Bombardier Global 7500 will run you around $7 million the Bombardier Global 7500 has a range of 7,700 nautical miles which means it can take you practically anywhere in the world you would like to go and it will take you there fast with a top speed of MK 0.925 This Plane happens to be a lot larger than paccess as well spinning 111 ft in length with a a wingspan of 104 ft it sure knows how to draw some attention on the runway and inside it knows how to command attention as well the cabin height is the same as the 6,000 at 6' 2 in tall but it uses that space in a much much different way upon entering you will step into the aviation industry's largest Galley it Bo dual conventional and micro ovens the kitchen also has a coffee and espresso maker which is certainly necessary on those long flights it has a cre rest area which is much more private than that of global 6000 next you will enter the club suit which features four patented no seats which were engineered by Bombardier industrial design team the chair can recline on a floating base beside the chair there are two concealed side tables and large Windows which contribute to the Slick uncluttered look of the plane behind that you will find the conference suit which features a unique meeting and dining area that can sit six indiv visual comfortably there is also a well-mounted television in case you like to watch some news on the go beyond the conference suit of the plane there is the entertainment suit a three seat diving as well as a large entertainment cabinet that can conceal any video game console you need to store normally when you're flying you are not exactly getting the best sound quality or anything you are watching or listening to but the Bombardier Global 7500 you are treated to an immersive audio system that can be controlled by retor able OLED dials in the side panels but if you grow tired of those areas on the plane you can retire to the private suit in the back there you'll find a dedicated bed and an additional dive into relax on if you're just trying to get away from all those noise there is also an additional insu restroom which most buyers choose to add a shower to the Bombardier Global 7500 is equipped with bombardier's pure air system an advanced air purification system that features a HEPA filter that purifies and cleans the air not only can the system provide fresh air but also purified air with better humidity to provide rapid Heating and Cooling of the cabin as well Bombadier Global 7500 is powered by two rare mounted GE passport engines with each one being able to produce over 18,000 lbs of thrust total this General Electric engines are able to power the global 7500 to a maximum cruising altitude of 51,000 Ft and a maximum cruising speed of 516 knots the global 7500 is able to take off in just 5,800 ft which is quite impressive considering the overall size of the aircraft and an landing speed of just 2520 ft a special feature of the G passport engine is that it has a unified propulsion system with Advanced Health monitoring that delivers exceptional reliability increased efficiency lower emissions and reduced maintenance cost having been specially designed for the global 7500 when it comes to fixed cost there are criteria that have been identified as the biggest contributor to the annual cost of operation this cost includes crew salary crew training hanger Insurance management and additional miscellaneous fixed costs talking about variable cost there are main factors overhaul crew landing and handling fees as well with other various cost all these variables are proportional to the number of hours flown the estimated Charter cost for a bombia global 7500 is around $15 per flight hour the price for the plane starts from1 million before options the GF stream g800 produced by Gulf Stream Aerospace on October 2021 Gulf Stream unveiled the Gulf Stream g800 the 14,800 km Range model with the g700 wing and Par 700 engines all offering four living areas and 16 Windows Gul stream g800 is priced at around $72 million the aircraft Dimensions includes a length of 99 F9 in a wingspan of 103 ft and a height of 25' 6 in for many years Gulf Stream has led the business aviation industry with the commitment and continuous Improvement consistently setting new standards for safety performance Innovation and comfort talking about the cabin the jet has four living areas as the base plan with sitting up to 17 passenger or sleep up to 10 this jet can be opted with three living areas health and safety enhancements includes 100% fresh never recirculated and never refiltered air the company's award-winning predictive Landing performance system providing Pilots enhanced warning of potential Runway excursions so they can adjust approaches easily this J has one of the lowest cabin altitude in the industry and is designed to be the quietest in business Aviation natural light can easily enter through 16 panoramic oval Windows an amazing view can be enjoyed from the inside of the aircraft the center console boasts a shared throttle quadrant and general flight control is handled by side stick controlling paired with an all modern flyby wire system the Symmetry Flight Deck avionic suit add safety and efficiency to All Phases of flight the g800 ties you nonstop to more destinations worldwide as you fly greater distances at maximum speeds the more precious commodity of all Gulf streams highp speeded range Advantage will save you up to 1.5 hours on flight longer than 6,500 nautical miles or 12,38 km at Max Speed of mock 0.925 the g800 is a marble of performance and efficiency as it can also Fly for a global span rning 8,000 nautical miles or 14816 km at Mock 0.85 this jet is powered by two powerful par 700 rollsroyce engines g800 has many features including the golf stream panoramic oval windows and symmetric Flight Deck with electronically linked active control side sticks and 10 touchscreen displays avionics boast the predictive Landing performance system for advanced warnings of Runway issues the g800 adds to this with the raft of vision system in a headup unit that marges data into a single display for the g400 and g800 they use the most evolved architecture specifically developed to ensure Superior performance and safety while reducing weight and fuel consumptions the flight screen with interface and an active control side stick making the controls more pilot friendly it is at the Forefront of fbw Technology supplying the most advanced flight control Electronics in over 10,000 aircrafts worldwide Gul stream Flight Deck has revolutionized business a vision with considerable improvements in safety and efficiency between pilots through tactile cues 10 touchscreen displays are the most extensive use in business Aviation and work in sync with phase of flight intelligence to decrease the number of switches in the flight deck while no official word on pricing has been released reports suggest the new Gulf Stream g800 comes with a price stag of around $72 million when it comes to fixed cost there are criteria that have been identified as the biggest contributor to the annual cost of operation this cost includes crew salary crew training Hangar Insurance management and additional miscellaneous fixed cost talking about variable costs there are main factors like the cost of fuel maintenance engine overhaul crew landing and handling fees as well with other various costs all these variables are proportional to the number of hours flown dult Falcon 10x in the world of luxury business Jets the dool Falcon 10x stands out as a GameChanger redefining the standards of comfort technology and performance this Cutting Edge aircraft combines theol Legacy of innovation with unparallel luxury offering an alter long range capability that connects the world's major business Subs non-stop with a price tag of $75 million the Falcon 10x is designed for those who demand the best in aviation let's dive into the exceptional features and advancements that make the Falcon 10x a standout in the business Aviation landscape the Falcon 10x sets a new Benchmark in the Business Jet segment with its remarkable range of 7500 nautical miles this capability enables seamless InterContinental travel allowing flights such as New York to Shanghai or Los Angeles to Sydney without refueling such long range capacity means that business Travelers can connect Global markets with ease attending crucial meetings on different continents without the need for multiple Stovers the aircraft's range is complemented by its maximum operating speed of Mo 0.925 allowing Executives to make the most of their time by reducing travel durations significantly the falcon 10xs performance is driven by a pair of state-of-the-art Rolls-Royce par 10x engines each delivering more than 18,000 lb of thrust these engines are not only powerful but also represent the Pinnacle of fuel efficiency and environmental consideration the Rolls-Royce power series is known for its cleaner operation with lower carbon emissions and better fuel consumption metrics compared to previous models this focus on sustainability aligned with global Trends towards Greener Aviation practices making the Falcon 10x an eco-conscious Choice without compromising on performance one of the key aspects of the Falcon 10xs performance is its ability to climb rapidly above air traffic and turbulence providing a smoother and more enjoyable flight experience the engine's robust thrust enables quick asense ensuring that passengers can travel in Tranquility above the busy Skies below this capability is particularly beneficial for those who wish to avoid common a space congestion and turbulence ensuring a journey that is not only fast but also comfortable and stressfree when it comes to luxury and comfort the Falcon 10x takes the lead with the largest cabin of any purpose-built Business Jet the cabin Dimensions 6' 8 in in height and 9 FT 1 in in width offer a remarkable amount of space for passengers to enjoy this generous size allows for unprecedented level of customization and flexibility in interior design making the Falcon 10x a truly B spoke travel experience the modular design of the Falcon 10x cabin means that owners can tailor the layout to meet their specific needs and preferences whether it's an expanded dining area perfect for conducting meetings or hosting guests a dedicated entertainment Zone with a state-of-the-art technology or a private estate room complete with a queen-sized bed for ultimate relaxation the possibilities are virtually Limitless this level of customization ensures that the Falcon 10x can be transformed into a personal Oasis in the sky catering to the unique Lifestyles and requirements of its passengers for those seeking even more luxury the Falcon 10x offers the option of a master suite featuring a standup shower creating a homelike environment where passengers can freshen up and prepare for the next destination the spaciousness of the cabin is further enhanced by the largest baggage compartment in its class which remains accessible during flight these features allows travelers to have all their necessary belongings Within Reach further enhancing the convenience and comfort of the journey safety is Paramount in aviation and the Falcon 10x is equipped with state-of-the-art technology to ensure the highest level of safety and operational efficiency derived from from Do's military aircraft expertise the Falcon 10x features a sophisticated digital flight control system DFCS this system honed from Decades of experience in crafting fighter jets provides precise and smooth control of the aircraft making flying not only safer but also more comfortable for passengers and Pilots alike one of the standout Innovations in the Falcon 10x is the Falcon I combined Vision system this groundbreaking technology significantly enhances situational awareness especially in low visibility conditions such as fog or night flying the system integrate synthetic Vision with enhanced Vision capabilities providing Pilots with a comprehensive view of the terrain and potential obstacles regardless of the weather conditions this capability allows for safer navigation and more confident piloting especially during challenging approaches and Landings in addition to Vision enhancements the Falcon t KX incorporates automated protections that are designed to prevent Cal flight situations this breakthrough safety features include automated systems that can intervene in the case of human error ensuring that the aircraft remains within safe operational parameters this blend of human and Technology oversight creates a robust safety net reinforcing dool commitment to passenger and crew safety the Falcon 10x is not just an aircraft it is a testament to the's commitment to Innovation and excellence in aviation its design reflects a deep understanding of the needs of modern business Travelers combining performance luxury and technology in a way that sets new standards for the industry the Falcon 10xs spacious cabin Advanced avionics and eco-friendly features position it as a leader in the ultr longrange Business Jet Market as businesses continue to expand globally and demand for efficient travel Solutions grows the f 10x offers a compelling option that meets the needs of discerning Travelers seeking Comfort speed and connectivity the design philosophy behind the Falcon 10x is rooted in the idea of creating an aircraft that anticipates the future needs of Travelers this Forward Thinking approach ensures that the Falcon 10x remains relevant and valuable in a rapidly changing World providing a platform for Innovation that will continue to evolve and adapt over time the Falcon 10x is equipped with the Next Generation Nexus Flight Deck featuring all multi-touch displays that provide Pilots with intuitive and advanced navigation capabilities this cutting Ed avionic suit simplifies flight management and enhances situational awareness ensuring a safer and more efficient flying experience the Nexus flight deck is designed to streamline operations and reduce pilot workload through its userfriendly interface and advanced technology the use of multi-touch displays allows for easy access to critical flight information enabling Pilots to make informed decisions quickly and confidently the modern approach to cockpit design enhances the overall safety and efficiency of the Falcon 10x making it an ideal choice for complex Global itineraries connectivity is key for business Travelers and the Falcon 10x delivers with seamless inflight connectivity options that keep passengers connected to the world below whether for conducting business meeting staying in touch with family or streaming entertainment the Falcon 10x provides the tools needed to remain productive and connected throughout the flight the salt commitment to customer satisfaction extends beyond the aircraft itself the Falcon 10x is supported by a worldwide Network that includes Falcon response a suite of aircraft on ground Support Services dedicated to minimize downtime and ensuring the aircraft remains operational the proactive approach to customer service Ensure ures that Falcon 10x operators have access to Rapid support and solutions keeping their aircraft flying and their schedules intact in today's world sustainability is a critical consideration for the aviation industry the Falcon 10x is compatible with sustainable aviation fuel supporting efforts to reduce carbon emissions and environmental impact by operating with saf the Falcon 10x not only meets the demand of eco-conscious Travelers but also contributes to a Greener future for Aviation the dool Falcon 10x is a masterpiece of engineering and design representing the Pinnacle of luxury and performance in the Business Jet Market with this unparalleled range spacious cabin and advanced technology the Falcon 10x sets a new standard for what is possible in aviation for businesses and individuals seeking an aircraft that combines style comfort and cutting a technology the Falcon 10x is a clear choice its ability to connect major business hubs worldwide with ease and efficiency makes it an invaluable asset for those who value time and productivity as the aviation industry continues to evolve the Falcon 10x stands as a symbol of progress Innovation and Excellence it embodies doa's vision for the future of business Aviation offering a glimpse of what lies ahead for travelers who demand the best in performance safety and luxury Gulf Stream g700 Gulf Stream g700 tops the GF stream G650 year in terms of cabin space Innovation and flexibility of cabin design in terms of overall specifications the g700 is extremely similar to the GF stream G650 ER with only some minor differences the golf stream g700 was announced in 2019 at the NBA convention and exhibition in Las Vegas the g700 completed his first flight in 2020 the price of GF stream G 7700 cost around $75 million the g700 has a takeoff distance of just 5,995 ft and a reported Landing distance of around 2500 ft cabin length of Gulf Stream g700 is 56' 11 in and cabin height of 6'3 in Gulf Stream g700 features true circadian light to simulate the sunlight of your next time zone to help reduce the effect of jet like additionally the g700 has a maximum cabin altitude of 2,840 Ft at 41 ,000 ft one of the lowest cabin altitude to be found on a private jet helping you sleep better and reduce the effect of jet lag g700 is fitt with 20 of the largest windows in business Aviation flooding the interior with natural light to make the already large cabin feel even more spacious the g700 features smooth Wi-Fi so that you can stay connected when you are in the air for hours at a time additionally the Gulf Stream design cabin view lets passenger track flight progress display point of Interest and provides passenger briefings the g700 also features an all new seat design these seats are handcrafted for each aircraft and can be converted to ergonomic beds this provide the passenger with utmost Comfort the g700 has a maximum capacity of 19 passenger in a sitting configuration and space for 13 passenger in a sleeping configuration the cabin can be configured with up to five living spaces so you will always be able to get some privacy from your fellow passengers when on a long flight TI iCal layout includes a forward laboratory opposite the aircraft entryway forward by spacious closet and a forwarded Galley that is built around a 10t long countertop providing ample space for a crew to prepare meals The Galley has room for a large sink a full-sized oven a micro oven a big refrigerator coffee makers and all the storage space you will need to keep passengers and crew happy for 14 hours optional crew rest area can be placed as well then comes an entertainment Zone that houses a 40in 4k monitor with immersive 3D sound from transducer built into the cabin sideway panels behind the entertainment Lounge is a six-seat grouping for conference or dining featuring a Wireless smartphone charger built into the table throughout the impressive quiet cabin you will find multiple charging ports and power outlets the g700 offers many cabin layouts and seemingly endless finer detail it can be equipped with a carved Edge queen siiz bed opposite a fulls size dresser the adjacent offl features two Windows a standup closet a large vanity and an optional standup shower the lab also features inflight access to baggage hold which can carry a decent amount of baggage capacity the g700 features the Gulf Stream symmetric Flight Deck similar to other modern golf stream aircrafts the symmetric Flight Deck features the active control side stick for increased safety additionally intuitive touch screen avionics and phase of flight intelligence helps reduce pilot workload and aircraft startup time the g700 can be fitted with Gulf Stream enhanced flight Vision system a nose Mount infered camera and dual heads up display which helps to land the plane more easily even in poorer weather conditions g700 is powered by twin Rolls-Royce parl 700 engines that are mounted on the rear of the jet the thrust of these engines are able to push the aircraft to a maximum operating speed of mock 0.935 the g700 is able to fly up to 7,750 nautical miles Non-Stop meaning that departing from London the g700 can reach about any continent without needing to refill with a maximum cruising altitude of 51,000 Ft the Gulf Stream is able to provide a smooth ride above bad weather conditions as well when it comes to fixed cost there are criteria that have been identified as the biggest contributor to the annual miscellaneous fixed cost talking about variable costs there are main factors like the cost cost of fuel maintenance engine overhaul crew landing and handling fees as well with other various costs all these variables are flown the Gulf Stream g700 is very difficult to Charter the hourly cost of a Gulf Stream g700 Charter should be in the range of 13,000 to $15,000 while the g700 is still very difficult to Charter it is available to purchase the purchase price of a Gulf Stream g700 base model is $75 million before options and there are many options that you can select Bombardier Global 8000 the global 8000 is a notable advancement in business Aviation offering a combination of highspeed extensive range and enhanced Comfort this aircraft is designed to cater to the needs of demanding Travelers incorporating Bombardier expertise and Innovative technology it plays a significant role in the business Aviation sector by setting new standards for performance and luxury in business Jets the global 8000s design focuses on both Aesthetics and functionality build with Advanced Materials the aircraft ensures durability while maintaining a sliek modern look the ergonomic design prioritizes passenger comfort with every element crafted to enhance the flying experience from the moment you step on board the thoughtful design details Stand Out showcasing bombardier's commitment to Excellence with the capacity to carry up to 19 passengers the global 8000 offers a spacious and comfortable cabin environment the seating is designed for maximum Comfort incorporating the latest in ergonomic technology the generous cabin space allows for various configurations ensuring that each flight can be tailored to meet the specific needs of its passengers powered by General Electric passport engines the global 8,000 boasts impressive performance metrics each engine delivers a Thrust of 18920 lb of force providing the power needed for Swift and efficient travel the engines are flat rated to ISA plus 15° C ensuring consistent performance even under challenging conditions this powerful propulsion system is a key factor in the aircraft's ability to achieve remarkable speed and range the global 8000 is one of the fastest business jet in the world capable of reaching a top speed of Mo 0 94 this allows for quicker travel times saving valuable hours on longdistance flights with a maximum range of 8,000 nautical miles it can connect virtually any two cities on the planet without needing to refuel this combination of speed and range makes the global 8000 an ideal choice for Global Travel the cabin of the global 8000 is equipped with the state of art technology to ensure a comfortable and connected experience bombard is pure air provides Advanced air filtration while the solil circadian lighting system helps reduce jet lag by simulating natural light patterns the nice touch cabin management system allows passengers to control all aspects of their environment from lighting to entertainment ensuring a personalized experience the Vionic suit in the global 8000 is one of the most advanced in the industry the Bombadier Vision Flight Deck features four large displays providing Pilots with all the information they need at a glance Advanced flyby wire technology and side stick control enhance maneuverability and safety navigation systems include the latest performance-based navigation capabilities ensuring precise and efficient route planning the flight deck of the global 8000 is designed with a pilot in mind featuring ergonomic controls and advanced technology to enhance safety and ease of operation the headup display and enhanced Vision system Pro provide critical flight information in real time improving situational awareness the synthetic Vision system offers a 3D Terin display further aiding navigation in challenging conditions efficiency is a Hallmark of the global 8000 the aircraft is designed to minimize fuel consumption reducing operating costs and environmental impact maintenance intervals are optimized to ensure that the jet spends more time in the air and less time in the hanger these factors contribute to the overall cost effectiveness of oing and operating a global 8,000 safety is Paramount in the design of the global 8000 the aircraft is equipped with the latest safety technology including a multiscan weather Rudder with wind share detection and advanced flight Control Systems compliance with all relevant Aviation regulations is assured providing peace of mind to operators and passengers alike the interior of the global 8000 is spacious and luxurious with a cabin height of 6'2 in a width of 8 ft and a length of 54 ft 5 in this ample space allows for a variety of seting and configuration options making it possible to tailor the cin to specific needs and preferences the generous Dimension contribute to the overall comfort and functionality of the aircraft the exterior dimensions of the global 8000 are equally impressive with a length of 111 ft a wings span of 104 ft and a height of 27 ft these Dimensions not only enhance the aircraft's aesthetic appeal but also contribute to its Superior aerodynamic performance the Slick modern design is both functional and visually striking making a statement on any tarmac the global 8000 takeoff and Landing performance is exceptional with a takeoff distance of 5,760 ft and a landing distance of 2,220 Ft this capabilities allow the the aircraft to operate from shorter runways increasing the number of airports it can access this flexibility is particularly valuable for business Travelers who need to reach remote or less accessible destinations the global 8000 can operate at altitudes up to 51,000 Ft well above commercial air traffic and most weather disturbances this capability allows for smoother more efficient flights the initial Cruise altitude at maximum takeoff weight is 43,000 ft ensuring Optimal Performance from the start of the journey passenger Comfort is a top priority for the global 8000 the N seat with its zero gravity position reduces lower back pressure and enhances overall Comfort the cabin's low noise levels and vibration control further contribute to a relaxing flight experience bombardier's pure air system ensures clean fresh air throughout the cabin enhancing passenger well-being bomb is committed to sustainability and the global 8,000 reflects this commitment the aircraft is designed to minimize emissions and reduces environmental footprint Advanced Technologies and efficient engines contribute to lower fuel consumption while Bombardier sustainability initiatives ensured that the global 8000 remains an eco-friendly choice for business Aviation owners of the global 8000 have numerous customization options available to them the interior can be tailored with a variety of materials and finishes to reflect personal tastes and preferences exterior paint options also allow for unique and personalized designs this customization possibilities ensure that each Global 8,000 is truly One of a Kind comparison with other Jets when compared to other business Jets the global 8000 stands out for its speed range and comfort it surpasses the capabilities of the global 7,500 and outperforms many of its competitors the superiority makes it the preferred choice for those who demand the best in business Aviation the global 8000 is positioned as a premium Business Jet its pricing strategy reflects status as a top Tire aircraft the starting price for a bombardier Global 8,000 is around $78 million offering unparalleled performance and luxury this positioning ensured that the global 8,000 remains a CED asset in the business Aviation Market the key benefits of the global 8,000 include its unmatched speed extensive range and luxurious Comfort its advanced technology and safety features further enhance its appeal making it the ideal choice for Discerning Travelers this advantages set the global 8,000 apart in the competitive business Aviation Market despite its many strengths the global 8,000 does face some challenges the high cost of ownership and operation may be a barrier for some potential buyers additionally the aircraft's advanced technology requires specialized maintenance and support which can be a consideration for operators the global 8,000 benefits from bomb's extensive service network ensuring that maintenance and support are readily available regular service intervals and comprehensive support packages help to keep the aircraft in Top condition minimizing downtime and maximizing operational efficiency while the global 8,000 represents a significant investment its operational costs are competitive for its class fuel efficiency Advanced Tech technology and reliable performance contribute to coste effective ownership understanding the full cost of ownership is essential for potential buyers and Bombadier provides detailed information to assist in this regard the global 8,000 is ideally suited for corporate travel offering a luxurious and efficient means of transportation for business Executives its range and speed enable non-stop flights between major business hubs facilitating seamless Global operations for private owners the global 8,000 offers unparalleled luxury and convenience whether for family vacations or personal travel the aircraft provides a comfortable and efficient way to reach any destination Charter services can also be benefited from the global 8000 capabilities offering clients a premium travel experience the charter cost for a global 8,000 typically starts around $17,500 per hour this rate can vary depending on specific factors such as the flight route duration and any additional Services requested the health and wellness Fe features of the global 88000 are designed to ensure that passengers arrive feeling rested and refreshed Bombardier pure air with its Advanced HEPA filter technology ensures clean air while the solle circadian lighting system helps mitigate the effects of jet lag this features contribute to an overall sense of well-being during and after the flight the global 8000 incorporates the latest technological advancements from its avionic suits to its cabin Management Systems future upgrades are anticipated ensuring that the aircraft remains at The Cutting age of business aviation technology these Innovations enhance safety comfort and efficiency making the global 8,000 a truly state of the art aircraft bomb's Global presence ensured that the support and service are available wherever the global 8,000 flies with service centers around the world operators can rely on prompt and professional assistance this extensive network is a key Advantage for those who need Dependable support no matter where they travel take them the global 8000 stand out as a pinnacle of business Aviation offering unmatched speed range and comfort its advanced technology luxurious amities and Superior performance make it the aircraft of choice for Discerning Travelers there you have it a list of some of the private jets that costs under $80 million so which one do you prefer do let us know in the comments below as always thank you for watching if you enjoy the video make sure to leave a like And subscribe to our Channel big luxury

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-kz6bl3xp7m: I would give $30 million for each. Such a rip off for above $80 million!
  2. @fabianosf10: Show top

- Why You Should NOT Fly Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys welcome back to my channel this is Ryan Huber I'm at the Great Pyramid of Giza right now and I wanted to talk about five things that suck about being a private jet pilot [Music] first off the number one thing that sucks about the inter private jet pilot is the schedule is really unpredictable with charter customers or with just owner operators a lot of times you never really know where you're going when you're going a lot of people operate on call meaning they have a certain call-out period like four hours or eight hours and if they get a call up to that four hours you might have a call and it's happened to me at my previous job in the middle of the night there where it's like 2:00 a.m. and hey we need to get to Tucson we've got to fly a heart down to Tucson from Phoenix I used to do medevac stuff a couple years ago so the schedule can be very unpredictable you're dealing with people of a certain level of wealth and the whole reason people fly private fly private is because it gives them access to their time much better than a commercial airline are much better than commercial travel so the schedule can be very unpredictable it's not like flying for the airlines where you know you're scheduled ahead of time you know which flights are flying so that can be difficult and might be something that turns you off to fly on private jets if you're a pilot looking to get into industry so it can be pretty crazy but it's also very fun thing that really sucks about being a private jet pilot is and I didn't think this would actually happen to me but the time away from friends and family can really get to you and it's gotten to me I've gotten really lonely on the road I'm sitting in hotel rooms you know long nights early mornings I can really get to you and if you do decide you want to get into the industry and you want to be a private jet pilot or an airline pilot something you need to really think about and really consider just how independent you are and just kind of what lifestyle you want to live you do spend a lot of time away from friends and family you will miss Christmases you will miss birthdays you'll miss events you can't plan a whole lot you live half your year on the road on somebody else's schedule whether that be the schedule of the passengers in your airline or the schedule of your boss your charter clients or whoever you may be flying for thing that sucks about being a private jet pilot is it's not as stable as the airlines a lot of airline guys will tell you this why fly for the airlines versus fly private is because you don't have the security of a big company behind you you don't have a fortune 500 company a big you know massive airline full of thousands and thousands of employees and millions or billions of dollars in backing if my owner my the company I fly for if they go out of business if he just feels like firing the pilots he doesn't want his jet anymore you can just say yeah I don't really want the jet new morcilla and you know we're gone so there's a lot less stability same thing with charter charter companies are small companies with a few jets they don't have the financial backing as some big big organizations so flying for a charter operation or flying private it's it's a way less stable it really is that an airline but you know some people we don't want stability we want fun we want spontaneity so it just depends on you and that's something to think about if you want to get into flying private jets versus Airlines or something like that if you're a pilot coming up private jets they're not very stable they're fun the fourth thing that sucks about being a private jet pilot or a pilot in general and any plane is student debt and a cost I don't know about you guys how much money you have how much money your family has or how you might have gotten your ratings but for most of us I'd say we have to take out some kind of loan or make a big financial obligation to get our pilot ratings and it's tough you know I've invested 60 plus thousand dollars of my own money and now ATP for instance the program I went to is up to a hundred thousand dollars just to get your pilot ratings it's a big big commitment it's a lot of it's a lot more than maybe college in certain states or certain organisms certain universities but it also could be less than some college degrees but it's a lot of money I pay a loan payment every month to pay back my loans and it's a big commitment so before you decide to become a pilot think about what kind of financial route or decision you may be able to make is it worth it yes in my opinion it's absolutely worth it I'm hanging out at the pyramids right now and I would not be hanging out at I didn't make the commitment to myself into my future to pursue flying as a job and as a career and get those ratings so the debt is worth it but it's a big debt obligation it's a lot of money to become a pilot and final thing of this video that sucks about being a private jet pilot mainly in comparison to flying for the airlines is we have to clean the airplanes we have a lot more tasks than just being pilots so this is something that people don't really talk about but something I just thought I'd touch on while I'm here making this video and it's something to think about I mean it shouldn't really sway your opinion whether you want to fly a private jet or airline just because of this but on we do a lot more work we do a lot we do the flight planning we coordinate fuel coordinate services catering cleaning we're cleaning up the jet we're making sure everything's ready to go so we're more of a customer service broad person then the airline guys might be where they just show up get their stuff they fly they get off they have everybody doing stuff for them as private jet pilots buy especially if you're operating without a flight attendant or with less support we have to do a lot more work than just fly the airplane there's a lot of coordinating and things that go behind the scenes that people may not think about so that's something else it sucks about being a private jet pilot if you liked this video please like comment subscribe I'll be posting twice a week on my channel for aviation business and life related things my name is Ryan Huber I fly private hanging out of the pyramids always sword your full potential I'll see you in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @corporate_flyerguy6708 [16 likes]: This is absolutely accurate. I’m a corporate pilot, and can’t even count how many times I’ve tried to make plans and had to cancel due to a flight popping up. Last thanksgiving, I was eating with my family when the phone rang, and I had get my uniform on, then go out the door. On the flip side, when you go somewhere nice, it’s like a paid vacation. It can be very rewarding, but there are sacrifices that go along with it.
  2. @jaymiami5813 [2 likes]: Hey nice video I bought a 182 Cessna I got my 135 I do tours here in Miami and I fly around the beautiful Waters of Miami and thank God I go home everyday
  3. @LawInteractions_911 [1 likes]: Love flying for NetJets. Lots of stability. The money and benefits are there. I have buddies at the airlines getting furloughed.
  4. @tomcruise11880 [1 likes]: Hi, Ryan. Thank you for sharing these details of private jet career. In my opinion, you are on the right track to gain flying hours, on the right track to pay off loan little by little, on the right track to devote your self in the dream that you used to have. Me, I am still working on my CPL only here in northern CA. So, give the audience more info about pilot jobs, please. Fly safe, and fly happily as you can.
  5. @bob-ix2ky [1 likes]: sounds like you fly for the wrong company. i retired after 25 years with a major corporate flight department . the FBO cleaned the aircraft,we had 4 pilots per a/c, plenty of time off, schedule was known 2 months in advance, pay was as good as senior airline captains. as for security,not many CEO`s will get rid of their jet and stand in lines at an airline terminal wondering if the flight will be cancelled. Dont give up on corporate aviation
  6. @benscratchin7017 [1 likes]: I used to work for an Aircraft Maintenance Facility in the DFW area. We had a Contract with Netjets to provide service and maintenance on their aircraft that flew into and out of the DFW area. 
Working for and on Netjets aircraft was not a problem for us. Like all Aircraft Operators, Netjets wanted their planes flying as often as possible and as inexpensive as possible. No problem there, as long as safety of flight remains the priority.
After working in the Corporate Aircraft Industry since 1980, I have to admit that Netjets Pilots we're the most unhappy Pilots concerning their Employer.
I'll leave it at that.
  7. @jollycoveimaginginc.9337: I don’t agree at all. I retired from this kind of job. The airlines furloughed people left and right. Yes it is a lot more work but you get to see new destinations all the time. I much preferred flying a BBJ versus a 737 for the airlines
  8. @dsd-downshiftdave8056: Whats the difference between private, charter and  corporate? Does one tend to go to better travel destinations, I'm guessing the crew for private is very small, so im guessing you are more likely to be alone
 also I'm 46 single no kids, do you think my age will have a big impact on being hired,  and what about neck tattooes is it frown upon in the aviation community
  9. @brianb6957: What kind of jet are you flying?
  10. @zoozolplexOne: interesting !!!
  11. @brothermanv: Very insightful vid.  What the name of this music?
  12. @camerondouglas7055: Student debt is a USA only thing just in case some of you guys are wondering.
  13. @KiRiKoUtheBeAsT: I am not a pilot but I think he is very right cos I remember watching an interview of floyd Mayweather and he told the host he can call his pilot right there and they will fly to anyplace he choses and he actually did it so I think the timing is very inconvenient for the pilots but I guess the money is worth it cos I heard they are paid even when they ain't flying.
  14. @suecollins3246: If you object to the downside of being a private jet pilot (and, presumably the salary) why don't you work somewhere else- Walmart perhaps?
  15. @-Ascender: *depending on the size of the charter company
  16. @jimd3541: For god sakes stop complaining and whining and quit your damn job go do something else go change tires on cars and work for a living
  17. @Rick-tb4so: Lets stop all private plane travel in and out of the U.S.
  18. @contactolequotidien8492: Is it really safe?, I hate flying private it scares me way more? I have to take a flight but I’m very scared
  19. @tedcriel277: You are correct on all counts. Good job
  20. @Dewey_Boondye420: i dont think i will ever be hired by an airline, so private/charter is my only option.. its next to impossible to get on with the airlines unless you were a total loser your whole life, in which case props to you. the rest of us dont have options..

- Pilatus PC-12 Condition Lever: Kind: captions Language: en all right hey guys welcome back i've gotten a couple questions about the fuel condition lever in the pc12 so i thought i'd jump into x-plane here and make a quick video about the condition lever down here what it's used for and how it works there seems to be a little bit of confusion about this because it does look kind of like the mixture knob in a piston airplane however it works completely differently the only similarity between the two is that when you bring this lever all the way to the aft stop it does shut down the engine but that's about where the similarities end so this lever basically just controls the idle speed of the engine and there are three detents there's cut off feather ground idle and flight idle when we first get into the airplane this lever will be in cut-off feather the engine will be shut down and when we go to start the engine we'll use the electric starter to turn the engine and once we have enough rotational speed we'll introduce fuel so we're looking at the ng up here and if you haven't seen my video about starting the pc12 i'll link to that so you can check that out but basically how we start any turbine engine is we just get the engine spinning and then we want it to spin up fast enough to where it's sucking in enough air that when we introduce fuel that we can have a light off on the engine and it will spool up and become the process becomes self-sustaining when we're starting the engine we want to see 13 to 18 percent ng we really want it to be as high as it can go to light the engine off usually it'll top out somewhere between 18 19 or 20 percent in g right here this ng is just the rotational speed of the engine the rpm and the engine expressed in a percentage of its maximum rotation it can go a little over 100 but this is primarily what we're looking at here when we're dealing with the condition lever so uh once we get that 13 to 18 percent uh ng during the the start sequence we'll introduce uh fuel by moving this lever out of the cutoff feather detent up and over a gate and into the ground idle detent and the sim doesn't have this modeled exactly correctly in the rail airplane there's actually a black tab right here that's a guard that's spring loaded to the left and you've got it move that to the right with your thumb when you're bringing this lever aft it's not a problem when you're moving it forward but the guard is there to prevent an accidental shutoff in flight but that tab isn't even modeled in here at all but at any rate you do still have to lift this lever up and over a gate out of the cut off feather position and into the ground idle position and it'll just it'll seat down into that detent with a nice solid click and that will introduce fuel and then light the engine off during the start sequence at ground idle the ng should be somewhere between about 63 or 65 percent and the sim it's not modeled exactly correctly it's a little bit lower than that as you can see here and then the reason that we we keep the engine in ground idle on the ground is because it keeps the engine running smoothly it keeps the propeller in the approved rpm it turns the generators fast enough to supply electrical current to the components we need but we're not wasting fuel by turning the engine faster than that because we don't really have much of a need for bleed air on the ground now once we take off we'll move the condition lever up here into flight idle and again there is a detent that it'll seed into in flight idle as we're sliding that lever forward we don't have to um move up out of a gate or anything we just push it forward and it'll seat into the flight idle detent and that'll bring the ng somewhere up to between 75 or 80 percent again it's a little bit lower than that in the sim it's not quite realistic but somewhat close and that'll just spool the engine up and uh the reason that we want the condition lever and flight idle between any time between takeoff and landing so the entire time that the airplane's in the air is because we really want to have more bleed air for pressurization and for the de-ice boots if we need those while we're flying so you know remember that when the engine is is turning it's ingesting air mostly for combustion but it's also some of that is getting routed away from the engine for bleed air as bleed air that'll come into the cabin and pump up the cabin it'll pump up the ice boots if we need to run those so we need a lot of bleed air in flight so that's why we don't want the engine to idle too slowly otherwise we won't get enough bleed air so the only thing the condition lever does is it controls the idle position of the engine so if i have the pcl which is the power control lever the throttle right here at the idle stop like it is right now the idle ng will not go lower than where it's set based on the condition lever position so if i'm in flight idle i can bring the pcl all the way back to its stop and the engine should not spool down below about 75 or 80 percent of g so i'm going to have plenty of bleed air and generator current and all the stuff that i need it's also handy in flight because especially during approach and landing when we're using lower power settings if we have to go around say we're on short final and aircraft taxis out under the runway in front of us and we need to make a quick go around you really want the engine to be spooled already so that we don't have that lag time there's a little bit of spool time even in a smaller turbine engine like this and we don't really want to have to wait on the engine to spool up to get that power so it's nice to have the engine already pre-spooled and and have that power be readily available should be needed so as soon as we land and we're out of reverse if we needed to use reverse and we're almost slowed down to taxi speed and we don't need the engine spooled up anymore we'll bring that back to ground idle we do have to lift the condition lever slightly up and forward out of the detent and back and let it click down into the ground idle detent and then we'll taxi into the ramp at ground idle and then when we're ready to shut the engine down got to make sure it's been at least two minutes for the hot section to cool down to the engine but then we'll at that point shut the engine down by just bringing this condition lever up we pull it up push the tab that again isn't modeled here in the sim but push that to the right with the thumb and then just pull that all the way back and seat it into the cutoff feather position and that does three things first it chokes the engine to fuel to shut it down it de-energizes the low fuel pressure system so that we're not seeing a nuisance cast or cause light when we're shutting the engine down and it also feathers the prop which is where we want it for shutdown so that's really all it does it just basically controls the idle uh idle speed of the engine and that's what we use it for so in the in the ngx it's full fedex uh the condition lever is actually gone it's all integrated into the pcl which is pretty pretty handy dandy so anyway hope that clears up the questions guys thanks for those uh leave me your questions in the comments don't forget to like and subscribe and i will see you guys on the next video thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @iandavid2867 [1 likes]: Awesome breakdown of  the Pc12 systems. Keep up the good work & thanks for your efforts, every video I'm learning. Thank you Sir!
  2. @desks3674 [1 likes]: Just got hired to fly PC-12's!! first job out of instructing I've had. Binge watching all your videos to prepare for flight saftey next month! Also if you have any reccomended reading materials to prepare for learning to fly a turboprop shoot a reply to this comment! looking to be the most prepared person in my class.
  3. @AO-hc1wi [1 likes]: Nice video :)
But what’s the manual override for/when do we use it🤔
  4. @Timmay46 [1 likes]: Clear and informative. Thank you.
  5. @andrelancha9605: What simulator do you refer ?
  6. @johnwight6041: Fantastic explanation!
  7. @misbahuddinsabah2479: Hello sir I have question? When we are starting the pc12 pilatus aircraft his engine speed is not going up?
  8. @jomckarth4836: thank you!
  9. @blutowitz: Great video. You clearly explain the purpose and use of the condition lever. Could you explain the MOR (manual override) purpose and function? Thank you, Gene.
  10. @noneofyourbusiness5074: Great video, do you know why some king airs always fly with the condition lever in the low idle, shouldn't it be the same as the Pilatus?
  11. @Mattblackmiata: Great video!! Would it make sense to put the condition levers as detents on the main power lever?
  12. @Hemans007: Thx for info I am starting my PC 12NG training very soon.
  13. @rackum44: I had the sub Great video very well explained and I really liked how you explained the air the fuel and everything very swiftly but yet thoroughly. I'm just a sim pilot but love to learn
  14. @charlie_sierra1: Nice to see you back!
  15. @jadeheverly-campbell1621: Good stuff, thanks!

- How to START A PLANE? Pilatus PC-12.: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome to quick tech video here in the Pilatus pc-12 today I want to show you how to start the plane on its currently call it dark we did the pre-flight and weird it start and get this point going so we're going to do is we're gonna follow the checklist items so before start checklist parking brakes it's right here make sure you bring it back sit it in and once you do that make sure you load the brakes so you tap on the pedals they will load them well sharks I got them fill calves they look good on that side and it looks good at my side too as well rear seats and seat belts are adjust and secured over how electrical switches make sure everything up here is currently off in it is and welcome to with stun by bus if applicable because only series tents have them we have one so stop my buzzes on that's gonna power mainly our stem by indicators and the government for 30 here in the auto public you switch it to get a clearance alright the ice and switches I don't know if you can see that initial separator open so we're gonna come up here and verify that the initial separator is open what this is gonna do is prevent any rocks or fod to get into the engine once we're starting up so it is open right now pulling in heating must be off and as you can see it's off right now the system is off and seat belt no smoking signs we're not gonna worry about that right now we're empty without passengers EPS which is this little button right here we're gonna test it make sure we have a green light for five seconds and then we're going to arm it so one two three four five it's working so we're gonna arm it we have a number light on right mr BCL actually ECS which acs which is this one that's our environmental environmental controls pitch it's off right now the mor PCL and conditioned lever so this is the amore it's actually backing in PCL is back and conditional never it's back here as well else like to verify that our emergency handles are in and secured all right battery switch on so we go up here and turn on battery one and we have twenty four point five volts we need at least 24 to start this plane up a navigational light it should be on it's up here it is on so that's good startled power we don't have one right now landing gear position like we need to have three green and we have to be green here if you don't see those sometimes it's because maybe the advisory switches are on the dim position as you can see it's barely noticeable you need to bring them to the normal position in order to see everything and then cause should be appropriate so we go to the hospital we verify wouldn't have any hydraulic cause low oil cars passing your door or a cargo door which will be up here in the top left everything looks good so let's get the beacon on so bacon is on and we'll say clear left clear Center and clear right I'm gonna press the starter it's right up here we have the starter and starter interrupts in case we need to aboard the startup but what's gonna happen is that once I press the starter the mg is gonna come up we need at least 13 mg to bring the condition lever to the ground idle position and then ITT is gonna spool up and G's going to pull up oil pressure and temperature are gonna come up and fill flow is gonna come up as well as prop rpm we're looking not to exceed numbers here and we should be good so already everything is clear here we go let me sue this with my right hand so started coming on and she is rising 11 12 13 soap brown Idol that's gonna suck so you can see the props dirty really not make sure ITT doesn't go too high or Angie doesn't get stuck it's gonna stabilize now and then go at it again secondaries are gonna kick in any minute it is your identity there we [Music] all right we have 1460 Nietzsche so we're going to turn on the generator water loading up here 20 volts temperatures coming up so avionics quality honesty Oh we didn't come that's a she ECS goes to the auto position and we would Google of super team now but we're just taxing the plane over so we're going to keep them up so you can see everything is nice top right now there's no weird cause cornered and cabin temperature is 39 degrees Celsius oh that's how you start up a PC 12 I hope you guys enjoyed it if you have any questions please leave them on the comments below and if you liked the video make sure you click that thumbs up button and do subscribe to the channel I'll see you guys next time take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @tyyu8229 [1 likes]: WHEN JAPAN AIRLINES AIRBUS A350-1000 HAD ITS ENGINES STARTED CAPTAIN 👨‍✈️ PUTS THE LEVER TO THE GROUND IDLE POSITION
  2. @maximilianrotondi941 [1 likes]: 4:16 PT6 Engine startup
  3. @kevinc8744: Thank yo for doing this
  4. @Charles-mp2vl: Pro tip- the instructions to start any plane are already IN THE PLANE😂
  5. @citysoundfm: Bro, that was so cool, I actually wish you kept going 😂
  6. @nonamepsycho7535: Scheiß KI!
  7. @realLuisGiordano: Best single turboprop ever
  8. @CSAviationandTransitChannel: The sound of the engine starting is music to my ears.
  9. @ssnider420: I just hold the button left of the Xbox button 😅.  If I ever win the lottery I’ll make sure to buy a PC towel and heavy fly out for me
  10. @colinjames8682: very cool, im so spoiled learning in the NGX
  11. @Keys879: Thanks! I've been flying the NGx and Pro the last several months and got tasked with flying a legacy /45 and wanted to find a refresher of the cockpit layout.
  12. @STERNWAERTS: so the prop unfeathers automatically. when does that happen? after the engine is fully "active" and Ng reaches a certain number?
  13. @akashmanwar6831: Thanks Buddy, Today I will fly the plane.
  14. @biggoomba2066: Hey Shamir, you missed the "CB's" on your pre-start checklist. Always good practise to use your thumb as you progress down the list. That way, you can't skip any items accidentally..
  15. @PedroTalavera-qd8lh: what's going on?
  16. @EchelonIII: Starting flying this in MS2024 recently and absolutely loving it, climb rate is incredible
  17. @tonylam-u1t: After sitting on their back sides for decades, Pratt and Whitney finally have the one button start. They were at least a couple of decades behind their competitors. Then someone else had to develop an auto throttle for the PC12.
  18. @Bozz_Glitter: I got lost anyways 😂
  19. @flytriplenickel: fantastic ! Thank you for sharing!!
  20. @Paziapamanii: Why are we watching this ???

- Day in the Life of a Corporate Pilot | Be my SIC to SLC | Pilatus PC-12 overview | preflight: Kind: captions Language: en come with me as I show you what the life of a part 91 corporate pilot is like hey guys my name is Katie I'm getting ready for my work trip that I have it's going to be the only trip I have this week so I just want to show you the day in the life all the way through pre pre-flight takeoff and climb what the workload looks like what I do when I'm sitting on the ground in between waiting for passengers and basically the whole day so you guys can decide if this is maybe something you want there's a lot of jobs out there in aviation other than the Airlines and if being home every night is important to you and qu life is important then this may be something you're interested in so let me know what you think all right flying ass Salt Lake today we're start with the pre-light make sure the charts are in date these are good till July 12th waiting for the standby to keep aling rest of the pre last time I loaded the charts I think I might have loaded the old ones and the new ones together or it was just kind of finicky because the dates were wrong so now I have it correct I just like redid it and they look that now so once the terrain shows up on the bottom you can go and flip the switch and test the St by four five on then we're waiting for the Eis to load here once it says aligning then we can turn battery one on so it says a lining we're going to flip on battery one and then I like to wait a little bit and get the rest of it loaded [Music] up see how much fuel we got 1100 lb so I'm going to add maybe 1,000 lb of fuel and we're 24 on the batteries right now F pump tests test so that looks correct and then we'll go back to centered and then everybody likes heading up so we have all here F Nord BL there heading Z and then Runway 35 we have remaining about an hour that makes sense they're fueling right now so that's why we keep having fuel imbalance got Salt Lake everything looks good so we'll get the ice and we'll be done okay let's see what is whiskey one R closed that's weird i' never open if they just not like as heading making and expect 2 10 after 125.5 transponder 4310 enter got that got departure in there and ground and so that's everything so we got the clearance in the depart in the uh Adis is whiskey it's 11:01 and people be here 15 minutes so and everything done now we just wait I get to the airplane about an hour before I do a full pre-flight and weather briefing and of Al left Tower Cherokee 61 Julet left traffic for 2 left separ confir left contact round Victor 2 1 1 left for takeoff CLE for take left on auto cast is clear are green air speed is alive take off power set 80 KN set a speed of 130 which is our V little wi there okay positive right no Runway remaining up on they're off it was just a little bumpy on the climb out out of Boise but honestly a beautiful day weatherwise overall up 100 flaps up bumpy contact turn left left turn direct Roar is clear left got 140 on the speed now three two back SE here direct activate and now over that little Cloud layer so it's starting to Out close 3,000 above the ground right ACS bleed is on auto power is set enges are all correct and instruments monitoring rotated brakes Landing here is up damp is on flaps are zero AC lights are off ice protection is probes onl right now autopilot is off still I tend to hand fly through at least 10,000 F feet just so I don't get rusty and I also just like to Roar and 16,000 ft it's so beautiful today love the mountain ACS bleed is on auto heav pressure looks correct it's coming up accurately engine instruments all good for the climb reest helicop request vict R 262 Victor Alpha 30 1 0 pration looks good Sky West 3379 is 182 on the with whiskey 3 apprach Al 9 or expect visual approach to 28 3379 morning Big Sky Sky West 3464 16,600 desending via the saddle whiske reest reest oh God 33 approach their left it seemed pretty busy out of Boise obviously there was a lot of flight training going on there's a big school that does helicopter Flight Training near this area so I think a lot of them were up today contact turn left direct High Southwest 430 3 contact 8 mil South Thea airport altitude 5100 Roger maintain VFR proceed VI you can join the I'll be unable to allow you to join the final do traffic demand in Boise maintain 65 Zulu turn right heading 360 360 6 warm up here two Victor Al desc below 6 500 traffic 9 and a mile south indicates 5,500 they should 34 have stop maintain 84 contct Salt Lake Central 128.0 128 correction it's 118.0 18 okay we'll try to do it when we get to [Applause] ble contact apprach 26 N 26.9 2710 1 Center 15,100 climing 16, M FL main FL I filed for 25,000 which is sometimes better when it starts to get a little stormy so you can maybe get a little bit higher above maybe some ice but today it really wasn't bad and around 20,000 ft I really didn't need to go much higher so I just called and asked them to stay at about 23,000 which was plenty altitude for this flight 29 44 Lake CER we just stop the clim at 23 thank you clim main flight level two 3ed 25 is a little high I thought it might be getting stormy by this point but it's really not so we are good if we go all the way 25 usually it's a longer climb this is a one hour flight so 23 is PL through 18 there's Smith's Prairie airport it's a really good easy Back Country strip so Smith's Prairie right there you can that is a really easy good beginner Back Country strip really long big open space around it pretty fun one Beau all and we're climbing through 19,0 820 is our Max continuous it so we're starting to get to that so I'm just crack cracking it back a little bit 22 climbing 23 yes sir did forget to check on with you here we are at 26 for set up so we're going to do the fair five arrival we're also going to do our 29 for traffic l000 I just go in here and I read my notem and I Mark out what's closed on the taxiways one safety outstander tax he six North CL so I got all those done so then on my taxi chart I have everything marked off in red that is closed which is not a whole lot for us today we're probably going to be on 35 we're probably going to go kilo 4 kilo to Signature we'll see so the nice thing about Theus is everything's kind of here grab have it set already here check the weather in Salt Lake 3 4 at 9 variable 3 360 they're probably Landing to the north 10 miles of visibility few at 40,000 scattered at 65 scattered at 22 temperature is 13 two point is one 30 0 1 0 so we kind of get an idea what it's looking like there but we're just kind of cruising along we've already verified all of our points on the arrival I don't have an approach in yet but um do have the ver five from byi uh and I put Runway 35 in I'm pretty sure they're land to the north but now we're just kind of hanging out the North Landing there at Salt Lake Cross 5000 atake optimer is 3011 311 cross at 15,000 plus be at1 three enter verify apply activate and then I'm going set 15 in the tape have Computing and that's corrected 283 contact Salt Lake Center 13577 135 L okay so let's hope we get on Runway 35 because the taxi won't be a nightmare 997 I got 1200 about 6 approach and 13 safety area 4.5 localizer that in there 44 77 is our mint put 4480 looks like I got1 I prob on light that's all we can do for now there is Salt Lake Dela 2878 maintain LEL 21 waiting on gear they'll probably give us 35 but they said expect 3 four left so we'll have that approach up after dying we're going to go to heading a one 60 we' got that in there so let's go to our plates ILS for three four left we'll just have that up if we need it which I doubt they normally switch us to 35 because it's just like a pain to taxi from uh other way going to go around this by heading 14 Z the vector to the down heading 14 Z always a lot of ice in those cumul clouds at these temperatures we're heading one going down to 12,000 ft we don't need the arrival anymore 1 to go there come Thea like bumps Delta 2878 red speed to 210 contact approach 12.7 257 Speed 2 Z Delta 28 28 I got the airport airport that way he can give me the visual whenever he wants that's so beautiful in here so beautiful do you want 138 Hotel can we get left for building guys 13 Hotel standby 13 left for departures redu speed to 210 contact approach 1257 all right uh slow to 210 context approach 25.7 Sky West 138 Hotel turn right heading 160 right turn 16075 ahead I guess I saw some build up in the downwind there they're about 13 miles ahead of you 1000 okay thank you if we could get lower we just get below it but it's not a big deal either way lower now all the departures leav in Salt Lake westbound turn right heading 165 right turn 165 it's going to be bumpy maintain contact approach 25.7 1,200 assed approach charer Runway 34 today all right we'll expect uh 34 left Plus that sucks 2878 turn left 070 070 2878 28 78 800A 12:00 5 mil North 9,600 80008 288 2878 have airport 9:00 and one 2878 2878 turn left 0 1 Z to left joint clear vis 3 left 2878 traffic off R and ahead 8,800 and he'll be for the right you're for the left descend and maintain 900,000 main 900,000 this taxi is going to be a freaking nightmare Hotel maintain 7,000 well that sucks sorry sky3 Hotel maintain 7,000 maintain 7 138 Hotel 28 78 nor speed Tower 13265 325 is available if you'd like maintain 8000 maintain 8000 and we would like 35 yes Sky 138 Hotel turn left hting 360 intercept 34 left localizer turn left 34 36 intercept 34 localizer 13 Hotel approach 3 left left SK 13 main 18 3 48 000 10,000 183 is in there 21 enter cool got that ground to join the LDA for Runway 35 left turn 0 L for 13 Hotel contct 13.65 3265 Sky 138 hot 48 ner ner maintain 6,500 main 6,500 Plus 65 is set November 1157 XR L approach navigation 31 you have airport still fting up 0 1 0 join Final Approach 35 track the local 0 1 to join final thir with the visual only 35 Vol track the localizer cool who1 continue is x 38 turn left 070 left heading 0 70 3 4 speed Tower 18.3 normal speed Tower coake on the visual Runway 35 track Lake Runway two 165 all right gear is down to go autopilot off we clear the land got the lights and that was I'm sorry 43 73 thank you departure from the East ramp will be at J risk remain East ofu a kilo cleared out across airspace be I5 South below 5000 all right gears down flaps 15 c 7 this is Runway 35 we're clear to land 73 contact down 73 traffic 11 to 10:00 and half miles indicated 6,000 appears to be southbound about a mile and a half east of I5 right right Kil to the r ground flaps are ups are three green light size protection and radar all right we got some ground dudes waving so it's about 1:15 everybody's got their Runner cars I put the fuel order in and everything like that so I'm going to go get some lunch and then normally on these longer sits I like to find a gym and I usually do like a Planet Fitness thing cuz they have free um passes every 3 months so I usually do that and I brought some clothes and everything so I'll get my whole workout done um like to be done tonight when I get home so I will let you know what I find to eat in Salt Lake this place is called toasters and it was so good they had a variety of sandwiches and salads and things like that and then I actually went back to the FBO after this and took a nap and then woke up and went for a run instead of going to the gym so no gym this time it's so pretty out I'm about to go for a run I I'm going to try to do like 40 minutes I kind of like to run for time rather than distance I don't know why it's just like mentally easier so probably going to do like a run for 40 minutes maybe like run walk just kind of a recovery day cuz I did a pretty heavy leg day yesterday and I'm really sore but if you're sore and like if you take another day off if you don't really work left G it out so kind of need to move today even though I don't really want too um but I'm doing it and it's beautiful so it should be nice so that was a nice little easy run I did 3 miles just on the road like outside of the FBO and I tried to like keep my heart rate down actually like I try to do heart rate zones on recovery days so I did walk a little bit but it's really nice out the sun is shining got some vitamin D and I have about an hour and a half until we leave so I like to kind of get out do a walk or a run or something when I have these long sits cuz kind of wakes me up before the passengers get here so um signature actually has showers and everything which is really nice so I'm going to go change and then I will go back to the plane so I've got about an hour and 10 minutes until people show up I'm just pulling up for flight reloading my charts and making sure everything's downloaded and making sure the flight plan is filed checking odems and weather one last time so the pack function just basically downloads charts so you can access them in Flight okay so I have the flight sent to my chart here and then I'm going to check my notem some more time for Salt Lake make sure there's nothing new from when I came in earlier looks like it's all the same so I will do the same for Boise and it looks like it's all the same as it was check the weather back into Boise looks like it's going to be pretty nice until tonight when we have a front moving through and then there'll be a little bit of a storm pretty windy the next day so we're going to be landing at about 8:00 p.m. so kind of in this window right here which looks really good and over to Salt Lake check the weather current weather 340 at 7 so we're probably using the north facing Runway still which will be nice cuz it's a short taxi and then it's just going to be beautiful all the way through 8:00 when we take off I also have airm segments and tfrs up and I like to just check the whole area there's really nothing going on we're kind of in a like really nice section right here where we have no adverse weather so radar is pulling up you can also do like this Cloud function and go up to the altitude you're at I filed for 22,000 ft so there's nothing going on really this should be a pretty nice flight so I just got the clearance I'm going to program the FMS and then I'm just waiting on passengers they texted me that they're about 25 minutes out so I'm going to probably just sit it on the batteries for a bit it should be fine the pla does pretty good with holding battery life I ran into another metac pilot named Warren out of Salt Lake and this Mr her taxi haven't heard yet kind cool the sunset and golden hour this evening was absolutely incredible and I'm so glad that the video captured it so you guys can see how pretty it was flying out of Salt Lake so I just finished up the paperwork wri down how much fuel we use distances 581 5,900 CL 9 foring radar cont 14000 resum appar me too my bad this night1 um it's a pretty good life so I will fly this one and then I'll fly one other flight this week and that's my whole week that's pretty standard um you know everybody has pros and cons of whether they want to go to an airline or do corporate or whatever the case may be but what I love about Aviation is there's just so many options and we're whatever your priorities are you can find something that is a good quality of life for you so I love this job I'm super super grateful for it um it's an amazing company and love all the people I work with and it has a really really good quality of life so if you're looking for that and to be home every night pretty much every night and have a really good work life balance you know there's some stuff to be found in contact 125 1255 approach 17 7 17000 information juli Big Sky approach maintain 1 1 11,000 are you looking for approach or just the visual maintain 100 theual visual visual down to 11 all right 11,000 is set a little bit a little too bright all right we have adus Julia we give that viice protection is probes on light right now prop on so as far as checklist goes I have a lot of flows that I do just like airline pilots do I have flows and call outs and all kinds of other things that are not procedure but just something I've kind of picked up over the years um it is part 91 so none of that's required but um this was me just kind of verifying with the checklist just kind of for your benefit to know really not much ice at all tonight just very thin layers of clouds big approach Horizon 234 174 descending theay we have Julius 2304 big SC what a br you look for the Zulu 10 Left Right 234 Jimmy clear AR Zulu right approach at Jimmy cleared arav hor3 today was a beautiful day for flying in both H Lake and Boise so thanks for watching I hope you enjoy tagging along in the day in the life of a corporate part 91 pilot there's a lot of options out there in aviation so thanks for checking this one out hope it helps

  Top Comments:
  1. @irideaduck939 [1 likes]: In SLC check out Red Iguana for great Mexican food and Takashi for amazing sushi!
  2. @markgoodley2450 [1 likes]: Very Nice Vid/TY... 😊 Questions... How much does a PC12 driver make/yr?  U fly for only one co. or ru independent?  The questions are relevant as a 12 Pro is being ordered...(been waiting for the  3000 12)...We  will b looking for a CFII... Where did you go to get this job?  Is there an online board?
  3. @ady9910: I live in Salt lake city but commute to east coast. This is the kind of pilot life I want.
  4. @dpj9421: Hi Kaity, does your company take in foreigners?
  5. @Walkabout0908: Request you find a way to lower the volume on the ATC chatter and keep your audio well above all that irrelevant talk.
  6. @CPinSRQ: Ms Kaity, kudos to you! the stand out of this video for me was your sincerity, love of life and seeking balance. You may be a novice at YouTube from what I read, however, all your good qualities surpass that tenfold my best to you and your career.
I am retired now, however, I truly vicariously. Enjoyed your video. 
The Old Guy
  7. @animallover7072: Do you use math when flying planes like these ? 
I was told by the flight school in my city that i have to know arithmetic, algebra and geometry to be a pilot.
  8. @animallover7072: In this video, you said that you like to fly the plane manually when you’re around 10,000 feet and under so you don’t get rusty if i remember correctly. 

Do airline pilots fly using autopilot most of the time ? So, are they getting rusty when they use autopilot a lot ?
  9. @animallover7072: 6:57 ; 26:26 ; 27:06 ; 27:50 i enjoy watching pilots fly in the cockpit. 
It’s motivating.
  10. @michealchick3272: how does one get into something like this??
  11. @mediocre_moto: Excellent video, really interesting to see some of the process behind the cockpit door! I found the auto-generated subtitles super confusing with the radio chatter 🙃
  12. @Prachka1: What is the process of getting to corporate….
  13. @LaCrepe_: Thanks for sharing, but please get rid of thise subtitle style. Its too snappy, impossible to read.
  14. @juancamilosotopayares2811: Nice!
  15. @makishimujet: I really start to like a coprorate pilot lifestyle
  16. @randydenson4805: Hi Kaity, great video.  I have a 17 yo son that wants to start his training and pretty much donit the same way you did. We are local here to the Boise area (Meridian).  Would you ever give it some thought to be a mentor to a 17 yo that wants to follow a similar path as you.  He does not want to go the airline route and would like to build hours and eventually go corporate.   Would love to find a sort of mentor locally for him.
  17. @FlywithbrianNV: those captions are brutal
  18. @GlennBoth: Voice was very hard to hear.  Music was not needed
  19. @nickp4785: Great video but captions are incredibly distracting. Just a tip, maybe not that color and don’t next time have it essentially be “typed” as you talk.
  20. @TGAV8: Awesome stuff.

- WALKTHROUGH | Pilatus PC-12 Before Start Flow (Legacy): Kind: captions Language: en welcome back everyone this will be the before start flow in the dc-12 if you didn't check out the receiving flow video we would have done that first I'll link to that here so you can check it out that's the first video in this playlist so the before start flow is done as soon as the passengers and the bags are loaded in the chalks are pulled the doors are closed and we're ready to start the engine up and get going so the first thing I'm going to do is make sure that my seat belts fastened my shoulder harnesses are on I'm going to adjust my Rudder pedals down here with this hand crank to make sure that they're where I want them and then come over here to my Eis that's this box right here that's the engine indicating system that has all of our engine instruments on it and I'm going to check with this test button the eights and tape so if I press that you'll see all the eights light up and all the tapes range to full and I'm just checking all the LCD segments to make sure nothing's burned out so that looked good and then I'm going to press this fuel reset button right here and in the real airplane you have to hold this down for two or three seconds in the Sim it's just a quick push and that will reset the fuel totalizer so it'll take a new snapshot or sensor reading of the left and the right tanks right here and update our quantity so this is showing the fuel level on the left and the right tanks also the total quantity with both tanks combined right here in pounds 1360 pounds and then this will also reset our fuel used in pounds right here to zero so I'm just updating the reading and I want to check two things one that I have enough fuel on board for the the flight based on my flight planning I would know how much fuel I needed plus Reserve so I'm making sure I have sufficient fuel on board right here and then I also want to check the fuel balance so we don't want to take off in the pc12 with more than three of these LCD segments of disparity between the two tanks if we have a greater fuel imbalance than that our lateral CG would not be such that we would want to take off so in that case we would just add fuel to the low tank to even them up so these are nice and even we've got 1360 pounds on board we'll just pretend that that's enough for our flight today the fuel used is a zero since the engine isn't running that all looks good and then I'm going to check my cause down here to make sure that we don't have any door open lights those would be warning lights which means they would be red so no red lights no door open lights were good on that and then I'm going to turn around back here and for whatever reason Coronado did not model the oxygen mask in here so you'll have to take my word for this but in the real airplane there's an oxygen mask right here on this wall and on the bottom of that mask there's a red button that says test and I would press that button and hear a hiss of oxygen come out of the mask and that's just letting me know the mask has good pressure and there is oxygen running to it and then I'm going to scroll down here and you can't see it but behind the seat there is a switch called the passenger oxygen switch and it has three settings off auto and on and I want to make sure that switch is in auto and that switch controls the passenger oxygen masks in the back we want it in Auto so that if we do lose pressurization in Flight that decompression will automatically trigger those masks to turn on so oxygen will start flowing to those masks and the back automatically without me having to flip that switch and those masks in the back are continuous flow and then once that's done we're going to come up here and check our battery voltage and again we want to make sure that the batteries for start are at least 24 volts and as you can see here we only have 23.9 because I've been horsing around in the sim a little bit I've also noticed that the draw on the batteries in the Sim is unrealistically fast the batteries don't really wear down this fast in real life so in this case we would not actually want to start the engine since we have less than 24 volts but since the Sim isn't modeled correctly in here we're just going to pretend like that says at least 24 volts so we can start the engine up but just a quick note on this with lead acid batteries keep in mind that even a tenth of a discharge on the battery is significant so this isn't like your iPhone battery where you know 24 volts is 100 and 12 volts is 50 percent if you get down to 23.7 or 23.6 volts that is a significant discharge on the on the battery so a little goes a long way in terms of the the reading here for discharge so again we'll just pretend that these say 24 volts or more for the start and then I would turn on my beacon to let anybody outside the airplane know we're about to turn the prop and start the engine up and then uh I would clear the area around the airplane make sure we're not going to have any uh any fatalities on the ramp today we don't want anyone near that prop at all so we do have a marshall out there in the Sim today I'm just going to clear left forward and right he's far enough away ordinarily this truck probably wouldn't really be in front of the airplane like that but it's far enough away we're not going to hurt anything and when I'm ready to start the engine I would stick my hand up and the windshield and spin my finger around and that would let the Marshall know that I'm ready to start the engine and if it looked clear around the propeller area to him he would point at me and spin his finger around back to let me know that I'm cleared to start and then I would come up here and press and hold the starter button for at least two seconds to engage the starter so I'm going to do that in a second but I'm just going to talk you through the start sequence first because it happens too fast for me to talk while it's actually happening so as soon as I engage the starter I'm checking for several things first thing I want to see is oil pressure Rising right here doesn't have to be in the green range it just has to be alive we don't want to turn the engine without oil circulating obviously we could damage it pretty quickly so we just want to make sure the oil is rising oil pressure that is is rising the second thing is I want to look up here at my ITT to make sure that it's below 150 for start before I light it off which means introduce fuel so today this is a cold start so you can see the ITT is at 20 degrees because the engine has not been running so we're well below 150 obviously today but on a quick turn if we had just been running the engine for a while this might be above 150 in which case we would need to motor that temperature down before we introduced fuel so I do have a separate video about the start sequence on the pc12 that I'll link to here if you want to check that out and that video is just completely devoted to um to starting the engine the next thing we want to check for out here is that the propeller is turning and that just lets me know that I didn't forget to take off the prop anchors and that that propeller is turning freely and then as soon as we get here to 13 NG minimum I can light off the engine by moving the condition lever down here into ground idle now ideally we want to let the engine actually motor up a little bit higher than 13 percent typically it will Top out between 18 and 20 percent NG and the higher we can get that RPM before we introduce fuel the cooler the start so it's better on the engine to wait till the NG is a little bit higher than the minimum so as soon as we get maximum rpm out of the starter we'll go ahead and introduce fuel down here with the condition lever move that into ground idle and then I'm checking first for my fuel flow right here to make sure that's normal fuel flow is the first indication of a hot start so I want to make sure this says 80 or 90 pounds per hour and the real airplane in the Sim I think it's closer to like 130 or 40 something like that it's a little bit higher than it is in real life and then I'm checking to make sure that the ITT is not Rising faster than normal so we don't want to see this skyrocketing up again that's a sign of a hot start and we would want to take the condition lever all the way back to feather cut off immediately so we didn't torch the engine and then I'm also checking that the NG is rising steadily as well so I'm checking for a hot start here on the Itt and a hung start here on the NG and then as soon as the NG gets up to 50 percent the starter will cut out automatically the ITT will stabilize and then the NG should stabilize right around 63 percent and the roller plane I think it's like 61 or 62 percent in the Sim here and then we have a good start all right so without further Ado let's do it so the Beacon's on again we'll clear left forward and right spin the finger around clear to start and then I'm going to press the starter button down again in the real airplane I would hold that for at least two seconds oil pressure is rising ITT below 150 and G is rising prop is turning it's topping out about 17 18 and come down here introduce fuel ground idle and then I'm checking fuel flow yeah 157 ITT is rising normally and G is rising [Music] normal rates so again checking for hot start here hung start here 50 make sure the starter cuts out it did the it2 did not normally go quite this high in the real airplane now it's stable and Eng is stable 62.1 percent 62 right there so that is a good start you can see the oil pressure is now in the green the temperature is coming up we've got torque the propeller RPM will come up to about 1700 RPM and we've got a good start so at this point I would come up and uh do my after start flow and don't forget as well I didn't mention before but before I actually started the engine I would run through my paper before start checklist just to make sure I didn't miss anything in the flow so tune in next time guys I'll run through the after start flow and checklist and the before taxi flow as well that's normally combined into one and then we'll taxi out and take off and go from there all right thanks for watching guys leave me your questions in the comments as always and I'll see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @flywithliban7916 [1 likes]: Love your pc12 videos, about to star pc12 training soon 🙏
  2. @thbergseng [1 likes]: I would love to see an XP video about setting takeoff thrust. I saw your cockpit video of it, but I struggle in X-Plane. I use way too much time on setting it, and I often over torque it. This is with the REP package :)
  3. @charlie_sierra1 [1 likes]: I fell in love with this bird ever since i started following your videos. Quality content
  4. @megacode2: These videos are great. I just started learning the Carenado - REP model in XPlane 11 and your videos are just what I needed. Thank you!
  5. @NateJ: Is there any public source material for these flows? Id love to practice and learn them.
  6. @KiwiSimPilot: Hi Gene. Love the PC12. Cant wait for Sim Works Studios to release theirs soon. Apparently its with Pilatus now giving it their endorsement before release. Would love to see you do a video with your thoughts on it when its released. At only 30 euros it will be money well spent. SWS have quality products like the Kodiak 100.
  7. @michaelfernandez5455: Below the Pilot's altimeter is a DME N1/N2 switch that isn't modeled in this game. How does this button work?
  8. @jerrycummings2657: Good job Gene! Nice tutorial.
  9. @alfamikebravo: Hey Gene! Great video, Is it the Carenado PC12? If so, What do you think of it? Do you have a review video?
  10. @thegreatbeast663: Another great one.
  11. @pnw9957: Great stuff, thanks!

- Time to Climb in the 2024 DAHER TBM 960 - N960Z | FOR SALE: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hey guys Jesse Adams here thanks for joining on have my brokerage Mason Amelia I'm down in South Texas to present this 2024 TBM 960 November 960 Zulu with under 200 flight hours since new Factory warranties through February 2029 and the allnew pt6 E 66 XT so I can't wait to tell you more about this plane let's take it for a spin stay tuned for our coming listing oh all right so here we go we're going to start up November 960 Zulu so the ease of operation is fantastic uh you don't have to worry about hot starts this plane will ensure that it doesn't add fuel until the it is at a good temperature to start it will do the automatic drrive motoring it's pretty amazing all right Nick well cool so we'll take it away so the first thing with the fadec is that um once you have everything uh your engine mode goes to run then the uh the Garmin 3000 will say engine ready so basically that's telling us that the fedek and the computer ready to monitor the start so our next move there is to go to the start button and we hold it for 2 seconds um and here we go feet on The Brak set break set we are clear the prop and we hold that for one two we let it go and now we have starting so the the computer is now taking over the start we're going to watch our parameters and just be there with the computer but we'll also if something were to happen a hot start or H start it would abort before we'd even be able to so here on your cast panel you can see that you know we have ignition um we're watching our vaults and there's our It First Flight of the day Nic and cool under 6 50 c even though it's ice at plus 21 on the ground it's a hot day correct and so now once once the star stabilizes the gust from the it switches to a torque um now our prop is going to come out of feather um and once our prop comes all the way out of feather we'll have a good start um we can get our AC movement there that's a necessity in South Texas hey guys we were talking earlier Jesse Adams here with Nick yep Nicholas pennel in the TBM 960 today so uh what what we're going to do is we're going to demo this incredible plane come to Market exclusively with Mason Amilia it's November 960 Zulu it's a 2024 TBM 960 it's absolutely pristine in fact the Doner they just took delivery earlier this year but uh their their mission's changing they're stepping into something probably a little bigger uh what's total time on this one nick uh so we can get you an exact right here the total time is 182.5 and they come delivered from France with about 40 hours on them so um we've put 130 hours on it since April um really loved every single hour of it um like you said our missions changing a little bit uh you know the guy I I fly for um he's got a big family and he does a lot of hunting trips with a lot of big coolers and Equipment um so we're looking to to step it up a little bit but um for all intensive purposes this is uh an incredible bird and it's the most efficient uh turbo prop you can buy for the speed you can get um so uh yeah man it'll treat someone real good that's for sure absolutely so we went over the start sequence and what we're going to do now is we did a basic round robin I our flight plan we're going to see what the time to climb is flight level 280 how do you normally climb this in r and how are you going to climb it today Nick yeah so a normal Cruise climb um you know it varies it depends on the person flying it you know passengers in the back sometimes don't like a super Steep and aggressive climb angle so uh a pretty normal climb speed Cruise climbs 150 knots indicated um today we're going to do 124 um for a Max climb angle um so as soon as we lift off about 85 knots we're going to maintain a 124 knots all the way up to uh to 270 or Carlos will Carlos should be okay with that uh he will be consistently looking at the air speed indicator for sure just like I was the first time I set in the back okay so well we have an iarm flight on uh flight plan on file we are going to pick it up in the air uh with Houston um and so we're going to go ahead and taxi to Runway 16 here and uh depart to the west and I'll tell you this uh this 3D taxi is incredible pretty amazing yeah so this this is the g3000 suite right here another cool feature on this this throttle quadrant so with the the fadec or the epex as they call it um my feet are not on the brakes at all we are rolling a little bit cuz we're on a hill um but basically once you come into flight idle here you know you add a little bit of throttle come to this flight idle stop um your prop you know pretty basically goes into like a ground find mode um which simulates Beta And so you don't ever have to go into a beta to taxi as soon as you go to idle on this airplane it comes to a stop and you can taxi this airplane um like any piston and so it's actually a very very easy airplane to taxi because when in the 850 or 9900 is what happens when you come to a stop sometimes you'll bring it just right over the gate exactly to stop it yeah otherwise you'll taxi at 30 knots yeah so you really the the brake usage in this airplane is at a minimum um because that also helps you on your Landing um on your Landing roll as soon as you get weight on Wheels and that that uh throttle quadrant goes to uh flight idle you get that kind of beta ground ground find mode U let make a radio call here K traffic at a TBM we're texting Runway 16 from Theo and uh you rarely rarely ever have to go into uh reverse into this airplane I think we've done it maybe twice just to see what it was like talk just a little bit about this field but it's a relatively short it is 3,2 yeah um which this airplane does no problem um you know at gross weight this airplane does about 1,800 ft takeoff roll um and then if you want to do a over a 50t obstacle it's about 2,600 ft um so it's it's no problem at all on the takeoff roll and the landing um it's just under a th000 if you really really nail it um actually Nick one feature we really want to talk about so this plane does not have the 606d engine it has the pt6 pt6 E 66 XT engine which is uh due to the epex uh which is the engine and propeller electronic control U which does a lot a couple things I mean it does a lot of things but the things that you're most aware of is the throttle that you have no prop you have no condition lever so if you want Power it's just like a jet you add power you take away power Just Right to that right to the firewall yep so so I was going to mention in my experience with the TBM 850s you really have to watch your twer on takeoff you have to watch that so if you don't mind nick uh I'll put you on spot if you could give us a takeoff briefing and then we'll follow along and and see if this plane lives up to that performance sure so we're going to be in a left seat standard Day Drive takeoff here in the TBM 960r takeoff roll today is going to be about 1,600 feet at at our weight which we are pretty light we only have 100 gallons on board three people um or three souls and so um we're going to expect to be off by the t- hangers um if we're not at rotation speed or just uh below it by uh right before the Tangers we're going to go ahead and abort um uh rotation speeds 85 knots and then once we rotate and get a positive rate gear comes up 115 knots the flats go uh up and then we will climb out 124 knots so this power lever you're just going to put it it goes It goes all the way full so basically it it's not like a uh yeah like you said you have to really watch your rtts and your torqus you can over torque pt6 um but this airplane you can't over torque you can't hurt this Engine with this throttle quad so you're just going to focus outside where your tension correct so once you once you start that movement of the throttle it's all the way forward um you do just have one consistent power movement all the way forward and your uh epex will will manage your torque it'll manage your fuel it'll manage your prop and give you the power that you asked for um and it's on demand Kennedy traffic TBM 960 Zulu departing Runway 16 Kennedy all right here we go so we're clear to the right we're clear to the left here in a second once I swing it around so we'll line up here come to a stop and you'll see once I once I introduce the power power's all the way so here we go so power's coming props going to kind of come out of that beta mode there there you go power set to full and so power set Power is met and oil pressure oil temperature in the green we got one good engine we are 60 knots for 85 knots working for Center Line and there's 85 we go ahead and launch right off the Runway here positive right P brakes gears coming up and we're going to shoot for 124 knots so we're doing uh 2900 ft per minute right now 124 ech Del contact San An apprach pass 17,500 minutes into so that's some great climate performance again we're we're light we know that really light yep but uh but this is something you can see I mean uh we we consistently fly out of a 3 200 fo strip at gross weight no problem Direct in that then capture so we look at our scoreboard here so we're we're climbing on GPS mode we have Auto bot y damp Auto throttles on WE flight level changed to 124 knots um so it's going to maintain that uh our inert SE goes off at 10,000 which gives us the are some power back all right so there's one to go They're not going to clear straight up to 270 sadly so we're not going to get a a perfect time to climb but we will uh we'll do our best no this is great so once we get upstairs we'll level it off and within you know 5 S minutes we could see what you'll do true air speed it's all based on ISO we correct Isa plus 16 it's still uh pretty darn hot down here in Texas all right so we're going to do a little little slingshot here so um he gave us 230 or 210 we're 170 indicated I set FMS climb which is 124 for a Max climb so that's GNA that's going to give us that 2,000 ft uh shoot pretty pretty fast yeah yeah probably another thing that we'll be able to see here is you know sometimes you don't want to do that kind of slingshot at high altitude because it takes you so long to rebuild that indicated air speed um but you know at 230 in this airplane it won't it won't hardly take us any any time at all cuz we're still going to be doing 95% torque so we're on to our climb I know it's not sustained but look at the feet per minute we were up to 40 900 ft we did a little bit of slingshot there and you'll see as we drop down and capture 124 knots we only got 1,000 ft more to go so we had to level off twice and we're capturing 27,000 ft in 12 minutes um we's probably spent a minute or two or or a little bit more leveled off kind of talk to controllers working out altitudes um so as we capture this 27,000 ft um this FMS mode on the auto throttles is going to capture Max Cruz which is just as much power as possible um there you go you can see it on the scoreboard there we're at Max Cruz um we're alt cap it 2 70 while we're up here guys uh I want to talk to you about some distinct features that I'm noticing as we accelerate here in this 960 so for for one uh like Nick just said we've just leveled off at 270 this is our final uh we are quickly accelerating correct me if I'm wrong here Nick but FMS mode when the autop pod's engaged and the auto throttles are engaged that'll sequence your climb so you know the indicated air speed you're climbing at depending on altitude correct uh you have Max econ or Max Cruise so you have different settings here correct um Isa plus 11 if we were in a tbm850 we we would probably be maybe about 3 three knots you might see 305 in the middle of summer here but this right here wow we're doing we're still accelerating slowly we're at 350 knots so 315 true which is incredible 315 true at 66 gallons hour- which is great if we took this all the way up to 3108 wow yeah that's a little more efficient hey hey here's some trivia since you're a TBM 960 guy all right how many horses does this have did they this uh pt6 e66 XT is pushing out 895 shaft horsepower um which really helps us achieve that 93% torque at 27,000 feet we're crossing 320 knots true so you know a comparable uh aircraft for instance if you're in a a PC2 which is really in a different category of an airplane uh but you're doing 290 on your on one of some of your fastest days um depending on a Tailwind yeah look at that but we're we're we're pretty much faster than uh than a lot of competitors with the 30 not headwind um okay so let's talk about the weather radar yeah so that's that that is probably one of the biggest reasons people will go to a 960 is the weather radar itself and so um this is a GMX 8000 weather radar and the the thing that really sells it is that it's fully automated as pretty much everything in this airplane is um you know it's foolproof so to go to the radar all we got to do is go to the radar settings and then hit Auto and then that's it I hit Auto it'll Auto initialize it'll Auto tilt it'll Auto Range it'll auto scan it'll Auto gain um calibrate gain um so you can see up here on the MFD it's showing Auto initialization so once that done um and there we go so so with with this what's incred there's a technique you want to start painting the ground then tilt up to eliminate the ground clutter it's a process it's a big process this right here you get a picture that's on par with looking at the My Radar app on your phone you just turn it on it initializes and you let it go all right guys short little demo flight again we went up to flight level 270 to see Max performance perance of this TBM 960 now granted 280 I think would be the fastest altitude in this plane but we were up to 318 true air speed Isa plus 12 so th this thing's an absolute Beast we were only burning 66 gallons to get the boss there quickly which is really nice so we're already into our descent if you don't mind I'd love to hear just a little bit of your story so you're relatively young guy I don't even think you're 30 yet but you've flown a lot of turbin jets um you're from Vero yeah so I'm from Fort Pierce Florida started off as a flight instructor then worked my way into survey bird 310 RS 320s um from there I started flying captain on a a charter in a sess of 441 Conquest 2s and then uh after that was done I flew Hawker Jets Hawker 800 and 850 XPS when contracted on the side so Nick here he's a professional pilot with this plane so this plane again it's professionally flown so while Nick has worked his way up we do want to share um coming from a serus and a lot of my clients come from there you have a very familiar GFC 700 autopilot there's a blue level button which is terrific it has that on here it has the new radio management units with a g3000 uh the landing gear illuminates if you saw that when we took off so a lot of safety features and the big thing moving into a turbine is turbine engine management that's a huge thing of huge importance but the fedek makes it easy and WorryFree startup is 2 seconds on the uh starter you release it does everything when you take off it's like a jet you just go firewall forward you get to focus your attention outside where it should be uh as we climbed up we didn't have to worry about our pressurization it sets it from what's on your scoreboard in the uh PFD and then it knows the field elevation at our Landing airport so again this is just such a sweet machine so TBM November 960 Zulu it's coming to Market exclusively withon Amelia less than 190 hours total since new it's a 2024 with the remainder of the 5year warranty happy to tell you all about it if you like what you see be sure to like subscribe and join my channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @whitnk [19 likes]: I’m not a pilot and have only been in small planes occasionally- but I’m hypnotized by this plane!  What a gorgeous machine!
  2. @Vpmags [5 likes]: Excellent combination up front.   Hit a lot of the key topics a prospective owner - operator needs to know.
  3. @bwmcelya [4 likes]: A friend of mine just bought a 960.  Looking forward to a flight with her, after the ground/air training hours (about 25).  If your boss wants to knock around the back country, how about a Pilatus?  Nice TBM ad.  Somebody will buy it.
  4. @6582rg [4 likes]: The perfect plane.
  5. @mcmouse92 [2 likes]: If I won the lottery...
  6. @rightsideclyde1398 [2 likes]: Flew in one of these from Boise to Seattle.  What an awesome plane.
  7. @Klaus_san [2 likes]: How much is the fish?
  8. @jaylerman7864 [2 likes]: It's gorgeous 😍
  9. @pkpk-mu5cp [1 likes]: Hi Pilot 6 feets tall   have confortable  head room ? Is amazing mashine!
  10. @All.Fathers [1 likes]: I just recently got my pilot license and I was curious how long would it take for me to transition into this plane from a Cessna to a cirrus and into a TBM? In terms of hours
  11. @jamesunger8433 [1 likes]: TBM is top of my list of must have A/C....I am just about 4 million short of getting one in my "driveway"!  Lol.  Still one can dream! Oh, and ummm I had to laugh at your expense on the mis-pronounced: Turban!   Sorry can't help myself. Still you got the sweet ride in the right seat. Not me! So a little bit of green envy!
  12. @ClovesPessoa-m3u [1 likes]: Só falta um paraqueda balisco 😂
  13. @chrissullivan4496: Little bit better than my beach craft
  14. @nicbaeten: Deze kan zelfs in Hoevenen (Belgium) landen op een grasveld.
  15. @MSneberger: Awesome bird but I just cannot get over five million dollars for a plane with no bathroom.
  16. @isago3000: Cuánto vale esa máquina ?
  17. @alexpinto4118: O único ponto negativo é esse  Radar na asa do Comandante, essa asa deve ficar limpa e o radar na asa direita.
  18. @howardbuttinski: Tks.
  19. @Hogger280: Fun to dream about but probably only 0.01% of your viewers could afford one and I think that is generous.
  20. @evydaemon: Shut up and take my money 😂

- Inside the Daher TBM 960 – Full Tour: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] D continues to improve the TBM turbo prop family and today reveals the latest generation the TBM 960 at the Sun and Fun Expo in Le Clan Florida the TBM 960 replaces the TBM 940 in the daher lineup and offers multiple improvements over the prior model easa certification of the 960 is already in hand while FAA approval is pending it said in today's video we're going to show you inside this amazing $5 million TBM 960 so without any further Ado let's begin with a new model dahar TBM family is now offered in two versions The TBM 910 and 960 the plane is equipped with Garmin g3000 avionics a new feature according to the aircraft manufacturer the 960s maximum Cruise speed is 330 KT 6111 kmph and IT service ceiling is 31,000 ft an economical cruising speed of 252 knots the 960s range is 1730 nautical miles 3,24 km says dier an optional Prestige cabin package UPS the price to about $4.8 million and adds a new environmental control system ECS LED Ambience lighting and electronically dimmable Windows this premium cabin also includes a passenger Comfort display for control of the ECS LED lights stable windows and other enhancements such as new ergonomically enhanced seats usba a and USBC power plugs cup holders and headset hangers at each of the airplane six seats as its predecessor since the tbm850 the model year 201 12 the cabin offers Quick Change configuration possibilities club or commuter seating the removal of the two rear seats for more luggage space or the installation of a laboratory compartment or the addition of a large storage cabinet for the TBM 960 a fifth Factory standard TBM paint Scheme called siroko based on the creativity of French designer Alexandria eori the TBM 960 is the quintessential TBM representing the fifth evolution of our very first Tor propop aircraft family since the TBM 900 series introduction in 2014 further the E throttle power lever uses single forward position from takeoff to Landing with a dual Channel digital engine and propeller electronic control system optimizing power plant performance throughout the flight envelope reducing pilot workload and increasing the engine life its sound level during takeoff is just 76.4 DB meeting the most stringent International noise standards the TBM 960 is equipped with a gwx 8000 an advanced opter radar with automatic threat analysis this all digital weather radar uses storm Optics analysis to automatically adjust antenna sweep patterns to accurately profile weather cells advanced surveillance features include lighting and hail prediction turbulence detection zero blind range for close in returns and ground clutter suppression in applying fly Tech automation to raise safety and efficiency even further dier takes a human- centered approach that benefits from operational expertise and customer feedback notably the flight deck enables the TBM e co-pilot functions icing protection system flight envelope monitoring through the electronic stability and protection es and the UND speed protection USB systems the emergency descent mode EDM function as well as the gamechanging home safe emergency autland system the first TVM 960 was received on the eve of the AO Fredick Schaffen general aviation by a German based businessman who will operate it for corporate and private trips primarily in Europe D announced that deliveries of the latest member in his TBM very fast too aircraft family the TBM 9960 have reached 20 with the momentum continuing to meet the company's solid order book the three other TBM 960s were delivered to customers in Europe based on the previous certification approval by the European Union Aviation safety agency easa the recipient of the 20th delivered TBM 960 was Johnny Williams a businessman from South Florida who has owned three previous versions tbms fadc full Authority digital engine control is another new feature incorporated in to the TBM 960 yet another new system automates the start sequence also new to the panel is garbin's gdl flight parameter recorder with a 4G Wi-Fi transceiver for automatic database updates in addition the engine scheduled maintenance intervals have been optimized the electronic control system eliminates engine Hardware resulting in a combined 40% reduction and schedule maintenance the TBM 960 will also be the premier aircraft for the gdl 60 application which transmits and stores data automatically and is interconnected with mobile devices now that we've come to the end of this video I to thank you for sticking with me and i' love to know what you think of it just comment down below also if you like this video make sure you like it and stay safe today's video is over but if you want to see more there's one on your screen right now and there a few more fun videos coming soon about everyday Aviation Technology I'll see you in the next video Until then take care stay safe and be happy guys

- What You Need to Know About the Daher TBM 960: Kind: captions Language: en This isn't a jet, but it'll fly like one. The TBM960 is a single engine turborop that's rewriting the rule book on what personal aviation can look like. It's faster than some light jets, climbs like a rocket, and lands on short strips with ease. All while being operated by a single pilot. But here's the real twist. Behind this sleek machine lies a level of automation and performance that's got even jet owners turning their heads. We're diving into everything from cabin to cockpit, engine specs to realworld numbers, and finally, what this aircraft really costs to own and operate. Let's get into the TBM960. Cabin. The TBM960 delivers a cabin experience that borders on executive class comfort with smart engineering behind every inch. The layout offers four leather seats in a club configuration with two pilot seats up front. Optional fifth or sixth seating can be added with a belted lavatory seat or rear bench. The cabin measures about 4 ft wide and just over 4 ft tall, offering good headroom for this class of aircraft. Soundproofing is where it gets impressive. Thanks to a fiveblade composite propeller and redesigned engine mounts, in-flight noise is remarkably low. Passengers often describe the TBM as quiet enough for conversation without headsets. Each seat has USB charging, cup holders, and LED lighting. Foldable tray tables allow passengers to work or dine in flight. The pressurization system keeps cabin altitude at just 6,000 ft, even when cruising at 28,000, which significantly reduces fatigue. Cargo space includes a rear cabin storage zone and an external baggage compartment that offers over 30 cubic feet of volume. Ideal for golf bags, duffles, or equipment. Interior upgrades include reclining seats, Alcantara headliners, wood veneer trim, and climate controls. The overall design feels premium but purpose-built. This is more than just a personal airplane. Many owners use it for business travel, corporate shuttles, or medical flights. It's a flying office, and it's surprisingly comfortable. Another small luxury, the cabin lighting system. It includes both ambient and directional LEDs, dimmable from the main panel or individual seat controls. You can set it to match the time of day, which helps combat jet lag on longer flights. The climate system, too, is smart. It uses a digital controller to manage both heating and cooling. And it's split between cabin and cockpit zones, so the pilot can stay cool while the passengers stay warm. Cockpit. In the cockpit, the TBM960 offers jet level avionics in a setup that's optimized for solo operation. You'll find the Garmin G3000 avionic suite front and center with three highresolution displays and touchscreen controllers. It includes synthetic vision, weather radar, realtime traffic, terrain avoidance, and envelope protection. Workload is lightened by intelligent features like electronic stability protection, emergency descent mode, and automatic fuel tank switching. One standout is auto level. If you become disoriented, a single button brings the aircraft back to straight and level flight. But the crown jewel, Garmin's Homesafe Autoland system. If the pilot is incapacitated, a passenger can hit one button. The system picks the best nearby airport, flies the approach, lands the plane, stops on the runway, and even shuts down the engine. The ergonomic layout makes everything feel intuitive. There's no mixture or prop control, just a single power lever thanks to the fully digital FADEC system. Push forward for full power. Pull back to descend. That's it. Flying the TBM feels more like operating a system than a machine. And that's a good thing when you're doing it alone at 31,000 ft. Another rarely mentioned perk, in-flight connectivity. While not standard, you can equip the TBM with a satellite-based Aridium data link or even Wi-Fi for basic communications. It's not streaming level internet, but for email and weather updates at 30,000 ft, it gets the job done. And yes, all of this might sound like it comes with jet level expenses, but wait until you hear how its cost per hour stacks up against some business jets fuel bills alone. Now, let's dig into what this machine actually delivers in the sky. Engine and performance. The TBM 960 is powered by a Pratt and Whitney PT 6E66 XT engine producing about 700 shaft horsepower. This engine is managed entirely by FADEC, meaning no prop lever, no mixture, just one digital throttle for everything. Climb rate is a key highlight. The aircraft can reach 31,000 ft in less than 19 minutes. And it does so with remarkable smoothness. At cruise, the 960 flies at 370 mph true air speed, comparable to many light jets. Even at that speed, fuel burn stays efficient, about 55 gall in high-speed cruise. That's less than half what many jets burn. In economy cruise, you'll get a range of roughly 1,900 statute miles with IFR reserves, easily covering non-stop trips like Los Angeles to Chicago or Miami to Boston. Takeoff distance is around 2,300 ft. Landing distance about 1,900 ft. That opens up access to thousands of small runways across North America, places jets simply can't go. Handling is smooth and forgiving. Pilots love the stability, especially in turbulence. Thanks to the fiveblade prop and aerodynamic refinements, the TBM feels agile, but never twitchy. Another key point, performance at high elevation airports. Whether you're flying out of Aspen, Colorado, or Telleluride, the TBM maintains excellent climb and takeoff performance, even on hot days. That hot and high capability makes it ideal for mountainous regions. Maintenance intervals are long, and the PT6 engine series has a reputation for near bulletproof reliability. With over 500 million hours of operation across the PT6 family, it's arguably the most trusted turbine in aviation history. And here's something numbers can't quite explain, the handling feel. The TBM flies like it's on rails, responsive without being twitchy. Control forces are firm but natural. Many pilots say it feels like a military trainer crossed with a business jet. So yes, it's got one engine, but that engine delivers performance that rivals jets with two. Price. Here's where things get interesting and for many prospective buyers, gamechanging. The base price of the TBM960 starts at just under $5 million US, but most fully equipped models with options like upgraded interiors, satellite connectivity, and advanced avionics will push the final price closer to $5.9 million. Now, that might seem steep until you compare it to a light jet like the Citation M2 or the Honda Jet. Both cost around $6 to7 million, and neither can match the TBM's combination of range, speed, and operating efficiency. Speaking of operating costs, on average, direct operating cost is around $800 to $1,000 per hour. That includes fuel, maintenance, engine reserves, and parts. Insurance, hanger, and pilot costs vary, but annual fixed costs typically land in the $30 to $50,000 range. There's also one massive cost advantage. The TBM960 requires only one pilot. That alone can save you over $100,000 per year if you're flying commercially or with crew. Depreciation is relatively stable, too. TBMs have a strong resale value thanks to their performance, build quality, and loyal owner community. And because the 960 is so new, demand on the secondhand market is already high. If you're upgrading from a piston aircraft or downsizing from a jet, the TBM offers a unique middle ground. All the performance you want with operating costs that won't bankrupt your balance sheet. So, yes, this turborop may not have two engines, but its price toerformance ratio leaves some jets in the dust.

  Top Comments:
  1. @philo5096 [1 likes]: Gorgeous plane
  2. @LUXURYLIFE2.0 [1 likes]: Nice video
  3. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [1 likes]: 1) 🤩 CHECK OUT OUR BRAND NEW SHOP! Go to: https://bit.ly/wol-shop

2) ✈️ Thanks for watching! Share this video with friends, family and groups. This way, you help bring this content to everyone and drop a comment with your thoughts or suggestions. We value your input.  
Thanks! 🙌✨

- Cost To Own A TBM Jet Prop Airplane: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] so what does it cost to fly a TBM 900 series so this is the 900 the 910 the 930 the 940 350 I think so 60 is a lot of 900s they're all the same airplane fundamentally in fuselage and engine they differ in electronics and avionics so what's the cost well this is the latest iteration and version of dehare TBM and so if you were going to buy this on the used Market you know a 900 3.1 3.2 million is pretty much what you're going to be with a fair amount of time left on the engine and we'll talk about that in a little bit that's your biggest cost in the 900. I don't think that's the best value by the way I would recommend getting a TBM 700a or B these can be had for anywhere from half a million to eight hundred thousand to a million in fact for the price of a shiny new Cirrus SR22T you actually could get into a perfectly good TBM that will go about 300 knots so that's that's really it so there's a big variation on that so for the price of a new Cirrus SR-22 I think they're like 1.1 1.2 million when you fully deck them out now and that's a piston mind you I got a friend with a basically a piston but very modern avionics and stuff you paid two million dollars for that piston right that's where we're talking for like new aircraft these days I don't know if that's good that's bad that's whatever but you can get a TBM 700 A or B model for under a million so you can actually be almost twice as fast maybe twice as fast and twice as capable as that piston you'll have older avionics but you can get there and you know there comes a point where you just you actually do have the mission for it so let's talk about cost of ownership in the turbine world you have to be aware of the engine people and the engine programs right so the FAA says that at 3 500 hours your engine your jet needs to be taken apart and looked at and rebuilt you know it's like the tbos we have for the Pistons right problem is unlike the Piston if you're complaining about you know 40 or 50 000 for a rebuild or whatever try half a million an engine like this which is a Pratt Whitney pt6 66 Delta if you just show up at Pratt and Whitney and hello I'm at 3 500 hours I'd like to rebuild my engine please so I'm I'm airworthy again um they'll be like great um well let's take a look oh my you know we don't like these the coding loss here and we don't like this that and the other 600 000 I've seen it as far as eight hundred thousand a new one is 1.1 million now I think so it's like yikes right okay so what do you do when you have an engine that at 3 500 hours particularly if you're buying used aircraft is you know going to need a rebuild the important thing to realize is for part 91 the rebuild is optional it's not mandatory actually it's not mandatory for anybody suggested there's a program and this is probably a show on its own called Moore or m-o-r-e it's a program developed by the FAA and some Charter operators in the 90s which lets you add additional inspection regimen which will cost you a little more but you can avoid the overhaul for a much longer period of time which you absolutely want to do cost is is sophisticated all right so why did I go into all of that about turbines and engines and stuff like that so let's say you're a general aviation person you're moving from a piston goodbye Saratoga goodbye Sirius or whatever I'm going to be a jet guy now I'm going to be a prop jet guy you got to be very judicious about the cost you got to figure out what you want your costs to be so what I mean by that is if you're going to be you're like you know what at 3 500 hours I only have a thousand hours left for for me that's only five years of flying and then I absolutely want to refurb the engine and I don't want to be surprised by the amount of money you're going to pay per hour into a program right you're going to say well I'm going to say 200 an hour I'm going to put in a bank account and then I'm going to do a deal with Pratt Whitney or whatever uh where by they'll guarantee to overhaul my engine at some fixed cost I don't like that I typically would prefer to just treat an engine very very well and extend it as far as I can but I'm unique like that so here are my costs for operating the airplane okay my cost for operating this airplane it's 56 gallons an hour unlike most Jets it deals at gallons per hour as opposed to pounds so 56 gallons an hour times like the way fuel prices have been lately it's not atypical for me on a very very long journey you know when I stop and I put in 200 gallons or whatever to see a fifteen to eighteen hundred dollar fuel bill right so that's pretty typical so your your cost may vary but that's the number one cost in this 56 gallons per hour you can't escape it that's it it's twice as fast as a Cirrus or something else so if you're thinking well I can do 15 or 11 gallons an hour I'm like great but it takes you twice as long to get someplace so there's that still it's more expensive I think it works out to I've heard it's like five miles to the gallon I think that's what it does effectively fully loaded and stuff so it's pretty good other costs are um your insurance so insurance is a substantial cost in this you know your cost of acquisition of the aircraft of course it's a turbine there's that the engine programs you know that's up to you I don't do an engine program I'm taking my chances I also plan on flying it and being buried in it buried in it from a non-flying peaceful passing in my bed many years from now mind you just be clear on that insurance can be like my insurance uh you know I have I have jet time Charter Time stuff like that I'm still paying over 30 000 like 35 000 and then there's a lot of things with that insurance so 35 000 and then if you want to go to ten thousand dollars please or ten thousand Euros for for coming to Europe yeah sorry it's terrible but that's uh you know so Insurance can really vary um you know probably I can't see you getting in something like this as a ga person for less than 20 000 a year in insurance that said I seem to remember my Cirrus being 15 or 12. so is what it is so your insurance costs uh fortunately the insurance costs don't scale with the amount you fly it so if you're a big flyer in general aviation yeah okay it's thirty thousand dollars a year which is a lot but if you're flying 300 hours a year it's really not that bad when you amortize it over all you're flying so there's that other costs associated with it this is up to you you can basically your maintenance on this is uh more rigid than it is for a piston for this particular aircraft the manufacturer has a has a series of inspections they recommend so my partner Brett who you've met in other videos is an IA and an amp and does specifically is the dehare service center so I learned through him the manufacturer has these recommendations I'm not an A P but every year your annual is either what's called an A plus a B plus or a c plus and these things rotate I forget the actual schedule thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @joeschmoe1301 [4 likes]: This gentleman gives outstanding information on comparative values and, the ACTUAL factors regarding ownership!!
Superb!!
  2. @Vpmags [2 likes]: Need to sober up quick? Watch this video. lol
  3. @MHB48615 [1 likes]: Twenty- five years ago my best friend owned TBM 700. He was a very experienced pilot and I loved going places with him in it, mainly sporting events. He kept it maybe four or five years. Even though he could more than afford the upkeep, storage, annuals, insurance, etc. he told me he just felt he wasn’t getting the bang for his buck anymore. I was sort of sorry to hear that. So he sold it and bought a 1947 Piper PA-11. Talk about down-sizing, lol. But I ended up enjoying flying with him in that plane even more than the TBM. 😊
  4. @bretyoung1869 [1 likes]: Beautiful plane !!
Very interesting 🤔 
Thanks 👍
  5. @amirkazemi2517: how much can you recover from chartering it out - a 700B
  6. @TommyD_1952: We don’t call these “jet props”. 😂
  7. @zdelacruz6296: Price: "can't afford."
  8. @EdRush-s7t: Former Top Gun pilot here...Who is the guy in this video, and can I hire him to train me?
  9. @RB-is9su: I'm going for the Mattel version, very cheap to own and operate...
  10. @frsmoopus2864: Appreciate you Greg.
  11. @ka1man1: So, what is the cost per year? Or per hour? At least blended
  12. @tommooe4524: Guess i need that job trump had selling fries after all if i am going to  buy one
  13. @zimthehackslifestyle5708: Twice as capable , twice as fast , twice as expensive:face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  14. @12skipafew-e7y: All the Wright Brothers really wanted was just to be like a  bird. Now it comes to all this.
  15. @Dode108: why would you subject oneself to such torture. ??? Fur wat?
  16. @samotzednanref19: JAMES, two questions, is it better to think about cost in Cost per Nautical Mile Flown than Hours? or should I calculate both? and where can I find a TBM for 500k to 1.2m usd?
  17. @ytube777: I think I'll let my dreams be dreams.
  18. @JadedCoffeeDrinker: Interesting
  19. @romanticdonkey468: It’s wonderful to dream, but my pocket book says ultra lite, then someday the Diamond DA40 NG. Beyond that I’d have to really expand our business to multiple cities.
  20. @MGMidget73: Seems the whole industry is one big captive grift.  The regs bought and paid for by the industry lobbyist.   You know the old saying, "a fool and their money are soon parted".

- Inside The $5.6 Million Daher TBM 960: Kind: captions Language: en Title: Inside The $5.6 Million Daher TBM 960 Imagine a private aircraft that seamlessly blends luxury and performance into an unparalleled flying experience. Introducing the Daher TBM 960 – a marvel of engineering that redefines what it means to travel in style and efficiency. From its state-of-the-art technology to its exceptional speed and range, it’s in a league of its own. It's not just an aircraft; it's a masterpiece designed to elevate your journeys to new heights. So, get ready to explore the exceptional features and innovations that set this aircraft apart, all while appreciating the value it brings to the world of aviation. Cabin The cabin of the Daher TBM 960 is where luxury meets functionality up in the sky. Step inside this marvel, and the first thing you'll notice is the spaciousness. With its wide and comfortable seats, this cabin ensures you'll have plenty of room to stretch out during those long flights. Whether you're a business traveler or flying with family, the cabin layout accommodates various seating configurations, giving you the flexibility you need. But it's not just about space; it's about the details too. The materials used in the cabin are top-notch, from the premium leather upholstery to the finely crafted trim. This isn't just an aircraft cabin; it's a haven of elegance. The attention to detail extends to the cabin lighting, which is adjustable to suit your mood or needs, whether it's focused work or relaxation. Speaking of relaxation, let's talk about the noise and vibration levels. This cabin is designed to minimize both, offering you a peaceful and serene environment even at high speeds. So, whether you're having an important conversation or simply enjoying the view, the cabin ensures that noise won't be an issue. Now, let's dive into the tech side of things. The cabin is equipped with the latest in avionics and entertainment systems. The touchscreen displays are intuitive and provide you with all the information you need right at your fingertips. From navigation to communication, everything is seamlessly integrated to make your flying experience both safe and enjoyable. And for those longer flights, you'll appreciate the amenities this cabin has to offer. There's ample storage for your belongings, so you don't have to worry about clutter. And if you're traveling with refreshments, the galley has you covered. You can enjoy hot and cold beverages along with snacks to keep you fueled throughout your journey. Comfort isn't just about the seating; it's also about the climate control. The TBM 960's cabin environment can be precisely adjusted to your liking. Whether you prefer a cozy warmth or a cool, refreshing breeze, the advanced climate control system lets you find your ideal temperature. Now, let's talk about the view. The large windows offer panoramic vistas that'll take your breath away. Whether you're soaring above picturesque landscapes or admiring cityscapes from above, these windows truly bring the beauty of the outside world in. Cockpit Stepping into the cockpit of the TBM 960 is like entering the command center of a futuristic aircraft. The first thing you'll notice is the avionics suite that's straight out of your aviation dreams. The integrated touchscreen displays provide you with all the crucial flight data at your fingertips. From navigation to engine information, it's all right there, beautifully organized and easy to access. But let's not stop there—this cockpit is all about making your flying experience not just efficient but also enjoyable. The avionics system is designed to reduce your workload, making it easier to handle complex tasks. From automated checklists to advanced navigation aids, the cockpit technology is designed to be your co-pilot in the skies. This aircraft also boasts a state-of-the-art flight management system that calculates optimal flight paths, fuel consumption, and other critical factors. This means you can focus on flying and making decisions while the system takes care of the number crunching. Now, let's delve into the control systems. There’s also an advanced autopilot system that offers precise control over various flight phases. Whether you're climbing, cruising, or descending, the autopilot system ensures a smooth and stable flight experience. It's like having a co-pilot who's always on point. The cockpit ergonomics are designed with pilots in mind. The controls are intuitively laid out, making it easy to operate the aircraft even during critical phases of flight. This means you can focus on flying safely while having confidence in your ability to manage the aircraft's systems. Safety is, of course, a top priority in the cockpit as well. It is equipped with a comprehensive set of safety features, including advanced weather radar, terrain awareness and warning systems, and traffic collision avoidance systems. These systems provide you with the information you need to make informed decisions and avoid potential hazards. Before we take a look at the Engine & Performance and of course the cost of this amazing jet, make sure you hit that like and subscribe button for more interesting videos in the world of aviation. Engine & Performance Moving on to the heart of the Daher TBM 960: its engine and performance. Buckle up, because we're about to take a deep dive into the powerhouse that propels this remarkable aircraft. Underneath that sleek exterior lies a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6A-66D engine, and let me tell you, this is no ordinary engine. It's a turbine engine that's known for its reliability, power, and efficiency. With over 1,825 horsepower, the engine packs a serious punch, allowing this aircraft to reach impressive speeds and climb rates. And speaking of speed, the 960 is no slouch in that department. This aircraft can cruise at speeds of up to 380 miles per hour, which is faster than many of its competitors in the same class. So, whether you're on a short hop or a cross-country journey, this plane gets you to your destination in no time. But it's not just about speed; it's also about efficiency. The PT6A engine is designed to sip fuel rather than guzzle it. This means you can cover long distances without worrying too much about refueling stops. The engine's efficiency also translates to reduced operating costs, making it a smart choice for both personal and business travel. Now, let's talk about the range. This plane has an impressive range that allows you to connect cities that are thousands of miles apart without breaking a sweat. With a maximum range of over 1900 miles, this aircraft lets you explore new horizons without the need for constant refueling. Climbing capabilities? The TBM 960 has those covered too. With its powerful engine and aerodynamic design, this aircraft can climb to altitudes of 31,000 feet in just about 18 minutes. That means you can quickly get above turbulent weather and enjoy a smooth and comfortable ride. And for those who like to operate from shorter runways, the TBM 960's takeoff and landing performance is a game-changer. This aircraft can operate from runways as short as 2,100 feet, giving you access to a wider range of airports and airfields. So, whether you're heading to a bustling hub or a remote destination, this plane can get you there with ease. Coming to handling and maneuverability. The TBM 960 is designed to offer a responsive and precise flying experience. With its advanced aerodynamics and flight control systems, you'll feel in control whether you're making gentle turns or executing more complex maneuvers. Cost Coming to the financial aspect of the Daher TBM 960, let's take a closer look at the cost of owning and operating this high-performance Now, it's no secret that owning a private aircraft comes with a significant investment. This plane is positioned as a premium aircraft, and its price tag reflects that. The base price of the TBM 960, standing at $5.6 million includes the standard features and equipment, and you can expect to pay a premium for additional options, customizations, and upgrades. But remember, the cost of the aircraft is just the beginning. There are other financial factors to consider when it comes to owning a TBM 960. For instance, you'll need to budget for ongoing operational expenses. This includes items like fuel, maintenance, insurance, hangar fees, and more. These costs can vary depending on factors such as your flying habits, the region you operate in, and the level of service you require. Let's talk about the operational costs in more detail. The TBM 960 is known for its fuel efficiency, thanks to its advanced engine technology. However, fuel costs can still be a substantial part of your budget, especially if you're flying frequently or on longer journeys. Maintenance is another key consideration. While it is designed to be robust and reliable, regular maintenance is essential to keep the aircraft in peak condition. Maintenance costs can vary depending on factors like the age of the aircraft, the number of flight hours, and the complexity of any required repairs. If you want to know more about such amazing jets, click here to see Inside the new 4.9 Million TBM 940. See you there in a second!

  Top Comments:
  1. @edadan [6 likes]: $5.6M and still no toilet?
  2. @Keys879 [4 likes]: The 960 has a pressurization issue with the P3 setting on the climate control system. It gets really loud above altitudes of FL280. It’s also small in regards to elbow room in the main cabin. The space between the cockpit and passenger cabin is limited for storing concessions and whatever else you need. The materials used in securing the overhead panels also has a tendency to give out and require replacement. Daher is aware of this and making fixes. But don’t let them charge you for it. It should be warrantied if the paneling comes loose. 

That being said, this airplane is fast, fun, sleek, and efficient. The PT6 powerplant is fantastic and the aircraft is a joy to fly. My company has two and I love them.
  3. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [2 likes]: Click here to watch ➡ Inside The New 4.9 Million TBM 940:
https://youtu.be/sb9LLV-ENZc?si=i4amt9rwPiRnFxDv
  4. @50falcon: I have flown the TBM and was not impressed
  5. @blackice9725: A British narrator should be assigned to comment on this great aircraft. I had enough of the American Airhead.
  6. @Gamer_Gabriel1: A question for you: if am flying with my family a distance over 1000kms and kids suddenly need to use a toilet? What then…
  7. @jamesunger8433: What sets the TBM apart, aside from the performance,  is that the interior is warm.  The use of softer material such as leather with soft earth tones creates a more comfortable inviting cabin. I know the Epic is an amazing performer, but to save weight they appear to have over used carbon fibre and it is a bit cold!  I want my cockpit to be inviting and comfy, not sterile like an OR!  Honestly the TBM is my choice. Now where is that bank vault?
  8. @billysoccerboypayne: Ridiculous price, its too much money for a single engine, I don´t care how great it is. Long range but not toilet ?, think about it. Sorry, thumb down.🤨
  9. @explorelondon3695: Good presentation but ambiguous on most parts
  10. @iseoluwaadeboyeku5301: An ideal family plane 👍👍
  11. @ThomasRobinson-e5x: Gonzalez Jennifer Lopez David Thomas Joseph
  12. @gloriathorndike9017: 55780 Elijah Stravenue
  13. @Lone_GamerUK: I'd probably go for the Vision Jet 50, with parachute system and about 2m less tbh.
But TBM 960 is a nice plane though.
  14. @GlenPeverelle-u4l: Santiago Mountain
  15. @HiltonPopularis-u3x: Streich Square
  16. @KennethFlores-s2z: Grimes Views
  17. @StuartEverley-p5u: Walker Christopher Miller Ruth Rodriguez Matthew
  18. @DannyGoldingTV: One of my favorite planes to fly on FS2020 lol
  19. @RojinaAmla: Thomas Matthew Young Richard Wilson Ronald
  20. @iverharstad: It’s a very pretty airplane. However 5.6 million dollars is too much for that small aircraft

- Skipped Checklists, Fatal Crash | King Air 350 Addison: Kind: captions Language: en Addison Airport, Texas. This King Air 350 was just about to depart for Florida. On board, there were eight passengers and two flight crew. And very shortly, this flight was going to be in chaos. The following video will explain what happens during this fateful flight and how it was able to happen. On the 30th of June 2019, this Textron Aviation B300, also known as a King Air 350, was due to fly from Texas to Albert Witted Airport, St. Petersburg in Florida. The flight was scheduled for around 0900 Central Daylight Time with the pilots and passengers arriving at the airport hanger around 90 minutes before. Earlier in the day, the aircraft had been refueled with a total of 329 gallons of fuel in preparation for the flight with no maintenance taking place. When the passengers arrived, the co-pilot greeted the passengers in the hanger and loaded the bags into the baggage compartment. This was done without any scales present with none of the bags being weighed before being put onto the plane. The pilots and co-pilot then carried out a walkound of the aircraft to ensure everything was in order for their trip. With both pilots happy, they assisted the passengers onto the aircraft and then they boarded the aircraft themselves. The pilot flying was very experienced with 16,450 total flying hours with 1,100 hours on the King Air 350. He was 71 years old with a class one medical certification with waiverss. The co-pilots had 2,357 total flying hours. He was 28 years old with a class one medical certification. Before starting the aircraft, they obtained the most up-to-date weather from the automatic terminal information system or ATIS. This informed them that the wind was from 10° at 6 knots. The clouds were scattered at 1400 ft. Visibility was more than 10 km. The temperature was 24° centigrade with an altimeter setting of 306 in of mercury. Shortly after this, they were ready for engine start. Now, I want you to pay attention to the times that follow as they are important to this incident. At 0903, the left engine was started. 15 seconds later, the right engine was then started. As the engines roared into life, the passengers settled into their seats for their trip across the United States. At 0905, the pilots contacted ground control and informed them that they were ready for taxi. They were subsequently provided with the taxi instructions to runway 15 and immediately began transiting there. This was only a short taxi with them arriving at the taxi holding point within a minute or so. At 0909 and 41 seconds, the local controller gave the pilot departure instructions to turn left heading 050 on departure and cleared the flight for takeoff from runway 15. With the crew ready to depart at 09, 10, and 11 seconds, the pilots move the power levers forward, setting takeoff power. Now, I tried to not interject with my own opinions during these videos, and I tried to stay within the facts known from the investigation, but I just want to add that at this point, no checklist had been used in the cockpit between the two pilots, and it had been 7 minutes from the left engine starting to the aircraft starting its takeoff roll. Even if the items in the checklist were carried out without being verbally confirmed, this would not have been sufficient time to complete all the actions. As the plane started to roll down the runway, the co-pilot called air speeds alive, which meant that the airspeed indicator was showing the air speed increasing. The cockpit remained silent for the rest of the takeoff with the pilots rotating the aircraft at 102 knots. At 0910 and 34 seconds, the King Air lifted off from the runway. 6 seconds after takeoff, the pilot stated, "What in the world?" as the engine RPM on the left engine and a little on the right started to decrease. Shortly after, the stoall warner sounded. The aircraft was still climbing, but now started to roll to the left. The nose attitude was lowered slightly, and the stoall warner stopped. The co-pilot now said to the pilot, "You just lost your left engine." The aircraft continued to roll to the left. There was a slight increase in thrust in the left engine before it started to decrease again. The aircraft now reached 100 ft above the ground and the stall warner started again along with the bank angle annunciator. The aircraft was continuing to roll to the left, now reaching a near inverted position. The bankang annunciator continued with the aircraft now at 70 ft above the ground with the ground speed of around 85 knots. At 0910 and 51 seconds, the aircraft impacted a hanger left of the runway in an inverted position. This resulted in an explosion and a fire which unfortunately led to the deaths of everyone on board. So, what actually happened to cause this crash? By the sounds of the information we already know, it looks as though the left engine failed, which caused the aircraft to lose height and crash. The problem with this hypothesis is that even if this was true, the crew should have been able to control the aircraft and fly away safely. This crash is a result of several factors, all of which contribute to the overall result. When investigators arrived on the scene and examined the wreckage, it was discovered that there was no condition that would have prevented normal operation of the engine and propellers, and it was found that both engines were operating at the point of impact. Due to the impact damage, it could not be determined whether there was a malfunction with the throttle control system, so this couldn't be ruled out. They then looked at the possibility of the power levers moving due to insufficient friction settings on the aircraft power friction locks. These friction locks, as the name suggests, increase or decrease the friction on the power levers to the pilot's desired force preference. If they are left too loose, the power levers can move with very little force. And it has been known that the vibrations caused by takeoff power can cause the power levers to shift. And in this case, it appears that as the thrust was reducing in odd steps along with the right engine losing a slight bit of thrust, this was probably the case. It would explain why the thrust was acting in the way that it did. The friction locks are set and checked in the before engine start checklist and the before takeoff or run-up checks. In this instance, no checklists were carried out. Although the co-pilot reportedly had flown with the pilots many times previously and was familiar with the B300, he was not type rated in this airplane and was not allowed to operate the flight controls when passengers were on board. Therefore, the co-pilot may not have checked or adjusted the friction settings before the flight's departure. If they had carried out all the relevant checklists, this would have ensured that the flying controls, the auto feather system, and the rudder boost system were all operating correctly before takeoff. The auto feather system allows for the propeller to feather if power is lost to an engine. This means that it will severely reduce the amount of drag on the aircraft, assisting with its rate of climb. The rudder boost system assists the pilot by reducing the required rudder pedal force in the event of an engine failure. Rudder Boost is armed by selecting the control switch to the rudder boost position. Several pilots who knew the accident pilot and flew with him in the past were interviewed. Regarding the accident pilot's takeoff rotation technique, two pilots reported that he used two hands during rotation. None of the pilots interviewed reported that the accident pilot asked them to back him up or to guard the power levers during takeoff or rotation. One pilot reported that the accident pilots had an aggressive rotation technique and that he would pull up abruptly at rotation. Another pilot reported that the accident pilot was not strong on using checklists. Another mutual acquaintance of the accident pilot and co-pilot stated that the accident pilot did not like to use the checklist and just jumped into the airplane and went. His business partner also reported that the accident pilot generally would not do a weight and balance calculation if he was familiar with the airplane and usually verbalized vspeeds. In addition to the lack of checklists, there was also not a discussion on the pilot or co-pilot's actions on an emergency. This is usually covered in a takeoff brief. Although the co-pilots verbally identified the loss of the left engine in response to the pilot's confused reaction to the airplane's performance, it is likely the co-pilot did not initiate any corrective flight control inputs. possibly due to the pilot's established practice of being the sole operator of flight controls when passengers were on board. This would also explain the silent cockpit during the takeoff role. You would expect to hear that the pilot monitoring to call out the VS speeds such as V1 and rotate. V1 refers to the points in which takeoff must be continued and rotate being the points where the aircraft is at a sufficient speed above its minimum control speed to allow for a safe departure. For this flight, the pilot rotated the aircraft at 102 knots with the actual rotate speed for the weather and weight of the day being 110 knots. This decreased the margin to the minimum controllable air speed and likely lessened the amount of time available for the pilot to properly react to the reduction in thrust and maintain aircraft control. Along with the early rotation speed, the lack of crew resource management and checklists, the aircraft was also over its maximum takeoff weight. The airplane's maximum takeoff and landing weight was £15,000. Based on the pilot's FAA records, passenger weights provided by family members, baggage, and other items recovered from the wreckage, and with the fuel on board, the aircraft's established ramp weight before departure was £15,660. Although the aircraft was slightly over its maximum takeoff weight for departure, its rate of climb was near what would be expected at maximum weight in the weather conditions of the day and therefore the weight exceeded was not likely a factor in this accident. The most important factor to analyze for this incident is the immediate actions of the crew to the issues they were having. The normal and expected actions for an engine failure on takeoff would be to keep the aircraft flying straight with the rudder and maybe a bit of aeron. Get the gear up once you have a positive rate of climb and the flaps up if you're using them. One really important factor with prop aircraft is to ensure that the failed engine has feathered. What is meant by this is that once the engine stops producing thrust, the blades are moved to a near 90° position to reduce the amount of drag. If the propeller is left unfathered after an engine failure, the additional drag on the aircraft is tremendous. If this is not done automatically, this can be resolved by moving the propeller lever to the feathered position manually. When they investigated the position of the propeller blades, it was determined that the prop was not feathered during this incident. It was also noted that the landing gear was in the extended position and this means that the drag on the aircraft was extensive. With the reduction in thrust, this would have made it very difficult to climb or increase speed. The investigators examined how much yaw or side slip the aircraft was experiencing during the loss of thrust. Based on an evaluation of thrust estimates provided by the propeller manufacturer and performance data provided by the airplane manufacturer, it is likely that in the early stages of the incident, the pilot applied left rudder, which was the opposite input needed to maintain lateral control before then applying right rudder seconds later. Applying left rudder would have only worsened the situation increasing the your effect of the aircraft and in turn as a secondary effect adding roll to the left. Even after reverting to the correct rudder input by then the aircraft's roll rate was increasing too rapidly and its altitude was too low to recover. As always, I would never criticize the actions of pilots during a surprise and highly stressful situation. In this emergency, the pilot's experience and training should have mitigated some of the actions that were or were not carried out. However, one thing that cannot be excused in the world of aviation is where complacency takes hold and safety becomes a lesser priority. Not using checklists or even carrying out the pre-flight checks from memory should not be happening as these are used to check the aircraft is in full working order. It's much better to discover that the aircraft is faulty on the ground rather than in the middle of an emergency. I would be interested to hear what you think about this incident and look forward to reading your comments. I hope you're all having a great day and as always, I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CuriousPilot90 [158 likes]: ** The aircraft registration has been blurred as it is a current live registration for an aircraft not related to this incident. Hopefully the blurring isn't too distracting! 

If you have any suggestions for other incidents you would like turned into a video please me me know!
  2. @kipper711: Shocking to hear of such a tragic incident. How could they have both missed this. Unbelievable. So sad for the passengers.
  3. @phillarnach9484: 71 years old, no thanks.
  4. @geoffstrickler: I currently live about 0.5m east of Addison Airport, and a departure from 15 into a 050 vector would take the aircraft slightly south of my place. I was living about 12mi due north of the airport when this happened. I’ve flown into, and out of Addison Airport in a King Air 200 and a Citibria owned and piloted by friends of mine. And yet I don’t recall this incident. But I was quite busy with work in 2019, so, that’s only a bit surprising to me.
  5. @Avidon-k7s: Effectively, the airplane was single-pilot. What's the point of having another pilot onboard, just to sit, and watch?:eyes-pink-heart-shape:
  6. @ashleymackay9332: I flew R22s for 10years, I never saw anyone use the checklist. I was taught the sweep method, start at the map light and rotor brake and sweep down, forward and up. I took off with the transponder in standby once, and the door open once. My impression was the R22 needed it's checklist rewritten to flow a lot better. As an instructor once said, it goes all over the place. I saw that guys flying all day or the same type just got in and went. I found fuel caps on the fuel buggy, and no one connected the earth lead during fuelling. The 22 is simple, and simple to fly really, I get why senior pilots didn't bother with checklists. But watching tour guys lift off and go flying without an IGE hover was something else. It really doesn't take too many seconds to confirm the W&B is where you expected it go be.
  7. @tomfuelery2905: "Hey, watch this. I'm gonna have'em in the air before they know it. They are going to be so impressed!"

Dead pilot, probably.
  8. @jeanhawken4482: Despicable negligent behaviour  kills. Safety processes are there for a reason.
  9. @LeoOostveen: Same plane, same crash as Melbourne
  10. @CharlesKrumboltz: How much time did co-pilot have in type?
  11. @danger_ointment: VMC issues scares the living shit out of every decent pilot
  12. @mmafightingunite: I'm sorry but I'm not flying with a 71 year old pilot. I don't care how good you think you are, you're too old.
  13. @Alvaro-gugol: I liked the video,  well done.  Thanks
  14. @JavierBonillaC: 4:20 takeoff
  15. @samdigiorgipo: Go ahead , , , criticize the action of these pilots , , , too bad they killed other people besides themselves , , ,
  16. @Solo-M-rf4em: The left seat pilot was an accident waiting to happen. This idiot had no business being a pilot. His failure cost lives.
  17. @FranCrea-q2l: Company I worked for had 3 King Air 200's.  I noticed that the copilot ALWAYS put his left hand behind the throttles after take off power was set to insure that the throttles did not creep back during takeoff regardless of friction settings.  On screen checklists were ALWAYS used.  Professional corporate pilots.  Always felt safer on the King Air than commercial planes.  It's a shame to loose all those lives and an amazing aircraft due to complacency.
  18. @bobjoatmon1993: Some comments about acquaintances not notifying the appropriate authorities about inadequacies in the pilots flying techniques... But the FAA themselves can sabotage corrective efforts. I experienced this in 1991 when i supposedly anonymously reported (you have to identify yourself but the FAA is supposed to keep your whistleblower identity secret) to the FAA office at Houston Hobby AND THE FAA CALLED THE COMPANY AND TOLD THEM I'D REPORTED THEM!!! Of course, the next day the company fired me and told the FAA i "was a disgruntled employee" (which wasn't true, I'd just been trying to do the LEGAL thing since i knew the manager wasn't goint to change anything without higher authority telling him to) so with the FAA being told i was disgruntled they never bothered to investigate my report. And it WAS a flight safety issue with a pilot that the company did deal with but i still was betrayed by the FAA and lost my job. I made that lemon into lemonade though, i used my A&P and private pilots license to then work in multiple foreign countries, making much more than I'd have made working at HOU and having a lot of adventures doing it.
  19. @bccoregon: I recall Northwest Airlines Flight 255: Pilots failed to extend flaps during takeoff from Detroit. The aircraft crashed shortly after liftoff, killing 154 people.  The NTSB confirmed the flight data recorder showed flaps and slats were retracted. The crew omitted the flap check from the preflight checklist, and the take-off warning system failed to activate.
  20. @Swoop180: Complacency is an ugly monster, whether self induced, or brought on by pencil pushers...

- The Mysterious Crash of Independence 08 | King Air 350: Kind: captions Language: en on the 27th of April 2013 a modified King Air 350 co sign Independence 08 just entered an orbit over Afghanistan on a crucial surveillance Mission inside the flight deck sat a seasoned crew with thousands of combat hours between them shortly after reaching their orbit the aircraft suddenly snapped into a violent Left Bank plummeting into an uncontrolled spiral dive there was no enemy fire the aircraft itself self showed no signs of mechanical failure so what caused this catastrophic descent join us as we uncover the story of independent 08 and the series of decisions that led to its tragic [Music] fate in 2008 it was understood that there was a requirement for a platform to be able to to rapidly deliver intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities for operations in Afghanistan and Iraq because of this the MC12 Liberty program was launched to provide that capability adapting a civilian King Air 350 they achieved its first combat sauty within just 8 months this urgency created persistent risks particularly due to air crew inexperience many Pilots were brought into the program under a flow through system temporarily assigning them to the MC12 for 9 months before returning to their primary aircraft this system meant that approximately 60% of the 361st expeditionary reconnaissance squadron's air Crews were only temporarily attached to the MC12 before returning to their original aircraft new pilots often deployed with as little as 20 hours of flight time on the aircraft and conducted their first or second cons sorty in combat with certification rise doubling as live combat missions for today's Mission they were tasked by Air Force Central commands air tasking order to provide surveillance approximately 110 nautical miles Northeast of Kandahar Airfield in Helman Province Afghanistan the mission was part of a broader effort to monitor enemy activities and supports Coalition Ground Forces operating in that region their call sign was independ end at 08 and they were scheduled to take off at 12:00 local time they started their planning session at 09:30 local time the team comprised of seasoned comat veterans and an experienced Mission Commander however as we discussed earlier there was a mix of experience on the crew from different platforms this was the Pilot's first combat sorty in the mc2 and his first mission in theater recognizing this the team made small adjustments to their routine including departing the Squadron Area 15 minutes earlier than usual to allow the pilots extra time for pre- takeoff procedures there was a slightly unusual crew setup for this aircraft compared to others there were four cruded positions the mission Commander pilot sensor operator and Tactical Systems operator the mission Commander is ultimately responsible for the safe and effective employment of the aircraft and the overall success of the mission they occupi the right hand seat and will delegate task to the pilot sensor as needed to optimize Mission execution the mission Commander qualification is a higher level certification than the pilot and all Mission commanders are inherently authorized to fly in the left-and seat position and assume Pilot's responsibilities while in that position the pilot who is in the left hand seat is responsible for navigation and aircraft performance with the sensor operator and Tactical Systems operating responsible for operating the mission equipment in the back of the modified King Air their mission planning followed a standard protocol outlined in Air Force instructions and it's began with a thorough review of the mission execution forecast notices to aan which is what it was called at the time and isolated Personnel reports or ISO preps which is what they would need if they were to become isolated in the hostile environment they were flying over this ensured the crew was briefed on WEA conditions airspace restrictions and any Mission specific risks I know this is a lot of detail about the situation leading up to that event but I assure you it is important and required for you to fully understand the incident that is about to take place I'll only tell you the information that is key to fully understanding the next events I'll try to keep it concise and I promise you it is relevant the aircraft they were flying was an MC12 Liberty which is a versatile twin engine Turbo prop aircraft adapted from the civilian Hawker beachcraft Super King Air 350 and 350 ER and it was designed for medium to low altitude ISR missions the aircraft had received a 200h hour maintenance check on the 14th of April 2013 with no issues found 5 days before this flight the aircraft sustained hail damage to the nose forward fuselage and left wing repairs were correctly carried out and function checks of the stor Warner transducer and leftwing Di I boots confirmed these items were operating normally when the hail damage repairs were complete both engines had just under 4,000 hours of operating time and were in full working order it is worth noting that the MC12 is much heavier and produces more drag than its civilian counterpart this means that the stalling speed is higher and maneuvering speed is also higher making it a more difficult aircraft fly than a standard King Air for the crew the four crew members combined had 8,824 flying hours with just under 5,000 combat flying hours and 836 combat sorties the two pilots however had most of their hours in other platforms and were on their first MC12 deployment the mission Commander was a flow through pilot and was an experienced kc-135 Mission pilot with just under 1,800 total hours all pass check rides indicated a strong performance with no deviations the pilot was an experienced C130 pilot with just under 2,500 total hours they also had a history of strong performance check rides and this sorty was their first mission in Afghanistan on the MC12 there had also been a small DeLay So this was also his first flight in 26 days and he first flight on the MC12 in 45 days during the pre-flight procedures the crew faced two technical concerns first the left side fuel gauges appeared inoperative prompting the crew to call maintenance Personnel to investigate before any action was taken the gauges spontaneously corrected themselves shortly thereafter the crew noticed a delay in the electronic standby instrument system or esis and again maintenance was called but the issue resolved itself before before intervention was necessary these occurrences while unusual did not impact the crew's ability to proceed with the mission with all required checklist items and runup checks complete the crew were ready for departure at 11:57 local time 3 minutes ahead of schedule independent 08 took to the skies the crew had overcome the minor hurdles of the pre- flat phase and now turn their focus to the mission ahead unaware of the challenges that lay before them independent 08 embarked on what began as a routine Ascent towards its operational area however as the aircraft climbed the crew encountered isolated towering cumulus clouds massive formations that often dominate the skies in Afghanistan's unpredictable weather patterns these towering clouds stretching between 177,000 and 24,000 ft posed a growing challenge as the crew approached their designated Target area approximately 110 nautical miles Northeast of kaha Airfield as they maneuvered towards their mission area the crew maintained Focus relying heavily on their instruments to navigate through the partial cloud cover at 1229 local time the sensor operator reported that they were on station at 20,000 ft once the crew were established on their orbit it became clear that the weather would play a crucial role in the mission the flights screw had set up the aircraft in a leftand orbit around their objective with the power set for endurance at around 150 knots with the autopilot on however a large rapidly buildin towering cumulus cloud dominated the center of their operating area reaching altitudes as high as 24,000 ft This Cloud was dangerous to the aircraft with the turbulence and icing associated with it and it was starting to jeopardize the success of the mission the crew was starting to experience light to moderate turbulence while flying in and out of the surrounding clouds and the crew started to discuss their options they could move from their current position but this would reduce the cover they could offer plus they would have to renegotiate clearance into the surrounding tactical airspace they could descend below the cloud but this would put them more at risk of surface toare missiles they could climb above the cloud or they could just end the mission and return early potentially jeopardizing the safety of the troops below or losing the intelligence they would gather ending the mission early was only to be used if their safety was at risk and they were only 40 minutes into their mission so had plenty of fuel to use so they decided if the cloud became more of an issue they would climb above it at 12:40 43 minutes after taking off from Kandahar the growing Cloud continued to drift into the aircraft's orbit so the mission Commander made the decision to climb from their initial altitude of 20,000 ft to 23,000 ft after checking there were no aircraft above them they were cleared to climb to 23,000 ft the pilots then changed the altitude selector and then selected vertical speed or pitch for the autopilot to follow and climb to the requested height it is worth noting at this point that there are different methods of climbing with the autopilot on the King Air 350 and many other aircraft and they differ slightly as the aircraft uses different metrics to climb this is important to what happens next the two main selections are vertical speed and flight level change when vertical speed is selected the pilot will also select a rate of climb or descent for the aircraft to follow it's the rate of climb selected that the autopilots will ensure remains are constant speed is not considered and it is the responsibility of the pilot to control as there are no Auto throttles the other selection is flight level change which will climb or descend based on the speed selected by the pilot the autopilot will then adjust the rate of climb or descent based on the speed and power selected if the speed is low the aircraft will level or enter a very shallow climb to allow for the speed to increase before then increasing the rate of climb another less use method is pitch mode which like vertical speed mode will hold a specific pitch also selected by the pilot but does not adjust the speed so in this instance the pilot either selected pitch mode or vertical speed with a 500 ft per minute rate of climb the aircraft pitched up and they started to climb to 23,000 ft still looking out for the bad weather both Pilots alternated around looking out and ensuring the aircraft was set up for its new orbit at 23,000 ft the pilot and Mission Commander discussed setting up a new orbit in the flight management system the pilot then set up the new orbit and mentioned that he would insert it once they were established on their correct level whilst they were doing this the aircraft speed was reducing just 10 seconds into the climb the pilots noticed the aircraft speed was reducing and stated a little slow correcting the pilots moved the power levers forward which started to introduce more power to the climb another effect masked by the autopilot was that when the pilot increased the power to the propellers especially at a high angle of attack the engine's torque or P factor causes the aircraft to roll and ya to the left this was masked by the autopilot that moved the Yoke into the right Bank position to compensate for this phenomenon this was very quickly becoming a very dangerous position to being they were in a climbing left turn turn with slow air speed and with the power slowly increasing causing more roll to the left the increased height also increase the danger as the risk of stall increases as the air density is reduced 7 seconds after the pilot acknowledged the reducing speed the mission Commander then stated all right firewall this meant to move the power levers fully forward for maximum power this causes the engines to push Beyond its normal range and produce 156% torque for both engines this is permitted for a limit of 20 seconds but as we previously discussed with the engine torque adding left roll to the aircraft this caused greater than normal amounts of additional left Roll Just 1 second later the autopilot which was holding the control services to the right to combat The increased torque was disengaged by the pilot by moving the Yoke to the neutral position this add a further Left Bank to the already turning aircraft at this point the aircraft speed was at 116 knots the aircraft Bank increased dramatically the video feed for the sensor operator at the back was lost indicated to the crew that they had entered an increasingly extreme altitude simultaneously the bank angle warning activated indicating that the aircraft exceeded 50° of Bank the aircraft had entered a spin and was now entering clouds with the mission Commander calling for max power before then stating all right eyes inside eyes inside despite this the aircraft Store Warner sounded shortly after over the next 7 Seconds the flight deck was consumed with attempts to stabilize the aircraft but turbulence and rapid changes in altitude caused unsecured items to begin flying around amid the chaos the pilot exclaimed whoa pull up as the aircraft Control Systems entered an emergency no computed data mode in this mode the primary flights display removes all instrument readings except for red Chevrons that directs the pilot to pull up and recover from the unusual attitude the pilot was attempting to bring the aircraft attitude back to the Horizon but it had entered a spiral descent every time he pulled back on the Yoke to reduce the rate of descent it only increased it as the stor Wing kept the aircraft rolling to the left with all the chaos in the flights deck the mission Commander remained extremely calm stating eyes inside look at your air speed the air speed was now increasing rapidly towards their max speed of 245 knots the aircraft's rate of descent was increasing Beyond 10,000 ft per minute with the aircraft passing 18,000 ft with the local ground level being around 6,000 ft above sea level they had around 12,000 ft remaining the mission Commander then stated eyes inside eyes inside my aircraft power back with the pilot stating your aircraft at this point the rate of descent had increased to over 12,000 ft per minute with the mission Commander now in control he was trying to address the issues with both air speed and stability despite these efforts the aircraft overspeed warning and landing gear horn sounded in quick succession signaling that the throttles have been reduced towards Idol and that the aircraft speed had exceeded 245 knots the cockpit voice recorder fell silent with only the AAL warnings filling the air marking the final moment of the crew's Valiant struggle to regain control at 12:43 Independence 08 reached its tragic conclusion they impacted Valley terrain approximately 110 nautical miles Northeast of candahar Airfield the aircraft struck the ground with its fuselage slightly nose down and in a Left Bank investigators noted minimal forward momentum indicating that The Descent was Steep and uncontrolled in the moments before impact the force of the crash was devastating the MC12 was obliterated upon impact with much of the structure consumed by post crash fire the only significant portion of the aircraft found away from the main impact site was the right wing tip and winglet the rest of the debris field was remarkably compact with the majority of the wreckage contained within a 50 m radius this suggested that the aircraft was in a near vertical descent corroborating findings from flight data and cockpit recordings eyewitness accounts added further detail to the scene a local National living near the crash site reported seeing the aircraft descending in a pronounced left turn according to the testimony a puff or trail of black smoke emanated from the aircraft just before it struck the ground while the origin of the smoke is unclear it suggested a catastrophic failure in the final moments possibly related to the engine strain during the climb or the extreme aerodynamic forces in the spin for the crew of independent 08 there was no chance of survival the impact and subsequent fire made the crash site a somber Memorial to the four highly skilled Airmen who dedicated themselves to their mission the loss of independent 08 initiated an immediate and coordinated search and rescue effort at 1325 local time Freedom 14 another MC12 from a nearby unit was tasked with locating the wreckage and supporting the search and rescue Operation Freedom 14 was Airborne within minutes and arrived over the crash site by 1335 on approach the crew of Freedom 14 spotted the smoldering remains of Independence 08 nestled in the valley terrain where it had impacted at 1432 a ground team from Ford operating base Warrior reached the crash site their Grim task was to recover the remains of the four crew members just over 2 hours later at 16:35 local time the ground team reported back with the somber confirmation four Heroes recovered the operation did not end there at 2130 a second ground team arrived to recover additional equipment and conduct a more detailed investigation the crash site posed significant security risks due to its remote location and the ongoing threat of insurgent activity to prevent sensitive technology from falling into the wrong hands the decision was made to destroy the remaining wreckage in place after the second team completed their mission explosives were used to ensure the debris could not be salvaged or exploited by hostile forces the operation underscored the professionalism and determination by Coalition forces to respond swiftly to crisis even in the most challenging circumstances the recovery of the falling Airmen and the protection of sensitive materials from the crash site were achieved with Precision ensuring the legacy of independent 08 crew remained untarnished by their tragic loss the accident investigation board noted that the cause of the mishap was a stall due to ins efficient air speed while in a climbing left turn which developed into a left spin followed quickly by a highspeed spiral from which the crew was unable to recover additionally each of the following three factors substantially contributed to the mishap the orbit weather had impeded visibility and masked The Horizon Pilots inexperience in the MC12 and known MC12 program risks associated with sustaining required combat capability in theater this incident really sits close to my heart I have flown similar aircraft in the past and have worked alongside the US Air Force both here in the UK and previously in Afghanistan I know the professionalism they display and this is an example of it the crew of independent 08 were professional to the end remaining calm and clear throughout the incident and showing true courage to the end it is also commendable for the US Air Force to publish this report for the public to view many other militaries keep military crashes private but like I say with all these incidents there are always lessons that could be learned from these tragedies to make Aviation safer for everyone I hope you found this video interesting apologies for the slightly nasal voice I'm just recovering from the worst case of man flu in the world please like the video and subscribe if you can fly safe and as always I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CuriousPilot90 [22 likes]: I hope you found this video interesting! There was a slight font issue when uploading, this is currently being fixed in the background.

Thanks for watching :)
  2. @worrierqueen5695 [3 likes]: What could the pilot have done to recover from the spin?
  3. @juicyjules7409 [1 likes]: 😮😢wow ugh
  4. @calvinnickel9995 [1 likes]: Ive got over 5000 hours on the King Air 300 variants.  

The use of VS is appropriate for instances when you need to expedite the climb… like vertical deviations over thunderstorms or if ATC tells you to expedite the climb.  

This is because FLC is very slow.  It was originally designed to change flight levels so it produces very low G forces.. so that flight attendants could continue meal and drink service in the back. Think of it like an elevator… capable of very high speeds.. but it takes a long time to speed up or slow down.  

The important thing when using VS or PITCH to initiate the climb is to:

1) Set a VS or PITCH that the aircraft is capable of maintaining.  

2) Brief the other pilot about the non-standard configuration and the risks.  

3) Add power as appropriate.  

4) Be prepared to engage FLC when airspeed is too low.  

Me personally.. I always keep my finger on the FLC button ready to engage it if I’m climbing in VS.  

One of the perils of automation is that it does a lot of things very well.. but requires CONSTANT monitoring.  Especially in pilot command modes like HDG, PITCH, and VS as well as Altitude Capture mode where you have to anticipate the change in power (classic power off stall is going down on VNAV PATH, capturing selected altitude, and running out of airspeed because your power is still set for descent).
  5. @jfkastner [1 likes]: Great Analysis, thank you. RIP
  6. @flyingwithmichael8976 [1 likes]: I used to think the King Air was a safe aircraft. Now I'm not so sure. Too many crashes.
  7. @illige [1 likes]: I was SSgt Daniel Fannin’s direct/rating supervisor. He was the Sensor Operator on that mission. He was experienced and qualified. Additionally, it was not his first rotation.

Not a single day does by where my military service is mentioned that i don’t think of him, his wife, and his family. 

He was a warrior and phenomenal Airman. 

The only reason this aircraft went down was severe ice build up due to the inability to change altitude. After the boots were “pooped,” there wasn’t much to be done. The icing was heavier than anyone expected and they could not decend low enough to clear the ice cloud. 

The final messages to the families from the crew were devastating. 

RIP brothers

I cannot watch this entire video.
  8. @behindthen0thing [1 likes]: My buddy is the one who launched that aircraft.
  9. @safa4786 [1 likes]: great vid as usual.!
  10. @safa4786 [1 likes]: Using Vs or pitch for climb on autopilot is always a risk. One should use the publish climb speeds in IAS mode for each 5000 foot segment of climb.-this way you avoid inadvertently stalling.
  11. @AtlasDocs-1811: This crash is haunting because it wasn’t just one mistake — it feels like a chain of small failures that kept closing every escape route. King Air 350 stories always remind me how unforgiving aviation can be.
  12. @thejasonknightfiascoband5099: Could they have used the autopilot as soon as they realized they were in trouble???
  13. @Martinko_Pcik: It sounds like a buggy software that prioritizes the rate of climb before the safe speed.
  14. @ChilliBean50: What about the wing tip found away from the wreck? Bird strike with a heavy bird at high altitude at the exact same time that air speed was declining? Right wing tip broken off leading to spiral as in the Gol flight over Brazil?
  15. @sigbauer9782: Isn't this the flight that Bane hijacked?
  16. @noname-hb8vk: Americans, go home please...🙏🙄😑
You and your mission...🤦‍♀️
  17. @UnitedWeStand-g7u: YouTube has gotten so bad that at least half of the videos are filled with ads peddling products I have no interest in, and no desire to purchase. 
I wonder how many advertisers realize most do their ad spend is being wasted on the wrong target audience? 
It’s infuriating. 😡😡😡😡
  18. @inertiacreeps-r9h: Come on !!! Give me a break. How on Gods earth can Afigani villagers who live like they did when they defeated Russian invading force How could these Villagers go to a crash site So Catostrophic and end up with sensitive anything!! ?? Sorry it was blown to Smithereens for 2nd time as a Cover up By FRIENDLY SO CALLED FORCES please insult to my intelligence.
  19. @inertiacreeps-r9h: Dear English man It is quite quite blatantly obvious that Enemy fire !!! At best a rocket propelled grenade of which Afghanistan army had very few Blatantly obvious that Enemy fire can not reach a military laiden aircraft orbiting for reconnaissance reasons at or above 30.000 feet !!!! Can not reach said Target . You are stating the bleeding Obvious
  20. @normanappleton3627: The compact nature of the debris field is indicative of a flat spin!. Although not published and , in some cases, strongly denied, it is possible in each of the linage from the Travel Air through to the 360 / 1900

- King Air Propeller Demonstration: Kind: captions Language: en just my start sequence for starting the king uh you know have any cowlings on because you just done any compressor wash its gonna run it now to get it all dried up in that goosebumps are on once the battery switches on close the Gentiles check that there then check there's no unnecessary the electrics on/off just push the beacon light on on everybody that I'm starting checking the condition of the battery it's in very good condition sir we'll start number one engine now the switch for that [Music] could hear the igniters and with my left hand I'm advancing the field lever now introducing till becomes love that turbine sound a king a 90px the cowlings of ancients are off course we've just watch the compressors but I'm going to just advance the crop lever say you see the mechanism working we're looking at that mechanism there but it's just the the prop governor when I bought top leave us now you should see that live as I will that you can see that mechanism moving truck from bed that's to fine seat up mechanism moving and the governor takes over the party rambling as the blades go fine that's also indicated on the probe implications on the engine parameters last now with the props they are the blades have turned mine and I'm going to feather them again okay so that's the crops the crooks put it forward and fine I'm now going to pull these leavers back into the desert position and you'll see the mechanism itself now the problem of method and the RPM has reduced to 410 point beneath but every day you can feed another shutdown procedure I would normally have transfer comes across sweet the standby indicates rathore reading off switch the avionics or Ithaca has been charging during the flight and what I'm going to do now is I'm going to move these conditioned leave us back and that will down the engine as I move them back in Sofia that it's doing its job feels removed from the system and the engines are shut down and then I wait for the N ones to drop below 10% which they have to switch off the electric boost pumps for the fuel system and we're good everything's shut down and the master switch goes off

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeylful [1 likes]: Great video thanks mate
  2. @Insearchofjustice [1 likes]: Very cool
  3. @kutyafal [1 likes]: Hello, fantastic to see this! The red band position below the propeller lever feather position, what is it for? Is that also feather?
  4. @USAMontanan [1 likes]: I was watching and just thinking about how much I love the sound of turbines when you said it for me!
  5. @wernerschulte6245 [1 likes]: Very interesting indeed !  Thanks for this demonstration. I am not used to turboprops, flying only small piston engines. What about the fuel consumption during feathering ? Does it increase because of the higher resistance of the prop ?
  6. @TheOneTrueSpLiT [1 likes]: Wouldn't it be fascinating to be able to see through the whole of the engine as if it were glass and be able to observe all of the internal workings.  CGI animations can provide this but they're not the "real deal", maybe in the future a material will be designed that would allow this.
  7. @NorthwestAeronaut [1 likes]: This was great to see behind the curtain a bit. Thank you 👍
  8. @RedLP5000S [1 likes]: I had no idea that the propellers can be repositioned.
  9. @noblegoldheart8508 [1 likes]: 0:55 I love that sound when a king air starts! I've gotten to work on some king airs in the hangar I work at, while they're a little difficult as far as their engineering goes, they are a joy to look at, and a joy to be around. King Air is easily one of the best planes ever built.
  10. @paulhatfield498 [1 likes]: Does running in the feathered position make the power turbines run hotter ? Going from fine to featherd lost you something like 65% prop RPM. Are there any drawbacks to that kind of speed loss ?
Great video by the way!!
  11. @deoclescorso5687 [1 likes]: Fantástica tecnologia!
  12. @matty904: The algo indeed blessed this video. Very nice 👌
  13. @leokimvideo: I saw flames, im happy
  14. @Pooptart518: i allways know the sound these props make when takeing off i live 10 miles from alb int i can hear them takeing off
  15. @tomtonks7047: absolutely love this
  16. @youknoweverything7643: The company I am a private pilot for I'm 33 years old and they have 2 beautiful king airs and a Gulfstream  G700 that I have confirmed that the Gulfstream g700 will top out at 0.999 Mach with a tail wind even though the g700 is a really fast fun jet I love flying the king airs better they are like the demon hellcat of the private airport
  17. @09shadowjet: Question: How short can a King Air takes off let's say at an airfield with 25 feet MSL elevation and an OAT of 30°C, wind calm? And can it takeoff from a grass runway?
  18. @realamerican1555: That was incredible. Very few vids that have an actual person with actual knowledge. Would love to see the inside mechanical part of pitch
  19. @maheralazzawi7814: good job
  20. @marwan75: Thanks captain for the excellent demonstration 👌

- Gulfstream G650 vs. Bombardier Global 7500 – Jet Battle of the Billionaires: Kind: captions Language: en Two titans of the sky locked in an aerial duel that most of us will only ever witness from economy class. The Gulfream G650 and the Bombardier Global 7,500. These aren't just private jets. They're airborne empires where billiondoll deals close before touchdown. Where the ultra wealthy decide the fate of markets over vintage champagne. And where the line between luxury and absurdity becomes beautifully blurred. Today, we're putting these flying fortunes head-to-head in the ultimate high alitude showdown. The G650, Gulfream's legendary flagship that revolutionized ultra-ongrange travel versus Bombardier's game-changing global 7,500. The jet that dared to redefine what's possible at 41,000 ft. But when two aeronautical heavyweights enter the ring, only one can emerge as the undisputed champion of the stratosphere. So, buckle up. Turbulence not included. Cabin. Let's start with the reason billionaires buy these jets in the first place. The cabin. Think of it as the world's most exclusive real estate with a view that changes by the hour. The Gulfream G650 offers a cabin that stretches 53 feet and 7 in long with a width of 8 ft and 6 in and a height of 6 ft and 5 in. What Gulfream does brilliantly is maximize natural light with 16 of their signature oval windows, the largest in the industry. The G650's cabin bathes in sunshine, creating an atmosphere that feels more like a luxury penthouse than an aircraft. The windows are positioned at exactly the right height, so seated passengers can actually see the horizon without craning their necks. A subtle but meaningful detail that shows GFRA's obsession with passenger comfort. The cabin accommodates up to 18 passengers with handcrafted seats that convert into fully flat beds. Now step aboard the Global 7,500 and you'll immediately notice the difference. This isn't just a cabin. It's a four zone living space stretching 54 feet and 5 in long. Bombardier has created what they call the living suite, dining suite, entertainment suite, and master suite. Essentially giving passengers four distinct rooms at cruising altitude. The master suite features a permanent bed, not a conversion, with a full-size shower in its onsuite bathroom. Yes, you heard that right, a proper shower at 41,000 ft. The Global's newage seats, French for cloud, feature the first new seat architecture in business aviation in 30 years with a deep recline position and a floating base that tracks forward as you recline. Where the G650 exudes classic luxury with its symmetrical design and timeless aesthetics, the Global 7,500 embraces a more residential approach. Both maintain a low cabin altitude of less than 5,500 ft when cruising at 41,000 ft, reducing fatigue. And both keep cabin noise levels whisper quiet under 49 dB. The Global 7,500 pulls decisively ahead with its sole lighting system, dynamic daylight simulation technology that helps reduce jet lag by subtly adjusting cabin lighting to help passengers bodies adapt to destination time zones. The G650 counters with its 100% fresh air replenishment system that replaces all cabin air every 2 minutes. In a post-pandemic world, this air quality advantage resonates strongly with healthconscious executives. Cockpit. Moving to the cockpit, the G650 features Gulfream's Plane View 2 avionic suite with four 14in LCD displays, synthetic vision, and enhanced visual systems that transform the most challenging approaches into a video gamelike experience. The G650's heads up display projects critical flight information onto a transparent screen in the pilot's line of sight, allowing them to monitor instruments while keeping eyes outside the aircraft. Combined with its enhanced vision system, essentially night vision for pilots, the G650 can land in conditions that would ground lesser aircraft. The Global 7,500 counters with its Bombardier Vision flight deck featuring four 15-in displays with the industry's first combined vision system, merging infrared and synthetic imagery for unprecedented situational awareness. What sets the 7,500 apart is its flybywire system with side stick controllers instead of traditional yolks, creating a more spacious cockpit and offering finer control inputs. This advanced flight control system also enables the 7,500's envelope protection features, preventing pilots from exceeding the aircraft's performance limitations. Performance now, now let's talk raw performance, because what good is a luxury suite if it can't get you where you need to go? The G650 is powered by two Rolls-Royce BR725 engines, each producing 16,100 lb of thrust. This gives it a maximum speed of Mach 0.925, about 700 mph, making it among the fastest civilian aircraft in the sky. With a maximum range of 7,500 nautical miles, the G650 can fly non-stop from New York to Beijing or Los Angeles to Sydney. It climbs like a rocket, reaching 41,000 ft in just 20 minutes and cruises comfortably at 51,000 ft, well above commercial traffic and weather. The Global 7,500, meanwhile, is powered by two GE Passport engines, each delivering 18,920 lb of thrust. Where the 7,500 truly shines is range. At 7,700 nautical miles, it can fly 200 nautical miles farther than the G650. The difference between a non-stop flight and an inconvenient fuel stop. The 7,500's superior range comes partly from its advanced wing design. Bombardier's smooth flex wing adapts throughout the flight, optimizing its profile for different phases. During takeoff and landing, it maximizes lift. At cruise, it minimizes drag. Costs. Now for the question everyone wants answered. How much do these flying palaces cost? A new Gulfream G650 will set you back approximately $65 million before customization. Want a particular wood veneer or handstitched leather? Add several million more. Annual operating costs. Expect to spend about $4 million to $5 million if you fly about 400 hours per year. That's roughly $10,000 per hour. If you're just looking to charter, expect to pay between $9,000 and $11,000 per hour depending on the route and demand. The global $7,500 commands and even higher premium. Base price starts at $73 million before your personal touches are added. Operating costs run slightly higher than the G650 at around $5 million to $5.5 million annually or about $12,500 per hour of flight time. Charter rates for the Global 7,500 run between $10,500 and $13,000 per hour. The price of ultimate exclusivity. Beyond the purchase price, ownership involves complex considerations. Both aircraft require crews of at least four, two pilots and two cabin crew with annual salaries exceeding $500,000. Hangar space at prime airports can cost upwards of $250,000 annually. Insurance. Expect to pay about $500,000 per year. And don't forget maintenance. These aircraft require service after every 100 to 200 flight hours with major inspections costing millions. Engine overhauls needed every 3,000 to 4,000 hours can cost 4 million to $5 million per engine. Even among billionaires, outright ownership of these jets is rare. Most opt for fractional ownership programs or jet cards that provide access without the full financial burden of ownership. So, which flying Fortress reigns supreme? The Gulfream G650 offers slightly better airport performance, a legacy of proven reliability, and a cabin bathed in natural light. The Global 7500 counters with greater range, a four zone cabin with dedicated bedroom and advanced anti-jet lag technology. For pure speed and airport flexibility, the G650 holds the edge. For ultimate space and range, the Global 7,500 takes the crown. In this rarified air, the choice often comes down to personal preference rather than objective superiority. B.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [3 likes]: 1) 🤩 CHECK OUT OUR BRAND NEW SHOP! Go to: https://bit.ly/wol-shop

2) ✈️ Thanks for watching! Share this video with friends, family and groups. This way, you help bring this content to everyone and drop a comment with your thoughts or suggestions. We value your input.
Thanks! 🙌✨
  2. @UsmanGhani-mv9xs [3 likes]: both r best in his class.
  3. @gezzy-rv7sq [1 likes]: Dassault Falcon also has something to compete with!
  4. @mrvalour3946: Bombardier Global 7500

- Gulfstream G650 vs Bombardier Global 7500 - Full Review: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome enthusiasts. Today we bring you a head-to-head showdown between two titans of ultra long range private aviation. Picture stepping into the exclusive world where performance, luxury, and capability converge. On one side stands the Gulfream G650, an icon of speed and range admired across the globe for its cuttingedge technology and design. On the other, the Bombaday Global 7500, a modern marvel renowned for its unmatched range and cabin sophistication. Both jets are crafted to carry their passengers across continents in seamless comfort and with unrivaled efficiency. They aren't just jets. They're statements of purpose, power, and prestige. The GFream G650, introduced in 2012, became an instant icon with its sleek aesthetics and groundbreaking range capabilities. In contrast, the Bomberday Global 7500, certified in 2018, aimed to outclass its competition with even more range and cabin versatility. While both jets cater to elite flyers, they embody different philosophies of design and operation. In this detailed comparison, we'll explore each aircraft's acquisition cost, operational expenses, and life cycle. We'll also look into cabin comfort, financing possibilities, and how these jets transform personal and business travel. The race between these two industry leaders is closer than ever. So, buckle up as we dive into this ultimate jet matchup. Acquiring a GFream G650 is no small feat. With prices reflecting its prestige and performance, a pre-owned G650 typically costs around $42 million. While newer models can command upwards of $65 million depending on their configuration, the extended range G650 ER variant can even touch the $70 million mark. Meanwhile, depreciation remains moderate due to the G650's strong resale market. Customization options can affect pricing considerably as owners often select bespoke interiors. Evaluating the investment value is crucial for prospective buyers. Bomberday's Global 7500 being newer and more advanced in several aspects comes with a steeper price tag. A brand new Global 7500 costs approximately $75 million, while used models vary from 61 to $72 million. These prices depend on the jet's age, condition, and level of customization. Thanks to its advanced avionics and superior range, the Global 7500 commands high resale values. Its recent market entry also ensures that most pre-owned units are relatively young. Buyers should anticipate competitive pricing and limited depreciation in the first few years. When comparing these two jets, it's important to note how price correlates with capability. While the G650 often appeals to those valuing brand prestige and proven track record, the Global 7500 attracts owners seeking cuttingedge tech and maximum range. Overall investment in either aircraft includes not only the sticker price, but also considerations like customization, maintenance plans, and potential resale. Market dynamics and demand also influence value retention. Prospective buyers must assess both short-term costs and long-term asset performance. Fixed operating costs are a major aspect of private jet ownership, and the G650 is no exception. Annual fixed expenses, including hanger fees, crew salaries, insurance, and scheduled maintenance, typically total between 1.3 and $ 1.5 million. These figures can vary significantly depending on the aircraft's base of operation and usage patterns. A hanger in a major metropolitan area will cost more than one in a rural region, contributing to variance. Insurance premiums are influenced by the aircraft's mission profile and pilot qualifications. Salaries for a professional crew can easily top six figures per year, $500 to $600,000. All these elements form the backbone of fixed operational budgeting. The Bomberday Global 7500 with its larger footprint and complex systems incur slightly higher fixed costs. Owners typically budget around 1.4 to 1.6 million annually to cover essentials like hanger rental, crew compensation, insurance, and scheduled maintenance. The jet's advanced technology and greater cabin volume can lead to increased servicing requirements. Sophisticated systems demand specialized technicians, which can impact service contracts and costs. Some owners opt for extended manufacturer support programs to ensure thorough coverage. The investment supports greater in-flight luxury and mission flexibility. The added expense may prove worthwhile depending on usage intensity. Comparing the two, the differences in fixed cost isn't dramatic, but accumulates over time, particularly for frequent flyers. Your operational strategy, whether high frequency, long haul travel, or occasional executive missions, will influence which aircraft offers better value. Aircraft management firms can streamline budgeting and optimize cost efficiency. Tax treatments, and depreciation schedules also play into long-term financial planning. Strategic ownership structuring can improve capital recovery. Ultimately, forecasting and proactive budgeting are essential tools. These jets demand planning as elite as their performance. Variable operating costs fluctuate based on how much you fly and under what conditions. For the G650, fuel burn averages about $475 gall per hour, leading to a fuel cost of around $2,850 at $6 per gallon, including maintenance, landing, and handling fees. The G650's cost per flight hour is around $10,000. Engine and parts wear also contribute significantly to hourly expenses and can increase costs if not managed well. Opting into engine maintenance programs can reduce surprise costs and smooth cash flow. High usage amplifies these variable figures quickly, especially for frequent intercontinental trips. Accurate budgeting for each hour flowing is crucial to long-term ownership planning. The Global 7500, while larger, is surprisingly efficient in its class thanks to modern engine design and optimized aerodynamics. It burns approximately $500 to 530 gall of fuel per hour, costing about 3,00 to $3,180 per hour at current fuel rates. Total variable costs land around 10 to $11,000 per flight hour, which includes expenses like maintenance, parts, landing fees, and crew per DM. This efficiency makes it more economical over long hauls despite its size. Maintenance costs are also influenced by usage and the inclusion of support programs which help avoid unexpected expenses. Regular inspections help maintain performance and predict costs more accurately over time. These factors contribute to stable and efficient operations. When considering total variable expenses, both aircraft are in the same ballpark with marginal differences that could sway a costconscious owner. Choosing between them may come down to specific operational needs like average flight time, destinations, and airport access. If you frequently fly long transcontinental or trans oceanionic routes, the Global 7500's extra range can offer savings by avoiding repositioning or fuel stops. Conversely, the G650's widespread service network and proven reliability may appeal for more highfrequency global travelers. Understanding your typical mission profile is essential when evaluating operational costs. A detailed cost analysis based on real travel patterns is recommended. The GFream G650 is a powerhouse of performance, offering a maximum range of 7,000 nautical miles. It flies at a top speed of Mach 0.925 and high-speed cruises comfortably at Mach 0.90. With a maximum service ceiling of 51,000 ft, it can soar above weather and commercial traffic. These features make it ideal for non-stop flights between major international cities. Flight planning is straightforward, and the aircraft can utilize shorter runways than many jets in its class. This performance mix allows for both speed and flexibility. The Bombberday Global 7500 takes it a step further, boasting a range of 7,700 nautical miles. Like the G650, it reaches a top speed of Mach 0.925, but adds more endurance to the mix. Its service ceiling also hits 51,000 ft, ensuring a smooth ride above turbulence. The Global 7500 can link virtually any two cities in the world without refueling. This extended capability allows for more direct routing and fewer stops. It's particularly suited for highfrequency, long ultra range missions. Both jets are well suited for the global traveler with performance metrics that exceed most business needs. While the G650 offers slightly better runway flexibility, the 7500 shines with its extended range and newer systems. Factors like flight duration, typical routes, and airport access should guide your decision. Both aircraft are capable of impressive performance under diverse conditions. Your mission profile ultimately determines the better fit. Cabin comfort is a highlight of the Gulfream G650, which seats up to 19 passengers across multiple zones. The cabin stretches 46 ft 10 in in length and spans 8'2 in in width, offering plenty of room for relaxation, work, and dining. With its signature panoramic windows, the interior is bathed in natural light, enhancing the spacious feel. A low cabin altitude reduces fatigue during long flights, and the noise insulation ensures a serene experience. Entertainment systems, high-speed connectivity, and custom lighting controls round out the luxury. Each G650 is tailored to the owner's preferences, offering a unique blend of style and function. The Global 7500 takes luxury to new heights with its impressive four zone cabin layout that measures over 54 ft, 5 in in length. Inside you'll find a full galley capable of preparing gourmet meals, a permanent bedroom for restful sleep, and the only stand-up shower in its class. The Global 7500 can accommodate up to 19 passengers. The newage seating system, exclusive to Bomber Day, provides unmatched ergonomic comfort on lawn halls. Mood lighting, touchscreen environmental controls, and high-speed internet enhance the passengers experience. Whether for work or leisure, the cabin supports a seamless journey. It's effectively a luxury penthouse at 51,000 ft. Both cabins set the standard for in-flight comfort and functionality, making them favorites among global travelers, while the G650 offers exceptional ambiance and customizability. The Global 7500 adds more physical space and built-in luxury. Mission specific needs often determine the better choice between them. Some prioritize a dedicated bedroom. Others prefer customizable workspaces. For non-stop global routes, the 7500's amenities are particularly appealing. Yet, Gfream's meticulous design philosophy continues to impress even the most discerning jet owners. In the end, both cabins provide elite high performance luxury above the clouds. Owning either of these jets opens up a lifestyle of freedom and efficiency. They're ideal for corporate executives managing international operations, enabling direct travel between headquarters and global branches. Celebrities and high-n networth individuals also benefit from the privacy and convenience they offer. They allow access to destinations not served by commercial airlines on your schedule. Families can use these aircraft for leisure, flying to remote or exclusive vacation spots with minimal hassle. These jets can be configured for personal use with sleeping areas, dining setups, and entertainment systems. They support a seamless travel experience, especially for those who value discretion. Jet ownership also enhances travel readiness for emergencies or lastminute decisions. Convenience becomes part of daily life. Additionally, owners may choose to offset costs through chartering. Management companies can handle bookings, crew staffing, and maintenance. While this approach won't make ownership profitable, it can defay some operational expenses. Strategic planning and usage optimization are key. Jet cards and fractional programs are alternative pathways for those not ready for full ownership. Financing such a significant purchase involves multiple options. Banks, leasing firms, and specialized aviation lenders provide structured solutions. Loan terms typically range from 5 to 15 years with competitive interest rates. Some buyers opt for leasing to preserve capital for other ventures. Tax implications and asset depreciation are important considerations. Consulting a financial adviser is essential. The life cycle of a private jet like the G650 or the Global 7500 can span 30 years or more. With proper care, these aircraft retain excellent operational and resale value. Routine inspections, component upgrades, and refurbishments are part of the journey. Manufacturer support programs extend service life and ensure compliance. Technology updates also improve avionics and performance. These jets age gracefully with proper stewardship. Planning for resale is also a wise strategy. Gulfream and Bombberday aircraft typically maintain strong market demand. Documentation, flight logs, and maintenance history significantly impact resale value. Choosing popular configurations can enhance appeal to future buyers. Ownership is as much about the journey as it is the investment. Strategic planning ensures long-term satisfaction. In conclusion, the Gulfream G650 and the Barbad Global 7500 are elite aircraft that redefine what's possible in private aviation. The G650 delivers reliability, brand prestige, and proven performance. While the Global 7500 brings innovation, extended range, and unparalleled luxury. Ownership involves more than just the purchase. It's a commitment to a lifestyle. With proper planning and management, these jets offer unmatched mobility, comfort, and value. For global achievers and discerning travelers, either choice is a gateway to the world. Choose wisely and the sky is truly the limit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JetStream-: 📬 The JetStream Briefing — our free weekly newsletter on private aviation.
Each week, we break down one aircraft in detail — costs, ownership, and insights from the hangar.

Join here → https://jetstream.global/

No spam. No fluff. Just clear, data-driven aviation talk.

- The comparison of Bombardier Global 7500 and Gulfstream 700 new beast #USA #Europe #Canada: Kind: captions Language: en bombardier aviation and gulfstream are two aviation giants in this video we will compare the two largest aircrafts the bombardier global 7500 and the gulfstream g700 in october 2014 bombardier announced global 7500 series aircraft originally named the 7000 made its first flight on november 2016 it was certified by transport canada and entered services on december 2018 [Music] the 7500 series aircraft is based on the global 6000 with a new transonic wing the longer fuselage and 4 zone cabin the aircraft fly-by-wire system architecture is based on the c-series aircraft the gulfstream g700 is equipped with the rolls-royce pearl 700 engine able to operate on sustainable aviation fuel the gulfstream 700 is an industry benchmark for sustainability and innovation allowing the airline to operate one of the cleanest and quietest business jets the g700 cabin the industry's most spacious can be configured for up to five living areas including an ultra galley with 10 feet of counter space a dedicated crew space an entertainment and presentation area a six-person conference and dining area and a grand suite with shower in 2016 bombardier global 7500 series aircraft entered service as of now the company has received over 250 orders and bombardier considered 2020 to be a successful year for the global 7500 as they delivered 35 aircraft to various customers and the company celebrated the milestone delivery of the 50th global 7500 on march 2021 the gulfstream g700 has a payload capacity of 2896 kilograms which is higher than the bombardier 7500 which has a payload capacity of around 2585 kilograms the gulfstream g700 cabin is nearly 57 feet long while the bombardier global 7500 cabin is 54 feet 5 inches long which is slightly shorter than the g700 the global 7500 has a general electric passport engine that produces 84.2 kilo newtons whereas the g700 has a rolls-royce pearl 700 engine that produces 81.2 kilo newtons the bombardier global 7500 has a range of 14 250 kilometers and the gulfstream 700 has a range of up hundred to 13 kilometers in this segment bombardier is the clear winner in terms of range capacity the ceiling level capacity of the two aircrafts is approximately 51 000 feet the gulfstream g700 requires more runways to take off whereas the bombardier g7500 can take off in less than 200 meters and the landing distance for both aircraft is the same which is around 768 meters with the typical weight the bombardier global 7500 has a maximum takeoff weight of around 52 096 kilograms while the gulfstream g700 has a maximum takeoff eight weight of 48 kilograms the majority of private jet prices are determined by the aircraft's capacity and range of engines gulfstream and bombardier are two excellent aerospace companies that are constantly introducing new technologies to the market the global 7500 will cost you at least 73 million dollars while the g 700 will cost you at least around 75 million dollars please leave your thoughts on the global 7500 and gulfstream g700 aircraft in the comments section below and if you're new to our channel please subscribe and give us a thumbs up if you liked our video please subscribe to our channel you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeJones-iq8zo [2 likes]: For the stability and control performance, Global 7500 is clearly the winner
  2. @alansmith0928 [1 likes]: 2:30 a simple google serach will tell you those numbers are completely false
  3. @canalsbr [1 likes]: gulfstream wins because rolls royce engines
  4. @EhabTaher-u8g [1 likes]: When the G700 will be in service ? 
I've flown the B7500 and it's really good bird ,quiet and very reliable 
The operation cost of the Gulfstream is higher
  5. @saudibert5626 [1 likes]: Bombardier of corse !
  6. @musthafaiqbalaziz7407 [1 likes]: Can i screnshot?
  7. @pauldowdymd4404: I would take either her, but I prefer the G700👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  8. @rotechs: Great. I have decided which one I want. Now how do I get the money to buy one! 😂
  9. @阿飞黄: G700！！
  10. @richardliu7499: Sorry do not buy Amercian made as the spare parts will cost you a leg and arm.
  11. @hopetonsmallingrealtechguru: I’m a fan of both jets!!
  12. @Jonathan-iq3sg: I can't afford either one. 😂
  13. @amilcarreyes5718: You forgot to mention that the global 7500 is supersonic.
  14. @georgemichaels2325: If you watch the Company video, you would know that take off and landing is comparable to the average light weight jet. I watched their video, and the landing distance was under 1,400 ft. and take off was around          2, 600 ft. Watch the Bombardier 7500 video brochure. Especially the takeoff and landing to verify the distance.
  15. @douglasdennett4583: This viewer loves the idea of flying private to the Next Ms. Angelina Jordan's Magical Jazz & Pop Music Concert - OMG.!!! Yes.!!!
  16. @Krunchy71: Its hard to take a channel seriously when they can't pronounce Bombardier.
  17. @CS-zz6hp: Both beautiful but way too expensive.  For 75 million you can buy a 220 ft. super yacht!
  18. @ChristopherStanley-Northpoint: Come on buddies of Canada help a little buddy out. I still want my 10 G8000 ASAP but if you wanna make a deal on G7500 new available now for Northpoint Gforce cause I gotta get these Central employees and families back and forth safely. Research says it's a significant part of Canada GDP plus parts from England making it politically and allied friendly. Tell Justin quit being a slacker. We also need some land for the ranch outside white horse. Please update me ASAP. 76 million per G8000 and 73 Million G7500 I've got 10 G8000 2 which I could use ASAP so that's 76 billion and depending on G7500  it could be 73 billion more and this is cash purchase.
  19. @lawrence.centinales: don’t really know much about plane engines but i heard the rolls royce engine has been in the aircraft industry for a while not sure how reliable the ge counterpart is.
  20. @Zeeshan-y6h: No bro gilfyream 7500 actual price is 72 million

- The $75M Showdown: Gulfstream G650 vs Bombardier Global 7500: Kind: captions Language: en One of these jets can fly you from New York to Hong Kong nonstop while you sleep in a literal master suite. The other has been the undisputed king of the skies for a decade, favored by the world's most elite CEOs. But today, the crown is slipping. Behind the $75 million price tags lies a secret. One of these aircraft has a hidden engineering flaw that the other solved with a revolutionary wing design. By the end of this video, you'll see exactly why one billionaire just spent $5 million just to cancel his order for one and switch to the other. Welcome to the ultimate showdown. The Gulfream G650 versus the Bombardier Global 7500. In the world of ultra-ong range private aviation, there are planes and then there are time machines. For years, the Gulfream G650 was the gold standard. If you were a member of the Forbes 400, you owned a G650. It was the ultimate status symbol, combining Mach.925 speed with the iconic oval windows that told the world you had arrived. But then, Bombardier did the unthinkable. They didn't just build a competitor. They built a clean sheet disruptor. The Global 7500 arrived with more range, more rooms, and a seating technology that claims to cure jet lag using NASA inspired science. Today, we aren't just looking at leather seats in goldplated cup holders. We are diving deep into the avionics, the thrust to weight ratios, the cabin altitudes, and the brutal depreciation cycles to find out which jet truly earns the title of best in the world. Let's start with the first thing anyone sees, the ramp presence, the Gulfream G650. When you pull up to a private terminal in a G650, people know. Its 16 massive oval windows are the largest in aviation. It's a design language that screams old money. But don't let the classic looks fool you. The G650 is a beast. With a wingspan of nearly 100 ft and those signature swept back wings, it's designed to slice through the air at 92% the speed of sound. The Global 7500. The Global 7500 is longer, sleeker, and looks like a Predator. But its real secret isn't the length. It's the smooth flex wing. Unlike the rigid wings on older jets, the 7500's wing acts like a shock absorber for the air. It flexes and bends to neutralize turbulence. While G650 passengers might feel a bump at 45,000 ft, Global 7500 passengers are often told they've landed because they didn't even realize they were descending. Let's look at the nerd numbers. This is where the 30,000 mph deals are made. Range. The standard G650 offers 7,000 nautical miles. The G650 ER extended range bumps that to 7,500 nautical miles. That's London to Buenoises without breaking a sweat. But the Global 7500, it holds the record for the longest flight ever by a purpose-built business jet. It boasts a staggering 7700 nautical mile range. That extra 200 miles might not sound like much, but it's the difference between landing in Singapore or having to stop for fuel in a place you'd rather not be. It connects city pairs like New York to Hong Kong or San Francisco to Singapore with ease. Speed. Both jets are capped at a maximum operating speed of Mach 0.925. At this speed, you're flying just below the sound barrier. However, there is a nuance here. The G650 was built for high-speed cruise efficiency. It wants to go fast. The Global 7500, powered by the massive GE Passport engines, provide nearly 19,000 lbs of thrust per side. These aren't just engines. They are scaled down versions of the engines found on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. They're quieter, more efficient, and reach their top speed with less vibration. Here is where the Global 7500 starts to pull ahead in the engineering race. Usually, the bigger the jet, the longer the runway it needs. The G650 requires about 5,858 ft of runway to get off the ground at maximum weight. That's standard for this class. But the Global 7500, despite being a larger, heavier aircraft, can take off in just 5,800 ft. Why does this matter? It means the Global 7500 can access tight airports like London City or Aspen, Colorado, where other heavy jets are banned. Imagine owning a $75 million jet and being told you can't land at your favorite ski resort. With the Global, that's rarely an issue. If the exterior is about status, the interior is about survival. When you're flying 14 hours straight, the cabin isn't just a room, it's your entire world. The Gulfream G650 is legendary for its spaciousness. It offers a cabin width of 8'6 in, which is slightly wider than the Bombardier. This extra width makes the aisle feel more like a hallway in a luxury home. Typically, the G650 is divided into three distinct living zones. You have your forward galley and crew rest, a main meeting area, and a rear lounge that can be cordoned off for privacy. It's clean, it's symmetrical, and it's bathed in light from those 16 panoramic windows. But here is where the Bombardier Global 7500 strikes a heavy blow. It is the only purpose-built business jet in the world with four true living zones. Because the Fuselage is over 11 ft longer than the Gulfream, Bombardier didn't just add more seats, they added more rooms. In a Global 7500, you don't just have a rear lounge. You have a principal suite. We're talking about a permanent bedroom with a real bed and an optional onsuite master shower. In the Gulfream, your bed is usually a de van or seats that have been folded down by the flight attendant. In the Global, you walk into a bedroom that looks like a high-end boutique hotel. For the CEO who needs to go straight from the runway to a board meeting, that shower and a real night's sleep are worth the $75 million price tag alone. Let's talk about where you'll spend 90% of your time. The seat. GFream seats are hand-crafted masterpieces of leather and foam. They're comfortable, iconic, and offer excellent lumbar support. But Bombardier decided that comfortable wasn't enough. They spent seven years developing the Noage seat. The Noage is the first new seat architecture in business aviation in over 30 years. It features a tilt link system that allows for a zeroravity position. Unlike traditional seats that just lean back and put pressure on your lower back, the Noage tilts the entire base of the seat, shifting your weight to simulate weightlessness. It's designed to improve circulation and reduce the physical toll that longhaul flying takes on the body. When you sit in a newage, you aren't just sitting, you're floating. It's a level of ergonomic engineering that Gulfream, as great as their seats are, simply hasn't matched yet. Have you ever wondered why you feel exhausted after a long flight? It's not just the time change, it's the air. Most commercial planes are pressurized to 8,000 ft. At that altitude, your blood oxygen levels drop and your heart works harder. The Gulfream G650 fought back by offering a low cabin altitude. At a cruising height of 41,000 ft, the G650 maintains a cabin altitude of just 3,290 ft. That is industry-leading. It means your body feels like it's standing on a small hill rather than a mountain. However, the Global 7500 has pushed the boundary even further. It offers a cabin altitude of 2,900 ft while flying at 41,000 ft. It also features the Pooh Air system, which uses a hospital-grade HPA filter to replace the entire cabin every 90 seconds. While the G650 Air is incredibly fresh, the 7500's combination of the lowest altitude and the fastest air replacement makes it arguably the healthiest environment in the sky. Then there is the Sole lighting system. Gulfream uses a very high-end circadian lighting system that changes color temperature based on the time of day. It's beautiful and effective. But Bombardier took it a step further by integrating the lighting directly into the flight management system. The CET system doesn't just change colors. It uses specific wavelengths of red and blue light to actively stimulate or suppress melatonin. If you are flying from London to Tokyo, the plane knows exactly when to wake up your brain and when to prepare it for sleep based on your destination's time zone. It's like having a digital doctor managing your internal clock. When you combine this with the Global's 28 windows, which Bombardier added specifically to rival Gulfream's light-filled reputation, the result is a cabin that feels alive. Most people ignore the kitchen or the galley until they're hungry over the Atlantic. The G650 has a worldclass galley, but the Global 7500 features the largest galley in business aviation. It's designed by professional chefs. It features a dual function convection microwave oven that can actually fresh cook a meal rather than just reheating it. It also has an advanced chiller that reaches its cooling temperature in just 11 minutes. Compared to the 90 minutes it takes on almost every other jet. If you want a five-star dining experience at Mach 0.9, the Global is currently the kitchen king. While the passengers are sleeping in zeroravity seats, two people are working at Mach 0.9 to keep them safe. And the way they fly these two jets couldn't be more different. The Gulfream G650 features the Symmetry Flight Deck. It was a revolution in aviation because it replaced the traditional floormounted control yolks with active control side sticks. If you've ever played a high-end flight simulator, you'll recognize the look. But these aren't just joysticks. They are active, meaning if the pilot on the left moves their stick, the pilot on the right feels that same movement in their own hand. This creates a tactile link between the crew that you don't get in other side stick controlled aircraft like Airbuses. It's sleek, it's intuitive, and it uses 10 touchscreen controllers to declutter the cockpit. It looks like the bridge of a starship. The Bombardier Global 7,500 takes a different approach with its vision flight deck. Based on the Rockwell Collins Proline Fusion Suite, it features four massive 15-in displays. While Gulfream went for the futuristic side stick, Bombadier stuck with a more traditional yoke layout, but packed it with the most advanced flybywire system in the industry. The Global's computer system is so advanced, it can automatically compensate for wind shear and turbulence before the pilot even feels it. Which is better? Pilots are divided. Those who love tech in the future swear by the Gulfream side sticks. Those who want a rugged, familiar feel with the world's most advanced digital safety net choose the Bombader. But both jets share one ultimate safety feature, enhanced vision systems, EVS. They can land in total fog or darkness using infrared cameras that project a clear image of the runway onto a glass screen in front of the pilot's eyes. In these jets, weather is rarely an excuse for being late. Now, let's get into the numbers that make even billionaires sweat. Owning one of these is like owning a small country. To fly a Gulfream G650 for 200 hours a year, you are looking at an annual budget of roughly $6.5 million. Fuel alone will cost you about $3,140 per hour. Engine programs and maintenance add another $2,000 per hour. Then you have the fixed costs. Crew salaries, hanger fees, and expensive cities like New York or London. And insurance will run you about $1.1 million a year before you even start the engines. The Global 7500 is slightly more expensive to operate, largely because it is a bigger, heavier machine with more powerful GE Passport engines. While the fuel burn is incredibly efficient for its size, you're still moving a four zone flying apartment. Variable costs for the Global can push towards $4,000 to $4,500 per hour depending on the price of Jet A fuel. But here is the hidden cost no one tells you about, the crew. Because these jets fly missions lasting 14 plus hours, you can't just have two pilots. You need a third pilot to rotate in for rest and often a highly trained flight attendant who specializes in silver service dining. You aren't just paying for a plane. You're paying for a 24/7 global flight department. If you want to know which jet is better for your wallet, you have to look at the resale market. A brand new Global 7500 lists for about 73 million to $75 million. A brand new GFream G650 ER is slightly less around $70 million to $72 million. However, GFream has a secret weapon, brand loyalty. Gulfreams tend to hold their value like Ferraris. Because there is such a massive global network of Gulfream odors. Finding a buyer for a used G650 is relatively easy. You can find a 10-year-old G650 today still selling for 35 million to $45 million. So, which jet is better? It depends on your mission profile. Choose the Gulfream G650 ER if you value brand prestige, the best resale value in history, and that iconic light-filled oval window aesthetic. It is the Rolex of the sky. Everyone recognizes it, and it never goes out of style. Choose the Global 7500 if you actually live on your plane. If you need a permanent bedroom to arrive in Tokyo ready for a10 billion dollar negotiation, the four zone layout and the newage zero gravity seats are mathematically superior for your health and productivity.

- FS24: Fly the Vision Jet - Part 1: Cold and dark startup, Takeoff, Climb, and Cruise: Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Kip and in this video series we're going to learn to fly the vision Jet and Microsoft flight simulator 2024 this is part one of the series which covers the cold and dark startup taxiing takeoff climb and cruise phases of your flight the other videos in the series are related to your approach type and you will generally get three different types of approaches for these career mode missions by learning to do all three approach types you'll be able to tackle any mission that you find in career mode if you want you can use the skip to taxi and skip to take off shortcuts if you don't want to learn how to start the plane cold and dark from scratch like I'm about to do so let's go ahead and take off the aedo cover right here and then the chocks and finally the engine cover up here you can do this from the front or the back of the plane and you can either hit the shortcut to enter the aircraft or you can open the door and then when you close it it'll teleport you inside the plane and which turn around we can see the doors automatically closing and locking and then we'll turn around here and there are two little safety pins we need to remove first this is the cap system this is an actually usable emergency parachute system and then over here we have the emergency exit uh pin we'll remove that now I can just hit enter and request our boarding all right so we have our passengers if we turn around we can see there's one here in the co-pilot seat and one in the back middle when you buy the vision jet you actually have your choice of a few configuration options one of them is a complete and one is a family seating configuration those both have a back row of seats and if you choose the executive configuration there's just the two seats without the third row in the back from what I've seen you don't get missions that have more than three passengers so it doesn't seem to matter which configuration you pick right now if you have a keyboard I recommend using the short short cuts for the instrument views that is shift one through shift zero we'll start by hitting shift one that'll take us down to the primary flight display and all of the switches here that we'll need to get the plane started up just hit the first five switches this will turn on our batteries our generators and our strobe light now that we have the battery on we're going to hit shift six to go down here to the engine start stop knob and button all you have to do is click the knob to turn it to run we will he and see that the fuel pump is on and then we'll also hit the engine start stop button to get the engine started if I hit shift two on the keyboard that'll give me a good view of the MFD so we can see the startup process happen all right now that the engines are all started we can see everything's in the green if you're doing career mode and you eventually own this plane these are things you're going to want to pay attention to because any of these systems or indicators that are showing an error might be an indication that you need some maintenance to be done on your plane maybe it's not safe to fly so you might want to back out and do that maintenance before you continue with that mission since the engine started I'm going to go ahead and get our takeoff configuration set already we do that by just getting our flaps down to 50% so I'm going to hit my flaps down button and then I'm going to use the elevator trim to put our pitch trim up into this little green section here I usually use 6° for the takeoff if you don't have these Keys bound you can look down here to find the flap control right here and this is the pitch trim next I'm going to hit shift one again to get a look at the PFD and look at the cast messages here that's the crew alert system so we can see it says the oxygen is off and the bleed is off so let's go ahead and turn those on this is a pressurized plane and we can go up to 31,000 ft in this thing so we definitely want to make sure we have pressurization and oxygen when we're above 10,000 ft for us and our passengers we can also see it says the probe heat off we are going to leave this switch off until we're ready for takeoff just because it's not supposed to be on for for more than 5 minutes when you're on the ground so we're just going to leave that off for now then we have our parking brake on and then it says fuel quantity misc compare we can get rid of the fuel quantity by doing the initialization down here on the center screen I'm going to click here to clear those cautions just cuz it's annoying me and then we'll go ahead and hit the initial fuel button here this is how we set our fuel tell the g3000 how much fuel we have on board so all we have to do is hit this fob fuel on board sync button and then press confir firm you'll see the g3000 now knows we have 153 gallons of fuel the reason why setting the fuel is important is because that actually gives us a aircraft weight calculation it'll give us our takeoff distance and most importantly later on in one of the other videos when you come in for your approach and Landing we're going to reference our approach and our vref speed we'll learn all about that in those other videos but it's basically going to give us a recommended approach speed based on the weight of the plane so now that we've set the fuel I'm going to go ahead and hit back and this second button here weit and balance will actually allow us to go to aircraft loading and put in the weights of each passenger now at the time I'm recording this video it seems to be a little bugged in the vision jet if I go up to the top menu here and open up our tablet our efb electronic flight bag we can go to flight performances and then mass and balance and this section seems to be incorrect right now like if I look at the three out of three seats it says 280 lb so we only have three people on board so that would mean 93 lb each probably unlikely and if you click any of these boxes here these little squares if I click the pilot Square it says the pilot is 0 lb it says that the passenger next to us is 0 lb and all of a sudden it says we only have 140 lbs so there's some issues here but hopefully by the time you watch this and we get some bug fixes for this plane you'll be able to go into the tablet Click on each seat that's occupied and then transfer those weight over here into the weight and balance section but for now I'm just going to go ahead and I'll go with like the 90 lb uh thing so we have us we have the co-pilot and then I'll put the passenger in and now that that's done I'm just going to back a few times and hit accept initialization all right we're all set on our Weight and Balance now and now if we look at the weight and balance graph we can see that we're within the acceptable weight and balance for takeoff and this line represents how the weight and balance is going to change as we burn fuel since the engine is running we don't have to worry about our battery running out so I'm going to go ahead and look over here at some options for the PFD and the MFD you can get this set up based on your personal preference I like to go over here on the PFD and go to PFD map settings and turn on the inset map that shows it in this corner there's a lot of options to explore here but I like the terrain relative mode this relative terrain setting will highlight any terrain that's near your altitude so in the case that it's that means it's within like 500 ft or even above your current altitude so that's an immediate threat to you if you're flying in that direction I also like to go into the PFD settings section here and turn on the SVT terrain option this will give us more details on the PFD for Runway markings and we can see runways when we're coming into land and Terrain in front of us it's a lot more detailed than the default and then down here if you go hit the down button we have a wind indicator I like to turn that on option one but you'll want to play around with that when you're in the air right now it says there is no wind data since we're on the ground and then next over here on the MFD screen you can also customize this screen I like to hit the map button to have the map here and if you want it full screen you can just hit the full Button as well the way to zoom these is by using the little knob at the bottom here you can see it says range plus and minus so if you use the range knob on the center controller here that will change our MFD zoom and the one over here on the left will change the PFD map whether you have the inset map or the HSI map turned on all right so we've got our takeoff configuration set over here with flaps and our trim we have the oxygen set we're going to go ahead and turn on our Landing light and I'm going to turn on the mission steps again and hit enter to announce our taxi all we have to do now is turn off the parking brake and we'll taxi you to the runway as they indicate here on the ground if you get this takeoff emergency battery message this is another thing I believe is a bug right now uh when I'm recording this so hopefully that will be fixed by the time you're watching this video I'm going to hit enter to welcome our passengers AB if you have a hat on your joystick that's bound to the different seated positions I think that's the default on many peripherals you can hit up on your hat and that'll move forward a little bit in your seat to give you this nice view you can still see your air speed your altitude and over here while we're taxing we can see GS that's our ground speed just make sure to keep that ground speed under 15 knots or so that'll make sure we don't avoid any over speeding taxi penalties in the career mode now that we're holding short of the runway I got the parking brake on I'm going to hide these Mission steps for now and we're going to hit shift three again to get down to this camera view and we're going to configure the plane for takeoff now we already have our flap set to 50% and we have our pitch trim set in the green band here at 6° so that's already good to go we're going to set up our autopilot for takeoff down here if we look at the throttle and the auto throttle section of the plane we just need to hit two buttons here to prepare for takeoff we're going to hit this at button right here and next we're going to hit this little tiny button where your thumb would be on the throttle and this is the toga button take off go around button if we go back up here and look at our pftd we can see our autopilot modes have three takeoff indications so once we take off and we turn on autopilot it will maintain takeoff thrust with our Auto throttle feature and it will hold our wings level and have our pitch up for initial takeoff this button right here is the autopilot Master onoff button and this is what we want to use shortly after we take off so the plane will lessen our workload autopilot will turn on it'll handle the auto throttle for us as well for that initial takeoff if you have a keyboard the default binding for this is control one but if you have a stick a Yol or use an Xbox controller you're probably going to want to go here into settings and then under controls and bu find a button to the master autopilot onoff toggle command we do that by going to our peripheral over here I'm going to go to my controller and then we're going to scroll down and open up autopilot section and then the general section right here it's this first one right here called toggle autopilot master so I would recommend binding this to like a red button that's on your sticker yolk there's probably one that's colored red that's usually the one you'll want to use for the autopilot on off and if you have an Xbox controller I found this one works okay for me the right bumper and then pushing the right stick so that's right bumper R3 but this is personal preference just set it to something that works for you when you're setting it make sure that it doesn't have a little number next to it this little number means that this control is used in two places so there's a potential conflict there you may hit the shortcut that you set and accidentally like shut your engine off or something so I would experiment and choose something that's convenient for you that does not have a number next to it just to avoid that risk of it being bound to another shortcut already now that we have takeoff shown up here in three spots we need to set our initial altitude I'm going to go ahead and just open up our tablet from the top menu and go to the flight planner app at the bottom and then click the route button here in the very top left we'll see here that we have a cruise altitude shown by default so it shows 150 this is a flight level flight level 150 this is in hundreds of feet so if you just add two zeros that'll make 15,000 or you can just choose feet from this little drop down and it'll show the equivalent in feet so we'll go ahead and set our cruise altitude by turning the selected altitude knob down here that changes the blue number here at the top of our altimeter so we just keep turning that and we'll choose 15,000 if you've used the G1000 you're probably aware that at the bottom of your air speed indicator here it'll show our reference speeds before we take off we'll be able to see the rotation speed and our best climb speed but right now on the g3000 that's not on by default so we'll go down here into speed bugs and turn on the takeoff speed bug this is our rotation speed once we're at this speed when we're going down the runway that's when we pull back on our stick to take off so 85 knots is our rotation and I'm going to turn the climb speed on here in general as well so when we're rolling down the runway we'll see that 85 knot marker with a little r as a reminder that that's our rotation speed that's when we'll pull back on the stick all right so now all I have to do is look at our messages again we need the probe heat on that is set now that we're ready to pull onto the runway and just take our parking brake off and we'll pull onto the runway and we'll do our takeoff all right I've already informed our passengers of takeoff and announced our takeoff up in the mission steps so now we're just going to line up on the runway all right so let's do our takeoff we're going to hold our brakes we're going to bring our throttle to 100% and we're just just going to watch our instruments to make sure everything is holding fine in the green and now I'm going to let go of my brakes we're just going to watch our air speed here remember we're waiting for 85 knots that's the rotation speed we'll see that little r so as a little visual indicator just using our ruds to hold center line there's the rotation speed pull back just a little bit on the stick it's pretty sensitive and now we'll look over here and see we have a positive rate of climb so we can go ahead and put our Gear Up and now I'm going to watch this little number here that says ra this is our height above the ground I'm just going to hold that yellow indicator here as best I can on the magenta one until we get to 500 ft above the ground and then I'm going to hit the autopilot button I'm going to turn my autopilot on you can hit the shortcut that we set up or you can go down here and hit the little AP button on the autopilot unit itself and now I'm going to hit enter to contact ATC I don't want to lose points on the career mode Mission so I'm going to hit enter get in touch with them right away now that we're over 115 knots I'm going to get our flaps up and while it's talking to ATC I'm going to go down to the autopilot here and now we're going to hit the FLC button this is flight level change right now we're in full takeoff power and just a simple pitch up attitude with our wings level what we're going to do is hit FLC and that's going to turn us into a climb mode and I'm going to hit enter again to talk to ATC so you can see here now the auto throttle is using a climb power setting so that'll be reduced a bit from the takeoff power we can't hold takeoff power forever and then here it shows flight level change 165 knots so that's going to pitch the aircraft to maintain 165 knots all the way up to our selected altitude now I'm going to acknowledge the ATC Again by hitting enter this is why we use autopilot there's so much to do when you're single Pilot Flying that when you're managing ATC we want to take advantage of features like the autopilot to let us uh to ATC and not miss anything so I'm going to keep following these instructions here I can also see it says climb to 16,000 I put in 15 so I'm just going to use the selected altitude knob to pull that up to 16,000 ft all right we're going to acknowledge the ATC yet again rad all right so they said altimeter 29er 84 I'm going to go ahead and use this little Barrow knob here to change that to 29 or 84 this is going to make sure our altitude is accurate if we don't update this to what they tell us and the difference is too drastic from what's set and what the setting should be we'll actually be at the wrong altitude slightly and they may yell at us for that so we're going to make sure we set it to whenever they say altimeter 29ers 84 or whatever setting they give us we'll want to match that right down here by using the Barrow knob on the right if you have a keyboard you can hit comma to automatically set the altimeter at any point and if you're on Xbox you can go into your controls and look for a setting called set altimeter and bind something to that that'll do the same thing all right now that we're done talking to ATC it's been so long that we're already almost at 10,000 ft but we need to turn around and get onto course so I'm going to hit shift three to get down to this nice camera view here we're going to use the autopilot to turn oursel around and get on course you can see over here that our course is behind us so what I need to do is get the autopilot to turn us around we're going to do that by using heading mode the first thing I'm going to do is turn our selected heading using the heading knob here to straight ahead you can see my current heading is 329 and this is the selected heading 337 so I'm going to go ahead and turn that to match those up or if you have a mouse you can right click on the heading bug that'll sink it straight ahead and then we're going to press heading mode so now we should see heading mode here in green cuz we hit the heading button and it's following our selected heading here that we did with the knob the next thing I'm going to do is actually hit the nav button down here on the autopilot and if you notice most likely for your flight you'll not be close enough to the course for navigation mode to kick in some of you may get lucky and you'll see FMS in green here the reason why it's not in green for me is we have to fly closer to this course first we're far away from it and nav mode will not engage until we get closer to this magenta course here so all I have to do is use the heading knob right here and turn us and I'm going to turn us towards the broken line right here the how the line is broken to this side I'm going to turn Us in that direction and put the heading bug right over here between the broken line and the magenta Arrow so I'm going to go ahead and pull the heading bug around to the left it's going to automatically start turning us because it's in heading mode we're just going to turn it all the way around around until we get pointed somewhere over here between the broken line and the Arrow Head and now over here on the map we can see that it's going to turn us all the way around and we'll be facing towards this magenta course now we're just going to wait for us to get closer to that course and we'll automatically see FMS turn green some planes show GPS some show FMS in the vision jet it says FMS and as you can see we're now getting closer towards that route we're just going to over here and watch as this line comes into the center we'll see it switch from heading mode being active in green to FMS mode automatically activating because it's armed which means it's on standby it's waiting for something to happen to activate that mode the same goes for our selected altitude once we get to 16,000 we'll see alts flashing up here all right so we got FMS in green and now we're expecting it to turn us to the left towards that Arrow to get us onto course there we go it's making that left turn and also we're about to get up to 16,000 ft now we can see alts that's selected altitude it's capturing and going to hold us at 16,000 ft once it levels off at 16,000 we'll see altitude hold mode at 16,000 all right now that we're in Cruise I'm going to go to the top and just turn off the mission steps for now cuz I don't want to see them and if you want to get rid of these points here and these blue Gates like the ones down here you can do that by going into your controls and binding a shortcut if you're on Xbox you can actually just push the left stick L3 but if you're on PC you'll need to go in and bind something to a command called visual assistances so if you look up this one toggle visual assistances display I've set that to control shift a for assistances and then we can go ahead and hit that and that will hide all the boxes and waypoints and there they go all right so we're just flying along in Cruise now our job is to monitor the autopilot the engine information make sure that everything is doing what we expected to and also we need to make sure that we're looking out for any icing conditions so any visible moisture that we encounter so rain snow or any clouds that we see as we're passing through them we'll want to turn on our ice Protection Systems whenever the outside air temperature which is visible down here oat whenever this temperature is under 5° that's positive 5 so we're at 9 right now if we were passing through some clouds or in rain or snow we're going to want to go down here and hit these three switches for our ice Protection Systems the first switch is for our engine second one is for our wings and the stabilizer and then the third is for the windshield if the windshield still will not deice you can hit the fourth switch to turn the windshield deicing on high in the next videos in this series we're going to cover our descent and approach mattering the flight plan we were given for the career mode Mission will have a different approach I happen to have an ILS or instrument Landing system approach which is the more complicated of the approaches to do for the first time but that's why I've split this into multiple videos ideally you'll learn all three ways so when you're doing these career mode missions no matter which type of approach is given to you in that mission you'll know how to deal with it thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next videos in this series on flying the vision jet

  Top Comments:
  1. @KipOnTheGround [17 likes]: 🚨IMPORTANT CHANGE IN SIM UPDATE 1 🚨

The physical "TOGA" button shown in this tutorial has been changed to an "Autothrottle Disconnect" button (which is realistic to the real plane). There is now an invisible TOGA click-spot slightly forward (toward the nose of the plane) of that thumb button.

These changes and others are covered here in Part 5: https://youtu.be/N4mScIQAhkg
  2. @dankestcow6025 [2 likes]: I would also love a CJ4 tutorial series!
  3. @deveanwolford3396 [2 likes]: Anyway you could do one of these series on the Cessna Citation CJ4?
  4. @top-notch8277 [1 likes]: Thank you so much ❤
  5. @Screamindynos [1 likes]: Fantastic lesson of my favorite jet, thank you!!
  6. @Treyoffscript: You are a lifesaver. This is exactly what I needed. PLEASE keep uploading for all the aircraft you fly.
  7. @Plama316: Whoa, very informative video!
  8. @flemmingbruun8257: Thx a lot for this tutorial 🎉 does it apply to ps5? Has anyone flown on ps5 using this tutorials?
  9. @HanHan-fb7zh: Super tutorial! Love it!:medal-yellow-first-red:
  10. @valkyrie4752: I last flew a C-172 and a Tomahawk when I was about 18 years old.  Fast forward a few decades and I got old and forgot so much.  These series of videos on the Vision Jet remind me how much I need to re-watch and practice, practice and practice.  Thank you kind sir!
  11. @davidmintzer3743: You forgot to bring up the landing gear!
  12. @ge0kon-nyr: Watched this whole series a few times and it was super helpful. I think it goes without saying that there's maybe a few places everyone has to figure a little bit out on their own but with the amount of instruction you gave it still helped. Great videos!
  13. @DriveandThrive: Great tutorialb
  14. @deartolaphx: great video thanks for sharing 😊
  15. @disismoyoutube: That's why i like xplane more compare to msfs! YOU ARE NOT SUPPOSE TO CLICK ON THE SCREEN PANELS! they're not touch screen! lol
  16. @Moo_Snuckle25: I hardly ever comment. But this video deserves respect. Amazing work. Please make this a series!!!! Do all the planes!!!!
  17. @Bubblybiscuts: For sync for fuel is normally off. Check ur actual plane weight and feel weight in ur tablet thing. Usually its only off by like 3 to 7 lbs but that's just my experience. And the weight of the passenger's is in your tablet in game
  18. @MrFunkyToeJam: Really well explained. Thank you. Subbed.
  19. @MarStrMind: Minor but important information: according to etiquette and the actual checklist of the plane, you do not turn on Strobe lights when powering up, the Nav lights turn on first. You normally turn on the Strobes prior to taxiing. This tells ground personell to "get out of the way" as the plane is about to start moving.
  20. @amadeobessa: Thank you very much, your video was really very enlightening. Let’s move on to part 2 lol.

- Cirrus Vision Jet FULL FLIGHT: Autothrottles, stalls, steep turns, RNAV & more!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] today we're hopping in to take a flight in the Cirrus sf50 Vision jet this is a 2020 G2 Vision jet it's an aircraft that we currently have for sale at The Brokerage I work for Lone Mountain aircraft I'll be flying today with our chief pilot and Training Center manager mut manifold mut is the previous director of flight operations at Sears aircraft overseeing the sf50 and Sr series training programs prior to seus M served in the United States Air Force for 28 years flying over 5,300 hours in the F-16 and also worked for locking Martin as an F-16 test pilot and instructor I'd say I'm in pretty good hands let's go okay batteries yep so the garmal spin up but I let it come up and then we'll make sure it'll go right on I got like 2,000 hours in this thing okay got it yeah and then where's my like like enter button it's all touch screen here yeah right here like if you want to do this well like if for this like for check oh it's right here checklist right here see the little roller you just push down on it oh cool and it actually rolls too if you need to like say you forgot the door you can roll back up to it oh sweet so parking yeah push just push the brakes in and then pull back pull the it's right between your legs just like the SR got it sweet all right gen one gen two yep we're not doing ex Chann y fadex good Bravo it's got two channels okay casses or park breake that's what we want idle brakes and hold engine yep so we're going to go run and you'll hear the fuel pump go run you're going to click that over to run and then you're going to push and hold the start stop button okay I'll let I'll tell you when to let go so go to run you'll hear the fuel pump there's the fuel pump now push and hold and when it says light off we're going to let go light off let go just that easy you have to worry about MI you're any that crazy stuff just like that check check check yeah I got you okay have you guys gotcha cool all right so we we kind of fired through all this stuff yeah so we're good on the E all right I got the air conditioner on we'll get that cooking you got vents right there C you got vents above your left ear if you need fresh air cool it's air conditioned now the oh hit the auction for me master auction on just turn that on you hear it now this so we check the databases they're all up to date up to date for Garmin okay let you know we're not going to do any Acro today limitations we stay keep our seat belt on we'll do some acrob here okay okay it has the Caps right okay so just like the SR but we talked about that already same thing 45 lbs pull down okay okay it has ESP just like the SR so if you over Bank she'll correct if we do a steep turn we're going to have to hold the red button okay just to override the SP all right and it has safer turn this is red right now Ghostbusters as soon as we get airborne 600 ft AGL that'll turn green cool and then if Kevin needs us if we both pass out Kevin's going to hit that it's going to land got it I'm going to fly I've done two saf turns it's crazy really you've tried it yeah it's crazy I would love to everything's great until you're on three mile final and nervous and then you want to fly the airplane it sucks anyways you went to full touchdown with it though oh yeah same thing so cool all right we're all belted up we talked about erress Windows fire extinguishers right here level button if you need it just like the SR y talked about caps we talked about safer turn Okay so we're going to check the stall system and the fire suppression okay so fire first fire okay you got two Halon bottles this fire knowledges kills the engine and puts Halon then you hit Halon into the engine compartment now we're checking the stall systemall all right so that's good we'll sink our fuel 219 close enough all right load take off two4 left all right so I'm going to put the root like if you want to just practice hit just hit Trio t r i v t r i and then enter and then we're going to go over to the Cincinnati Vortex so CVG potential aircraft convective sigat 51 Echo 52 Echo g g l e sorry GP Le yep and then we're going to come back to Dayton that's our route all right next all right so toll data we're going to put that number in right there 2545 yeah and then in it and then accept now checklist okay we did that cap spin is remove passengers he has been breathed we got seat belts on bleed switch y right next to it see it says fresh bleed uh turn it and leave it on Comm and nav all right so I got it all set up so we'll listen to adus First State airport information Delta 1856 Zulu wind 2 412 visibility 1 two clouds 2,400 5,000 scattered ceiling 6,000 overcast temperature 24 2.20 altimer 2 Niner 83 simultaneous ILS at appr news Runway 24 right Runway 24 left notice Runway 18 closed let me get my clearance real quick clearance good afternoon 21 Victor Julia with Delta November 21 Victor Juliet Dayton clearance Delta's current clear to the beautiful Dayton International Airport as filed Main 3,000 expect 1 6,000 on0 minutes after departure frequency with Columbus 134.4 squawk 4533 and uh you're uh your vision jet do not exceed 250 Z knots until ad bu by Center Okay C that we do have deler as filed round robin back to Dayton we're 3,000 ft initially 16,000 ft 10 minutes after 13445 on the freak 4533 on the score number one Victor Julie readback is correct except you didn't readback the beautiful Dayton International Airport reback's correct well if the Sun was shining I would have touche good good call all right on the trim we want to be this is Takeoff trim so we'll make sure we're in the Box you're not going to use the Hat switch on the vision jet you're only going to use the wheel love the wheel okay yep and flaps we go 50 for takeoff okay and we don't mess with the roll trim because it's always Center okay toga hit the toga yep it's it's here oh what was I clicking you're clicking the auto thrott disconnect oh is it still disconnected no no here so hit that so there's the token button you feel it yeah okay so what for the auto throttle say we we'll turn the auto throttle on here okay and we'll go heading and flight level change all right now if we want to turn if we engage the autopilot both the autopilot and the auto thrott will turn on um for the takeoff at 85 to 90 knots you rotate okay and then let the airplane come off and as soon as we get positive rate we'll go Gear Up 115 we'll go flaps up got it he's Ki okay all right departure bre we got plenty of Runway 10,000 foot of Runway 2500 ft our takeoff roll so we got PL stop this airplane is different okay you go brakes than idle okay not idle brakes so if you if we need a board jump on the brakes and then go to aisle because where the engine's at if you roll back the engine your nose it'll actually make the nose come off the ground okay which is bad so this is the only airplane in the world I've flown that you go breaks then idle yep I'm glad you briefed that because I would not have thought that yep and then caps just like the SR 600 feet alive okay got it so we're going to say 600 feet caps alive okay and then we're going to be in takeoff mode when we take off and then we'll just click it back once to MCT got it there's a little detent there you'll feel it okay uh Landing light you can turn it on cuz we're we just leave it on it goes off when the Gear's up you don't don't need Engine Ice we don't need Wing stabs flaps everything's good there normal takeoff we just walk through that all right now we're good ground November 21 Victor Julet with Delta R taxi hanger six 24 left 21 Victor Juliet Dayton ground Runway 24 left Taxi by Charlie November Fox Charlie no Fox sh 2 one left or two four left for two1 Victor J if you want to know where the center line is it's your right knee okay everyone ask like where am I on the center line if you put it on your right if you put the center line on your right knee you'll be on the you'll be on it see where they stuck your bird probably down two or three down here yeah Bojo oh Bojo's right there I see here what you call her Mojo yeah affectionately known as Mojo rock yeah Tower good afternoon 21 Victor J ready to go 24 left so member 21 Victor Julie at Dayton Tower proceed direct Trio R 24 left clear for takeoff wind 240 at 1 Z gus5 all right we're clear for Take Out 24 left directo 3,000 21 Victor all right turn your probeat on sweet that's it y all right everything else looks good finals clear from what I can see and Trio looks like a straight out anyway huh perfect y power take off take off power set Alive Now go down your heels stay out the brakes use the Rudders if you need a steer the wind's right down the runway be5 keep the nose down you're up nice the noses want to keep coming up keep keeping your nose down okay and above 115 I wheel there you go yeah one Victor jul contact departure get thanks climb power yep MCT perfect and we're going to climb out 165 so leave your nose down for a little bit and then once she gets to 165 we'll start climbing departure 21 Victor Juliet 1600 for three 21 Victor jul Li for the contact clb maintain 13,000 13,000 vior 13 pretty easy I like it there's not a lot to do feel like there should be more to do you need to do more so for the checklist we're already MCT that's good engine parameters we're all good we're in the green yep okay cabin pressure it's going to start once we get to differential about 38 39 then it'll start pressurizing okay um so she's at zero right now so she hasn't pressurized yet line so watch that ice protection if it gets the 5c I don't think it will today we'll turn on the engine ice protection we're not going to trans3 two get all right 23 92 we'll see you indy good afternoon 21 Victor Juliet 9,000 for 13 no one2 Victor Juliet in CL maintain in the Cincinnati altimeter 29 or 84 2984 set 16,000 21 Victor jul 21 Victor Juliet are you guys doing maintenance worker what are you guys doing here yeah we're just doing a demo flight test flight so we're going to head down towards Cincinnati then when we get out towards gipple we're going to need to do some Maneuvers for a little while hopefully it's VFR if not I might need a block from you okay 21 Victor Juliet thanks and we'll forward that on with the next sector I appreciate it thanks I'm going turn your engine ice on y it's five EAS 5C on offes that deteriorate the performance at all uh no because the fad it corrects for it oh y why is it so smooth cuz look at cuz you got a great pilot I'm so used to just getting rocked M look how fat those wings are dude I know all right so just keep it there all right turn the autopilot on okay and then let the auto throw out we'll let it accelerate 248 so it's going to try to get there it won't because it's so hot it's the ISA is too hot but we'll let her accelerate and then we can manually adjust what speed we want to fly with the auto throttle so we'll let it accelerate we'll see how fast she'll go as we head down towards Cincinnati and then manually we'll adjust the auto throttle okay set to set it what we wanted to do uh it cruises at like 315 true like2 then once we it's always it's always 310 315 true and she does good on the fuel like no matter what she burns like 60 gallons per hour up at altitude so we'll burn a little bit more than that today like 80ish but up in the flight levels she burns like 60 so now we're true at 276 let's go hit the manual button okay okay and then let's put in like so now you dial it see the blue it turns blue so let's say we want to go down to 160 or we go like 175 now watch oh wow so she'll slow down until she gets about five knots around 175 and then she'll come back up so so it kind of has like its little separate almost like an autopilot controller it does the auto throttle its own it's got its own uh basically electric trim if you will so but it literally flies itself y what about for approaches and stuff do you just have to do you have to put in nope it's all flap driven we kind of talked about on the ground a little bit so we usually get Vector around 180 200 knots when we're doing approaches when you activate the approach it'll set 180 knots and that it'll set the auto throtle at 180 and then when you go first set of flaps it'll slow down to 140 and then or your second set of flaps it'll go to 95 it doesn't care about the gear it only cares about the flaps and then The Descent coming in I see this FMS is it following the FM will the the FMS is just it's all garmin's f it the manual mode you set exactly what you want like just how Garmin said it wanted to climb at 165 exactly so now we're at 170 here keep your you if you want to video it right so here I'll go to 210 okay so we go we'll go up to 210 okay so now we got 210 set all right there she goes Auto throttles 744 maintain level one n z cool thing about the auto auto throttles it has under speed protection so let's say for whatever reason you set a a number that's too slow it won't let you stall out the throttles will actually the throttle will actually accelerate November 338 Bravo wind the throttle will accelerate if you get like a stall situation yep the throttle will it's right on it sweet so with the auto throttle on you can't ever stall this thing tlight 75 are you guys up nice way to travel men you like it yeah back here especially he had the TV down I did look at this oh did you I got it on video I didn't know there was this is enormous too is there anything I don't know run there a power button up here the inputs inputs in here oh okay so you're run it through HDMI jul 1355 357 thanks for your help and 21 Victor jul check them in 16,000 21 Victor Juliet then D Center the Cincinnati altimeter 29er 83 and I understand you want to do some air work around GLE is that correct yes sir if we if we're going to check the weather over there towards gipple hopefully I can do it VFR sir if not we might need a block we'll let you know here in a second Roger so the a lot of customers all the all the seats come out they can remove and most customers like just have these four seats and they and they just they put all their back there the back left and right are weight limited right they are 90 lbs okay so that's truly kid so my my leg can go there yeah your leg can go but that's they're they're supposed they call them the kid seats but they all pop off like see Kevin see that little black latch right there you just unlock it and the it comes out and and the seats weigh 33 the little seats weigh 16 all the seat belts are riged to the seat so you can take the whole thing out there's nothing dangling 100% it there's there's a center console I took it out because the uh cu the customer I'm flying on Sunday but there's a center console that has like laptop holders or whatever that goes right there um max range what would you say just you two 1100 miles now let's say it's us three going right so we got we Max we could probably take is 250 260 gallons so now we're down to 1,000 miles or 950 if there's four adults then you're probably 800 850 mil 850 mil 194 G on board and right now we get down to comfortably like South Georgia North Florida and yeah we're running 80 gallons per hour right now and then in the flight levels you run 60 gallons per hour okay so if we're at 30,000 ft so we're giving up a lot so what's a typical Cruise profile 30,000 30,000 yeah rvsm you either going 30 or 31 okay and then you're running 60 gallons per hour 315 yep that's typical today we're at 280 true 80 g per hour at 16,000 yep and Indie 21 Victor jul request we're going to need a block maybe 10 miles around gipple maybe 14 to 17,000 feet if that's doable two1 Victor Juliet um maintain uh 14,000 to 17,000 and you're cleared to maneuver within 1010 miles of the uh the gipple intersection all right sounds great4 to 17,1 Miles within gipple for 21 Victor Juliet thanks sir we just entered within 10 miles of gble right now all right let's go let's do a North heading and let's go down to like 155 she's going to we do our steep turns at 140 in the vision jet okay so we roll out here on North okay we're going to do a couple steep turns okay everything's set you're at 140 right throttle everything okay we're going to hit the red button you're going to need a little bit of power just a tiny bit of power and a little bit of trim up and then you just hold the flight po marker on the horizon it'll be beautiful hold the red the whole time yep all right so yep do that click the hit the red buttoner than and um are you still you just fly and I'll clear just a little bit of trim a little bit of power nice wow easy huh don't need Rudder don't need nothing sass is working sass is working you missed that little feel of the small G's there m yeah Mighty 3.6 G's on the VIS jet awesome and the roll out you lead by about 10° okay 4.0 I'm going send you the I'm going to show you the The Pusher the Shaker and The Pusher okay all right so go to idle just try just try to stay at 155 so the airplane is just going to keep coming up and up and up I want you to muscle it I don't want you to trim and then we're going to ride the the Shaker it's going to start saying St St I want you to ride the Shaker for a little bit and then when I tell you we're going to pull back a little bit more and then it's going to push okay when it pushes that's your break of the AOA that I want you to accelerate push the thrott my throttle the whole way yep I don't have the forearms for this you don't you can use a little trim then you want to trim a little bit up you can cheat a little that's fine all right now when it turns Yellow Tape to Red you're going to start getting stall stall okay and this Shaker is going y feel the Shaker all right ride that a little bit just feel it okay now give me a little bit of muscle towards your elbow pull pull pull keep pulling back keep pulling keep pulling pull there it is push now go that's the stick Pusher we just run a little roller coaster yeah so that's the Shaker to The Pusher now if we had our Auto throttles on that could never happen because the throttle would accelerate so then we come back left we'll do a we'll do a like a landing configuration stall so we'll do the flaps gear flaps when we come back around let's go to ID minutes or let's go first set of flaps below 190 flaps 50 y now you can go gear and then you go rest your flaps all right so it's going to be dirty obviously okay we're going to act like we're in the flare okay as we slow down when you hear the stall stall full power break the AOA first set of flaps at the first indication first indication soon as you hear stall stall I want you to push and go first set of flaps first set of flaps keep your nose down keep your nose down see it takes a while to accelerate yeah now smooth for your positive rate keep pulling back wait for it to go positive2 gol Bravo IND center Rogers scattered light J Sweet November 812 golf of light rhyme ice in the area that's between flight level one Niner Z and at least flight level 220 your if you do I think low improve five minutes some of that air speed back in about minutes this would sell me 42 Del 412 IND Center Roger traffic 12:00 25 miles south westbound a patus 10000 ft Runway 1836 and Associated taxi ways closel keep doing I'm just I'll get [Applause] theeland 20.6 so go to your um go to your a minute proc and then we're approach we're going to load up to Arnav 24 left okay 9 Center R Traffic 1:00 Lo the cool thing about it for the approach plate you can you can hit charts and it'll come up yep minimums go in right there so you can put 1207 in there all right and then if you do a long hold if you do a long push it goes checklist back to the approach plate1 all right Sor we got to go home yeah that's okay all good things go to Indi Center 21 Victor Julet Victor Julia go ahead yeah we're all done with the Maneuvers ready to head back to Dayton for some approaches Victor Julia Roger maintain 14,000 and you're cleared to the Dayton Airport via direct all right we're going out to 14 and clear direct dat so then what power setting should we be at just you go to aut 1200 4 miles that extends to the the charot about that guy yeah okay and Landing field elevation right there all right so it's input that's good that's just for the pressurization system ice protection we'll leave it on for a second already J contact Cincinnati approach 12665 2665 2665 two VOR Cincinnati good afternoon 2 on Victor jet 147 for 14 direct a 21 Victor jul and maintain uh 10,000 10,000 now 21 Victor jul then we got Echo at in okay approach briefing so we're going to press and hold sweet we got the Adis going into Dayton Arnav 24 left Final Approach course 241 for Runway 24 left Final Approach F zampo 2600 lpv down to 1207 Miss approach 3,000 to wansu which I'm sure is pre-loaded with our toga push yep so we will do we'll do this approach to a practice Miss they might give give us climb out which is fine okay but we're going to do this one 100% on the auto main 7000 7,000 Victor 7,000 we'll be 3,000 so when we're desending we're going to do the approach and Mist at any point where the will the autopilot come off for the this whole process nope we're going to keep it we're going to do it all all doing it itself we're just going to we're just going to be dummies okay we're going be dummies cool one Victor Julia contact Columbus of bur 1885 1885 will sir Columbus 2 on Victor jul 129 for 7,000 we got Echo at number two jul expect visual appr 24 left unless you'd like something different we'd like to rnap 24 left to climb out for uh another rnap 24 left full stop one jul Roger expect VOR 24 left approach upon completion your approach CL maintain 3,000 fighting 2110 return to this frequency 210 3,000 on the go 210 3,000 back to you 21 Victory so what do you think I love it yeah it's I like how easy it is to fly and get the hang of it's really easy you buying me one who I want it for my birthday but barely knows you why would you buy you a v ja see what I got to deal with M I love I got a smart ass wife too she won't buy me a vision ja and then if there was speed requirements on the arrival or anything if we were on one it would do it if you program an arrival or departure it programs everything altitudes air speeds all that stuff number 21 Victor jul is send maintain 5,000 5,000 21 Victor jul yeah I've never done a fully No Hands weird weirdo weird weird thank you one Victor jul turn 330 3 one Victor jul and we'll get 50% flaps yep goes to 140 140 set air speed 140 one Victor jul your approach 3000 clear for the rnf 24 left present speed or greater please until least five out all right we'll stay this air speed till 5 out and uh we'll stay at 3,000 ft we're cleared the arv 24 left Dayton 21 Victor jul kns 190 or L sub approach is looking for everything so we're not going to configure them so it's going to stay at this you stay we're not going to go full flaps we'll just go gear he wants this air speed till 5 miles so so we're going to change a speed when I put the gear Gear got nothing to do it's only FL Okay so what we'll do is we'll do gear at that one dot and then we won't go flaps until three mile just to give them some room I'm showing it's 12:00 and 7 miles how's it looking from your end all right capturing the Glide or the GPS in waiting for our Glide pass I got 2 on our heading D Tower 21 Victor Jette 7 miles out RF two4 left climb up no 2 vict Tower wind 2 7 left clear the option left clear the option two it that's two two four there's our DOT yep so once we get the three miles we'll go full flaps and then we'll let her go down till we hear minimum minimums and then we'll hit the too button okay gear unlocked now it's at 95 Skyline 22 Romeo when able turn left heading 180 so I'll hit this button flaps 50 yep left going to Premier Jet Center 300 ft to go 500 minimums minimums claps 50 toga button is pushed Auto throttle is taking over wow wow positive r y there is up and indicating up above 115 are retracting go heading flight level change and go go down one Victor Juliet execute climb out instructions contact departure all right we're going to departure 21 Victor Julet thanks let's put it clean it up up hey set the parck okay button yeah push and and then clockwise and then just let them drop drop yep scary don't mess up your Lulu Lemon shoes there I should have bought the the whole company about 15 years ago would have been smart smart I think I end up buying with all my girls my wife and I probably ended up buying the company but I didn't actually buy it I should have bought it but you still on stock yeah exactly

  Top Comments:
  1. @Schmiiindy [228 likes]: Hey everyone, thanks for watching! Our Airplane Mojo will be on display next week at Oshkosh in the Garmin booth. We will be there most mornings and I’ll try to keep my Instagram page updated on when we are around the airplane. Hope to see you guys there!
  2. @matthewatkinson1092 [2 likes]: that stall was amazing! OMG..... the push forward was amazing she did. love the vision jet. the turns when he was getting the ATIS looked great. great video
  3. @ArcheanCanadian1983 [1 likes]: so cool!  im super jealous I only get to fly the vision in VR lol   awesome video thanks for sharing.
  4. @hessranch: Ugliest plane ever
  5. @izleyici1453: Masallah ❤🎉😅😊
  6. @shawncolemusic: I think I need one.
  7. @Veteran-x4g: I’ve flown at least ten different types of aircraft in my life. The Global Express was one of my favorites, but I’ve never experienced such a simple aircraft as this Vision. My God, even a complete novice could fly it.
  8. @edgaremralino7512: If i get my pilot license this Chief pilot is the guy i want to be my instructor.   He can make the instruction very easy to follow, he can stoop down for a very noob student to understanding.
  9. @donalkinsella4380: Very optimistic fitting seatbelts on those things.
  10. @takahashifumi3335: This beautiful woman doesn't seem to be doing much of the pre-flight checks herself, but is she going to be piloting it after this? Is this a video of a piloting lesson?
  11. @tylerhayes4879: 13:30 time C-GTTV call-out is my Malibu!!!
  12. @davidkennedy7549: LOL, 'wait for the Garmin to... spin up."
  13. @SudaisKhan-p4t5l: Where is that at???❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  14. @edwelndiobel1567: Safest plane to fly in!
  15. @Chrizke22: I love this bird unfortunately I had to sell mine bc I had two kids andneeddd somethin bigger with toilet😎😎
  16. @shiftonephoto: That's so Portishead
  17. @MDMomenul-v9m: Cirrus sf 50 G2 vision jet
  18. @DanFrederiksen: Dayton airport is close to Wright Patterson AFB where they keep some ET craft and have tried to reverse engineer them ever since 1947 at least. Trump just ordered it released...
  19. @albertchehade9916: The airports around where you are doing your AWK is eye popping! Where  I did air work in AUS, we’d have THREE airfields!
  20. @AmaraMohamad-e5e: My wish is to fly a plane😂

- Cirrus Vision Jet Flight Vlog! Bumpy Ride to California!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Welcome back to another video. We're inside 12 Victor Julia right now at Atlantic FBO at Portland International Airport in Oregon. Heading back to Sacramento Mlen Airfield. It's going to be some weather. 31,000 ft 2 hours up in the air. Let's go flying. Thanks for watching. [Music] All right, everyone. Welcome aboard. Going to fire up this engine, go from there. Just dropped off some family. It was quite a bit of weather coming in, but should be a fun one. Pre-flight inspection is complete. Door is shut one, two, three times. That looks good. Parking brake is set. Batteries are on. Gens are coming on. External GPU not needed. FedEx Bravo is current. Turn on the strobe light. Check the casts. Cast messages. They are good. Thrust is idle. I'm clear. Right, forward and left. Let the gentleman know we're starting. N2 light off and ignition. Looking for N1 before 25. I see it. Monitor it. It oil temps looking good. Oil pressure is coming up. It's accelerating nicely. It's a good start. All righty. That was a good start. Continue with our checklist. Auction master is coming on. Avionics initialization. Databases are good. Go ahead with our prefired test. Fire. Stall. Stall. Stall. All right, that was all good. The only person on board today. Fill up this weight and balance. All righty, we got our digital ATIS texted to me as well as my um pre-eparture clearance. Pretty cool. Going into certain airports, we can get just texted our clearance. So, we don't even need to call clearance. Go ahead and put in our route destination today. Kilo Mike Charlie, our home base, Mlullen Airfield. Going to plan runway 10 left. is what we just landed on. We need 2436. We have 9800. That is all good. We can accept initialization. Caps pin is coming removed. Passengers, no one is with me. Seat belts on secured. Bleed is coming on. All right, comms and now. All right, we're going to go procedure departure. We are on the Portland departure runway 10 left. Gonna go ahead and load that. So, we're going to go ahead and look at it. Ground rising 2299 Charlie 22 229 runway 10 left climb to climb heading 103 to 500. Climb on assigned heading for radar vectors to assign route fix. Maintain assigned altitude. Expect file outs do within five minutes. 10 left standard climb, minimum of 350 feet per nautical mile. We can quite easily do that. So that all looks good. We're going to go two over four. I see auto throttle is engaged. Heading mode. Flight level change. That looks good. Adis clearance. We got texted. We got Lima. Upter is set. Transponder is set. Heading initial altitude is set. Flight controls. I'm up and down. Up and down. That is good. Free incorrect. Trim is set. Flaps are coming. 50. Electric roll trim is set. Toga button. We just did. Pitch attitude. Cast. Seat belts. Parking brake is coming. Released. We'll check the brakes as we taxi. Go from there. Hello. Vision jet 12 Victor Juliet over at Atlantic. Information Lima. Ready to taxi. Vision 12 Victor Juliet. Portland grounds. Taxi via whiskey hold short alpha. All right, taxi whiskey hold short alpha 12 Victor Juliet clear right forward and left the guy now we're good to taxi. Good afternoon. SC 3918 on alpha inbound gate delta 9 3918 Portland ground taxi via alpha alpha 6 kilo park alpha alpha 6 kilo park 3918 to Victor Juliet runway 1 left at tango taxi via whiskey alpha 1 left at tango tax via whiskey alpha 12 Victor Juliet right some air coming All right, clear on the right forward and left. Right, departure frequency is going to be 118.1. That is all set. We are clear left. Departure briefing one left. We got plenty of runway. If I don't like anything on the initial ground roll, I'm going to go ahead and stop. Brakes and thrust. 0 to 600 ft. We're landing straight ahead. gear and flaps as required above 600 ft. We can pull the parachute if we have a total loss of engine. However, if everything is normal, we're going to be following the departure up to 6,000 and above 2,000. If I don't like anything, we'll just come back here. Just met an awesome Cirrus pilot here at Atlantic. He came from South Carolina with his wife and his SR22 Turbo. Super cool meeting Cirrus pilots at FBOs's, especially ones that watch the channel. So big thank you. Um and yeah, he's heading to Newport right now. One of the most gorgeous areas honestly you can fly. So stoked for him. All righty. Taxi 10 left at Tango. This will be intersection departure, but still plenty of runway. Right. Departure briefing is complete. We'll make sure our landing lights on. We'll make sure our probes are on. Engine IPS is going to be off right now. Wing stabs are off. Cast are checked. We got probe heat off cast. That's totally normal since it's not on. And a fuel imbalance cast and that is totally normal too. As we turn sometimes the sensors get bounced around so no issues there. Caster check. Trim is set. Flaps are 50. Looking good. Hey ground sky is 3361. Bravo 4 for gate bravo 4. Sky is 3361. Portland ground tax straight ahead join tango to the gate. Straight ahead joint tango to the gate. Sky is 3361. Going to go ahead and put away my boogie board. It's great for right down clearances. I'll put that link in the description. Go ahead and switch over to tower. November one 12 Victor Juliet Portland tower. You're ready to go. Affirm two Victor Juliet. Number two, Victor Julia, caution wake turbulence embra departed when calm. Runway 1 Z left at tango cleared for takeoff. Turn left heading 085. All right, on departure left turn heading 085. Runway 10 left at tango intersection. We are clear for takeoff. One two Victor Julia. Thank you. They said caution or weak turbulence. That embra did depart quite a few minutes ago, so I feel comfortable with that. Coming up here on clear left, clear right. Probes on, landing lights on. Flaps are 50 before takeoff checks are complete. All right, that's runway one left. Compass degrees, stable takeoff. Takeoff power is set and achieved. When you get engine air speed is passing through 60 knots. There's rotation. Positive rate on the brakes. Gear up. Looking for 115 for flaps. 115. Clear of obstacles. Clam power. Coming up 400 ft. Clear left. Left turn. Coming in. helicopter Romeo Tangomin tower 12.9er keep score 1 to 0.9er have a good day to for tango there's heading 085 climbing at 6000 looking good Victor Julia traffic off to your left and about 2 miles eastbound helicopter 1,500. Contact departure. Have a great day. Look for traffic over departure. Good day. One 12 Victor Julia. I don't see that traffic, but air way below us now. I'll keep that climb going. Departure low vision 12 Victor Julia 2.3 climbing 6,000 heading 085. November 1 Victor Juliet departure radar contact 15,000. Climate 15,000. One 12 Victor Juliet 12 Victor Juliet. southbound moderate turbulence in the climb 9,000 and above. Roger to Victor Julius. Delta 2551 standby. All right, 15 is set. Still on the heading. We're looking good. Just doing a little bit of hand flying. Delta 251 are looking good. Pressurization 2691. November 12 Victor Julia, turn right heading two 0. Right, turn heading two 0. One two Victor Julia. All right, we are clear. Great. Turn the engine IPS on. We're going to be going in the clouds here shortly or pretty soon. So, it's good to get that warmed up. All right. 5,000 climbing 15 in the turn. We're looking good. Sky 6536 contact tower 123.77 2377 sky 6536 good day there's heading 20 0 right go ahead and turn on autopilot we are heading mode flight level change up to 15,000 we're looking Ryzen 2029. Contact approach 126.9 269 29. We'll see. Well, this is when I would say beautiful day to go flying. It's honestly kind of some not so fun weather to go flying in today, but at our top altitude of 31, um, we'll be above it all. I just flew through it from Sacramento um with my grandpa, my uncle, and my uncle's girlfriend, and it got really bumpy at 16,000. November 12, Victor Julia, turn right heading 24. Right turn heading 24. One, Victor Juliet. November 822, Mike Charlie, climb, maintain 7,000. 7,000, right? So, we're just going to expect the bumps today. Be patient with it. And yeah, we had quite a bit of icing as well, but definitely a great day to be in a turbine aircraft to just get above everything. November 2 033. No traffic reserve between you and McMenzville Airport. Report for cancellation on this frequency or if unable 18.35 on the ground. Busy day flying today. Dropped off family in Portland and then go back to Mlullen picking up more family and we're going to Phoenix Sky Harbor. So, lots of flying today. It's been great to get back in 12 Victor Julia. It's going into its annual soon, so we're definitely making the best out of it. Um, until yeah, it goes into its annual checkup. All right, 12,000 definitely starting to get quite bumpy here. There's lots of weather just coming through the Pacific Northwest starting from Portland all the way down to Red Bluff. Pop number one Victor Juliet turn left heading 180 left turn eight Victor Juliet Victor Juliet contact center 1258 258 good day one Victor Juliet thanks for the heads up 227 Seattle center jet 12 Victor Juliet 13.7 climbing 1500 in the turn heading 180 November 12 Victor Juliet Seattle center roger climate maintain 230 Expect a continuous moderate drop. I maintain 230. We'll expect 12 Victor Julia. Great service and help. Eugene now. Two Victor Julia. All right. Nav mode Eugene 23. This is good. I definitely don't love bumps, but I especially don't like it when I have my grandpa and family on board. But just kind of is what it is. We're starting that moderate shop here. The worst of it. I fell at 16. We are currently above 16 now, but we're good. Just getting bounced around pretty darn good. We're close to our maneuvering speed though of 150 knots indicated, which I do like. Not picking up any icing, but I'm definitely turning on the windshield IPS just so my windscreen doesn't fog up. Not fog up, but ice up. Like once the wings start icing up, we turn on our boots. One of those days. We're just at 4,000 ft per minute on our vertical speed. There's 4400. Actually, remember two Victor Juliet contact center 132.07 3207. Good day. One 12 Victor Juliet. Seattle center low vision jet 12 Victor Juliet 20.2 Two, climbing flight level 2 three 0. Viking 11 flight Seattle center. Roger. Moderate chop reported between flight level 2 three 0 and 2 niner zero. Vision jet 12 Victor Juliet Seattle center climb and maintain flight level 3 1 0. I maintain flight level 3 1 2 Victor Juliet. Right 31 is set. We're going to check on our wing. It is still clear. Looking good. Alaska 86 21,000 ft. We are definitely climbing. Well, the bumps are helping us in this case. Hopefully, we can get above it all shortly. So, as I was saying, my my grandfather was on the aircraft on the way to Portland. Oh, look at that. We're breaking out pretty quite nicely here. And um yeah, he just doesn't love flying airlines now. as he gets older, he kind of has some breathing problems here and there. So, being in a private aircraft where I do have um quick access to oxygen or if we need to go somewhere, it is really nice to have. So, I love flying with him and I know he does as well. So, it's been a such a great tool for my family to use this aircraft to um just cruise up the West Coast. As you guys know, West Coast Flyer, that's my it's my name on YouTube, but I do travel all over the country. I've taken this thing to Florida and I've taken a vision jet like this all the way to Sweden to the Atlantic crossing. So I don't just fly the West Coast, but if you're from the West Coast, you know that it's the best coast. All right, 24 climbing 31. Looking good. Just getting above it all right now. Going to go ahead and turn off my windshield IPS. We're going to keep the engine on. to Victor Juliet. Clear direct red. Clear direct red bluff. One two Victor Right. Nav mode. Red blood. And the turn. All right. We're going to hear the ding. Turn to go. 31 is set. Cruise checklist. Thrust levers good. Auto throttles on. Ice protection as required. 31,000 is captured. Cruise checks are complete. All right, everyone. Welcome to 31,000 ft. We're going to go ahead and turn off the cameras, enjoy the views, and uh we'll catch you in the descent into Sacramento. Thank you so much for watching. We'll talk soon. Maintain 4000. Maintain 4000. Right turn 320 zero Charlie Delta kind of Magguire approach 126.47. All righty everyone welcome back. We are in our descent to Sacramento Mlen 17.7 descending pile discretion 4000. We have the one minute weather at Mlen. Winds are quite strong down the runway. six is in use. Not in use, but it's favoring runway 1 16. We're going to use 16. There's no tower McL. Yeah, we're getting set up for the ILS runway 16. All right, we can continue with our descent checks. Thrust lever is good. Landing field is good. Ice protection. We got the engine on. Altimeter transition. Seats and seat belts, I am good. Brake pressure. I do feel brake pressure. Go ahead and brief this approach. Localizer runway 16 or localizer runway 16. We got the weather 274 will be our next frequency. CTF 22 975. We know it. Final approach course is 163. Final approach fix is voodoo. Voodoo at 1500. We'll bring that down to 277. which is 200 ft AGL. Airport elevation is 77. That checks out for me. Missed approach. Recline to 1200 then climbing right turn to 2200 outbound via the MCCVR radio. 344 to bonds and on. So we are currently direct dashing pop discretion 4,000. And yeah, once we land it'll be a left turn off to Mlullen jet services. Going to grab some fuel. Going to grab my sister. Gonna grab my sister's boyfriend and um our dog and say goodbye to my parents, my girlfriend, and I got some work to do in Phoenix. Fly another vision jet. So, we're going to Phoenix. So, should be fun. Approach briefing is complete. All seats are upright. Ice protection is good for now. We'll make sure we turn off engine IPS before we land, but we need it right now. Lights are on. Standby flaps. Going to be giving away a free online ground school course thanks to Flight Apprentice. I am not sponsored by Flight Apprentice, but my good friend did start Flight Apprentice. He is a corporate jet pilot and um he was my flying mentor. He got me into it and he was my instructor and just I ran through all of um the courses for the ratings I was going for and it just helped me a ton. So um in order to um win this free ground school, I want you to drop your story in the uh comment section here on this YouTube video. Tell me why you think you should get the free ground school and then I'll be going through and uh picking in someone. So yeah, thank you so much for watching. Number two, Victor Juliet at Dashy, join the localizer. Descent and maintain 30,000. At Dashy, join the localizer. Send maintain 30,000. 12 Victor Julia. Punching through some clouds here at 11,000. Negative icing. It's been quite the smooth smooth flight. It's going to be quite windy though when we land. Huge runway though, so that definitely helps us for landing. No two Victor Julia number one is sealed. Keep your speed up as long as practice. We're number one and we'll keep our speed up. Practical one two Victor Julia. All right, VNAV coming in, but 3000 is set. Looking good. Number two, Victor Julia, when the time comes, report cancellation of IFR in near this frequency or on the ground 11 nin or 82. Roger that. One two Victor Julia will plan on cancelling either with you or on the ground 1982. Thank you. 4126 contact tower 125.7 2 descending 3000 looking good cloudy day been in the clouds a lot today flying I enjoy it though especially flying Garmin equipped aircraft it just makes it a lot more simple than if you were not to fly with Our approach mode is armed. Victor Julia, maintain 180 knots to greater 180 or better. One 12 Victor That's what we're doing right now. 185. But we do need to slow down with the bumps, but help him out just a bit. Go a little bit faster. United 20. Maintain 5. Just break now. 43 Victor Julia. Traffic 10:00 one mile southwestbound. Airbus 6,000 descending to 5,000. They'll be stepping down over the top. Passengers behind you. Caution. Turbulence. All right. Thank you. We'll be looking 12 Victor Juliet. It looks like they're pretty much in the clouds, so I can't see them quite Juliet. Maintain 3,000 to dashy. Cleared to west runway 16 approach. M end of mone. Maintain 1 170 kn final. 170 um or greater till 5 mile final. Maintain 3000 till dashy. Clear for the ILS runway 1612. Victor Juliet IPS can come on off now. Seno will continue in ground track to ILS 17 left United 128 Victor Julia do you plan on canceling any error on the ground? All right, field site cancel IFR please. Are we still allowed to just clip that Charlie airspace though one two Victor Juliet two Victor Juliet a primitive IFR cancellations received and uh yeah you're you're still approved. You can remain on your code until landing. There'll be a citation following you in afterwards. Thanks for the cancellation change to advisory frequency is approved. All right, frequency change approved and yeah we'll keep it VFR all the way in. And you got my IFR cancellation. Great day. One two Victor Julia. Yep. United 12 and maintain 400. A little bit different verbiage he used. So I just want to make sure. Hey, you do have my IFR. All righty. The localizer is coming on in. All righty. We are established. We can go down to 2200 now. Vertical track. Right. Path is coming in. Traffic SC 665 full mile final runway 16 call traffic vision jet 12 Victor Juliet one mile final runway 16 inbound ILS jet services vision jet 12 Victor Juliet here go ahead for jet services yes jet services vision jet 12 Victor Juliet landing here in about 5 minutes. If you can have the jet a truck on arrival, that'd be great. Please. Quick turn. Copy. I'll let them know. Thank you. Thank you. Speed check. First notch flaps coming in. Flops are 50. Air speed is come back. I'm going to say 150. All right, we can continue down to 1500. Now that we're pass Bonds, there is our glide slope. Going to keep our speed up for the person behind us. All right, missed approach. Altitude is 2200 2200 is set. Our minimums are set at 277, but we are just VFR now. So, we're going to keep our head outside. Traffic vision jet 12 victory juliet five mile final runway 16. And thank you to the aircraft that um went out to the west to let us come in. You didn't have to do that, but we appreciate it. All right, speed is coming back now. Speed check. Gear's coming down. Three green, no red. Landing gears down. Three green, no red. Flops, one notch to go. Captain pressure is coming down. Windshield APS off. All righty. I'm going to go ahead and go autopilot off. Speed check. Flaps are coming full. All right, before landing three green, no red for laps are full. Yep to go. 500 500 call out. Gears down and locked. Mullen traffic paragon flight 605 citation excel. Uh we're currently 8 miles out on the ILS runway 16 mlen traffic vision jet 2 Victor Juliet short final 16 full stop Mlen and correction par 60 we're on 16 we're going to start easing back our speed minimums minimums Power's coming out. Greased it. All right, they are still the citation's not on our tail. So, I'm going to be nice to our brakes. Exit at Delta. That'll get us straight into Mlone. There we are. Clearlands. Call traffic vision jet 12. Victor Juliet clear runway 16 delta. Taxi clon jet services call traffic. All righty. Flaps are up. Landing light is off. Probe is off. Probes are off. Right everyone. Well, thank you so much for watching. Welcome back to Sacramento Mlullen. Um, we'll see you on the next video. Thanks so much for watching. Have a great one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tercio_moreira [1 likes]: Fantástico esse avião 🛬🛬🛬
  2. @RobAsterino: Cool. You know your business.  Absolutely awesome to watch. Lot of things to understand and initiate.  Was just thinking about the 1970s Cessna 150 I learned to fly in. Gauges..hehehe That jet has insane display screens. I love this stuff.
  3. @theloniousMac: Man it must feel great being able to fly a plane like that.
  4. @RS-uo2nd: Just buy a real jet on get on Expedia and book a ticket on one.  Please
  5. @Fragnatix: The patience of the ground crew is outstanding lol
  6. @kittykot4: I wish i could have this life😊
  7. @AWMT-MUSIC: 31000 Feet? WHo gives a sheit? Why not 29000 or 30000? Or suprise us how about -10000?
  8. @garyomalley4521: Great landing but headline was misleading for me. Bumpy? 
Nay, Nay.. great video. Thank you..
  9. @johnflesher7734: I guess if rich go ahead but no thanks
  10. @johnflesher7734: God way waste money
  11. @johnflesher7734: To dangerous and way to expensive
  12. @ericad9182: Is there a checklist you look at or do you just do it all from memory? Looks like all from memory but shouldn’t there be a list so you don’t miss anything?
  13. @I.Am.Pickle.Riiiiiick: what a beautiful plane
  14. @HarleyRider503: That jet is 2.5 - 3 million used. The instrumentation looks impressive as all hell.
  15. @StewieGriff-x4v: Christ in heaven grow some facial hair! you look like you're 12!!
  16. @theking-tn7mk: I could just set back with a cup of Dutch Brothers coffee and enjoy this video.
  17. @MohamedBangoura-v2f: This was super helpful, thanks!
  18. @echo1275A: So...not a pilot. During long flights, can you nap?
  19. @stiinky5269: dont know shit about planes, but great video! that landing seemed butter smooth
  20. @xDoyle514: wow that Cirrus is beautiful. Color combo is perfect

- MY FIRST TIME FLYING THE VISION JET to the BAHAMAS! + HYBRID SUPERYACHT TOUR!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we're here today at Fort laudero Executive Airport and I'm here with my friends at bichi Aviation I'm excited to bring you along we're going to fly the vision jet from Fort laa over to Nassau and we're going to check out one of the biggest super mega yachts in the world let's get this started I said it before and I'll say it again life moves pretty fast it's not about personality matrixes and charts it's all about the bumps in your heart all right everybody Welcome Aboard division jet thanks Charlie for having us on board we'll start this thing up throw on battery two battery 2 is coming on batter one's coming on everything's just initializing right now correct check to come up excellent okay put the strobe lights on strobe lights coming on yep and then now you can take your run dial for the engine take it to run going to run MHM stand by start and going push one time firmly Let It Go there we go we're getting our light off looking at the uh I'm watching it I'm looking at a bunch of other numbers but that would be my aort plan okay that's a good start go Gen one gen two okay put the landing light on all right good start so yeah we have an exciting day today uh we're going to be flying this Vision G right on over to NASA we'll be going VFR 17,500 is what the altitude we're going to take a affirmative and when we get over there we're going to check out our friend Captain Matt who is the captain of one of the biggest luxury yachts in the world instructions you have information Lio information Lio 1453 Zulu win 140 at11 visibility 1 Z tilling 2,400 broken temperature 27 D point 22 301 local rway n approaching usart Runway Niner and Runway 13 no n ver divisor in effect autoo fix aircraft cont C delivery 17.95 prior to taxi all aircraft Reb Roo instructions on initial contact you have information Lima all right we have information Lima that's the current AIS here at Fort L Executive Airport hey executive clearance Vision jet trip 7 Charlie Bravo information Lima VFR eastbound just keep our IFR in F please VFR eastbound 1200 trip 7 Char B executive clearance cont over to ground Triple 7 all right we at clearance delivery know what we're plan of action is and now we're going to go over to ground frequency here ground Vision jet Triple 7 Charlie bravo charlie 2 ra taxi Vision jet trip 7 Charlie Bravo rer Runway ner tax Char Echo hold to 13 Runway ner via Charlie Echo hold Runway 13 viset and I my braks good your BRS good here's your armrest for you so yeah I'd like to welcome everybody on board this is my second time fingard that thank you me and Charlie we flew up to Heaven's Landing noreast Georgia last time and today is going to be a little bit different going out over into the Bahamas I fly as a professional pilot in my career today we're just flying for fun and uh I partnered with pilo institute.com and there's a lot of free courses that they provide that are amazing and it's all Linked In the description below they also have some paid courses to help you get through all your ratings and also I use the iPad Mini 6 and with the pivot case systems and the mounts that's also linked in the description below pivot cases my discount code you can save 15% continue toway Vision Bravo yeah if you hear a lot of Charlie braavos my da62 is flying2 is flying yeah so you're going to hear a bunch of Charlie braavos so the da62 is taxi right now so we're using caution for that using our full call sign okay so this is One Tree we're cleared to cross cleared to the left and clear to the right Charlie's Got a flight school here brei Aviation here at Fort R executive if you guys are looking to go to a premier flight school check this place out that Charlie runs here he's got an amazing Fleet of airplanes we have uh SR20 a 22 turbo we have extra 300 a da62 the vision jet we're flying today and Skyhawk and we typically sell two or three of our planes every year or so and we get a couple more listen someone just got a pilot deviation I just heard receiving it must be having radio problem here today I'm parked at bon bon North so this 3000 corre rer how do you hear this frequency or how do you hear the transmission right so this is g3000 technically it's garment perspective plus touch like when you get to the Hond the jet or the TBM 930 you'll see a third screen in here but you have your gtc's your garment touch controls and it's essentially the same thing actually that's makers there my little job your clearance closer that's one of their newer Caravans so we're going rotate around 85 knots correct yep you got all your speeds right here you can glance at them when we get on the runway again okay perfect all our checklists are done we did all our safety briefings we'll just do a a quick recap our Survival equipment all the way in the back next to Elise goes maker there going to the Bahamas also way down to the staniel Key Club I love hearing the uh turban spool up and down when yeah throttle it's a lot more fun compared to a turbo prop left oh wait right here in case for some reason this guy doesn't want to get going we could still make alpha 2 if they want to give us that yeah I like where your head's at November 4 33 mik jul lff milod 22 Kil r November 34 extend after 422 and as a reminder as we line up and you accelerate you'll have your feet about halfway up as that airflow and that speed increases and you get more airf flow over that Rudder it will become more effective then you bring your toes all the way to the bottom of the rudder to avoid riding the brakes that's that's really a serious thing with how the nose Wheel Works Vision November 77 Runway line up traffic right down line upet Bravo clear final clear way we just got somebody clearing all right look hey our d62 is off the right way there we go first together line up and here line up here in Center Line there we go all lined up just waiting for his call November bra Eastway clear for take here we go takeoff power is set yep th is set line here I'm going to start to shift you can bring them all the way to the bottom of the r now you got it looking good looking for a rotation speed looking good got a little bit of a right crosswind rotate there we go rotate man this thing gets up there you go I'll get your gear up and I'm standing by for flaps looking really good lower that nose to about 7° nose up for now sounds good that'll be a good pitch attitude all right flaps are up take off for faster traffic offset to the clear to the right give me about a 1 Z heading 1 heading 135 kns for now up to 1,000 ft for now and you can bring your bring your thrust to Max continuous there we go Max continuous set there's 1,00 ft we level it out all right 11 Z heading we got somebody taking off that's faster than us that's why we offset and we got for releas all right go up to 2,000 ft fly heading 105 now 105 2000 ft y I'm going to navigate the airspace here 52 kilway Take look at there beautiful view out there coming up on the uh the beach over here man it's nice nice and quiet I can't get over how quiet it is inside this change approv all right we just getting outside of the class Charlie airspace here climbing up to 2700 ft as you can see out the front window now it is a beautiful day out here in the Bahamas so we've got direct to NASA programmed into the uh computer system of the airplane here I'm still hand flying it as I really don't know if I want the airplane to have all the fun I like to enjoy hand flying this airplane we're clear we go up to 175 now all right 175 yeah go 15° nose up for now we'll use that speed and then as the speed bleeds we'll do a cruise clim of 165 165 there we go hey look at that vssi now we look like a Lear 5200 ft a minute and there we are bleeding off there you are 165 one of the things that ESP reacts to immediately go ahead and just start banking to like the 60° Mark right now I want you to feel the pressure I'm talking about just start banking to it you'll see these little ticks right here start pitching up a little more go past that 45° marker feel that pressure just let go of the stick you'll see the airplane starts correcting it slowly see that yeah wow now if you did fight that let's do one to the right and actually get the the ESP engagement go to the right start that right turn and just hold it at like 50 de go a little more a little more all right now fight that pressure you feel the airplane fighting I want you to continue to fight it hold the nose hold the nose up yep keep fighting it fighting it yep just keep the turn going oh yeah oh yeah I'm fighting it hard yep keep fighting I want you to see what the computer does engag all right let go so it said engaging autopilot it went to level mode level mode autopilots on and it says hey man let's go back to Wings level wow that keeps you really safe if you really start screwing things up yeah there there's some good technology in the plane you just have to understand the systems yep you can disengage the red button turn us on course W that's pretty interesting oh it's got that technology built in great view down there with this turn you got a great shot at bimy now oh yeah look it out the front here guys see there is the island of bimy the closest island in the Bahamas to Florida south Florida here great place to go explore my two favorite spots in the Bahamas a lot of people ask me I love staniel key and the Exumas is my number one spot and then I also love Harbor Island up there by North alra that's my second favorite area to go enjoy in the Bahamas see little switch right there it says enable can you turn that on I just need to turn Wi-Fi on to notify oh you got onboard Wi-Fi too we do notify our ride that we are landing shortly so Charlie today tell us uh what we're going to go out here and explore on at Nassau one of my Stu I'm proud of all my students one of my first students the gentleman's name is Matt and um he finished at the bare minimum time at the time we were part 61 he finished at 40 hours and um he soloed on his second flight lesson I couldn't believe it he did have some like 10 hours of experience 10 years before but this guy uh was landing on Center Line with proper crosswind technique you know 8 10 hours into training on the second flight lesson and uh he soloed he he has the record soloed on the second lesson and finished uh I think about 22 days of training and his his background he's been a yacht first officer and then a yacht Captain for for some pretty big noticeable ships and we're just really proud of him so he was nice enough to offer us this tour of this uh mega yacht that he's the captain of and he's got a fantastic crew um the ship I think it it it's a million dollar a million euros a week to Charter out plus tips and food he's the captain of this boat he's he sailed this thing all around the world correct that's correct yeah you know talked to him a couple weeks ago he's in France a couple weeks before that he's here he's there and now they're doing a little uh you know kind of Bahamas island Charter thing it's going to be ex say I'm excited to talk to a captain in the Marine industry on a big vessel like this as I'd like to compare the different challenges of being a captain on an airplane compared to also the challenges of what it's like to have be a captain on a big vessel like that so it'll be interesting to talk with them and have them show us like what it's all about yeah I'll notice the the guys and gals that are captaining ships they in Flight Training they tend to be inherently smooth they their turns out their their sa their situational awareness is very high we're in a level off 200 ft and uh that's just something I see consistent with anybody that's even you know if they have a small boat that they've been driving around in um they're just inherently smooth so uh I see that transition they usually are most successful most expeditiously there we go level at 17,500 ft take a look out there off the left wing that's what it looks like from 17,500 ft surface to 1000 pick up the uh information there at Nasa kns visibility 8 nautical miles clouds scattered 2,000 scattered 5,500 broken 1 2000 temperature 82 F 28 C 2.72 F 22 C all temperat 3 0 03 arriving aircraft must contact n approach control on frequency 121 Z all particip V aircraft contact appr control approximately 25 naal miles from airport and expect access for sequency all the aircraft must contact delivery and frequency 118 prior to taxing advis initial contact you have a information hotel right all right we got the uh weather and information there at Nasa shta 1944 you're following a slow on a 7 called out a slot 195 194 atcs not hold back today all right so we have our cruise checklist done our vertical navigation profile is set we're starting our descent 8 minutes 45 seconds we'll call approach 25 out per their procedure perfect Jake you're back shut your face I came back for the music 36 as you can see out the front now we got NASA in sight we're going to be coming into r one Z join left Tower good day good day sir thank you sir I'm actually going to disconnect the autopilot have a little y That's What We love to hear go for it Charlie 6 Charlie for Yankee radar reengage the'll engage it'll it'll turn off at 200 ft so that's when you it'll automatically turn off you'll see the yd come off and if you wanted it off before then you could you just push and hold the red button okay how long do you have to hold it for to have it dis as soon as you hold it Bravo you still have the citation inside 12:00 and 4 miles we do division jet Triple 7 Char we'll give you the proper space and we'll be slown down to about 100 indicated momentarily Roger uh he's going to slow down tremendously as well uh Tower 195 advise them you have him in sight 7 he is going to slow down tremendously why does he want to slow down tremendously I think that's just the tower's experience with the citation I guess he's been bashing a little bit this morning you're right he has pass on Tower Vision jet trip 7 Charlie Bravo gps10 sight we'll be slown down about 100 indicated we'll give you the proper sping Bravo rer continue number two continue number two Bravo we got our Runway inside out there very good mod first fled clear Lane one going to Jet and we also make sure it indicates indicating let's go de down ground Sky 4 5 120 for now is good okay 120 is what I'll be pitching for here I'm going to take a look at his ground speed right now see what he's doing trafficing all right so he's doing 98 we're doing 110 so let's go 105 indicated now 105 indicated look at the beautiful view of the beaches and the water down there three green that's the second gear check okay watch The Donut and that's going to give you your your VRE your F approach speed okay wait till the full flaps come down I'll point out to you CU it continues to change with weight and other factors okay do you see the donut I see theut traffic departy clear land Runway 1 Vision 7 Bravo okay you see it's about 78 so right now 88 is going to be your Final Approach speed for now and then as we're coming into ground effect then our eyes are just outside so you're doing vrff plus VR plus 10 so 88 now you'll see as we make angle different movements angle of attack movements essentially you'll see the donut shift a little bit so you could just in your mind 90 is a good Final Approach speed right now St approach criteria has been met we're good to go sounds good all right it's our third gear check as we approach 500 ft checklist done got three green we'll keep our toes on the bottom of the rudder we're going to taxi all the way down make a right turn for Odyssey so we will uh we don't get any points for landing on the numbers today we'll go all the way down it's a nice long Runway go thank wow look at the view off our wing it's a cloudy day out here and it's still beautiful Cloud base on the departure and it's about 1,000 ft a little bit left so we have a little bit of a wind coming off the right side go walk back the ground negative semi frequency looking good looking good now this y damper will turn off automatically at 200 ft correct 200 ft will come off we'll call it out minimums minimums continue there it is it's off you have rder authority perect arav Runway one Z 848 nov Tower 1 Z continue 1 1 wind's pretty much coming right down the wrun way looking good you can start reducing that P power smoothly to idle as you enter ground effect clear land American 2246 wow wow I feel like you do this every day are you flying a vision jet on the side are you cheating on me here I don't know what is this I always say it's very be lucky than good but that was a smooth land cross4 contact ground 31 [Applause] bra Odyssey Vision J Bravo right on Kil over the ground so they want us to have us exped down toil go over the ground frequency so welcome to Nassau guys I'm hope you enjoyed that flight I to me it was an amazing flight amazing views amazing crew it was so much fun like I said don't go anywhere we're going to go check out this mega yacht and see what it's like like to be a captain on this boat to sail it around the world well no one clapped it was the best landing no one clapped come on people come on Char clear Runway 1 Z kilo taxi Odyssey November 777 Charlie Bravo taxi Odyssey taxi Odyssey Vision trip 7 Charlie Bravo bra Bravo checklist is 381 quec Sierra next checklist will be the shut down checklist and right up here this is Odyssey this is the FBO that we'll be using El have Customs here we're going to clear I can see our Marsh here make a hard left look at that big floow plane right there4 ground push Bo one yeah we just went up to Jack Brown did ourc plane rating that's great so much fun highly recommended all right I can see our guy at 1:00 for toxy traffic entering jet very good he's going to have his park right up there in the front row yep I can see us waving I can see him waving there you go you see him yep there we go be parking right between a Honda Jet and a slot we come to a stop we'll just have a one minute cool down at idle power Tang cross feels good to be back in the Bahamas well done Captain sounds good thank you Budd we cheated death one more time yeah exactly live to tell the story Okay one minute take your headsets four St again4 BD have you take that dial switch it to off and then go ahead and push that button one time start button right here push it once quickly y perfect it's bleeding it's awesome all right let's go explore let's do it all right and then from right to left we'll turn all the stuff on 1 2 3 four be the bigb che every showing out to your girlfriend best friend just so they could wish they was with you you ain't want to hit the club but the pressure got you out trying to get a table in the P everybody snapch but ain't nobody trying to drop on the lied we all right guys we're here on the yacht Savannah and we found Captain Matt how long have you been uh in the yachting industry and how do you like it yeah I've been in yachting for close to 19 years I've been on Board Savannah for 7 months new new command to me really love the yachting industry been doing it for that long hence hence my love of it it's uh it's an amazing industry get to meet a lot of cool people I can imagine great crew so this is you've been on this boat for or got for seven months now what is it like transitioning onto a brand new boat that you've never been on before not easy not easy no take some time there's two captains on board I share the share the command with Chris Durham another friend of mine um and yeah learning The Vessel we're 273 ft 273 ft is this the biggest yacht you've ever been on command of or my largest captaincy uh slight smaller than a previous boat I worked on before how many other Yachts significantly have you been on throughout your whole career I've only worked on four Yachts y total W so I think Matt we should uh go up to the bridge and you could show us where all the magic happens to try to maneuver this thing around and show us the the systems up there sounds great perfect happy to show it to you hey guys welcome to the bridge of Savannah we're quite a special boat um I call it a boat Steve was calling it a boat or mega yacht super yacht whatever you like to call it something quite special about Savannah she is a diesel electric uh hybrid vessel but also with this breathe propulsion system so we have an azy pull and a pusher both are constant speed propellers with variable pitch and the azy pull allows us to have pretty excellent maneuverability um they counter rotate the counter rotating blades all us to be more efficient than say conventional yacht like chaos behind us which has uh standard twin shaft twin props so this saves us about 30% of fuel on our efficiency which is great um that makes us quite special compared to most other yachts in the uh yachting Fleet um that's all controlled here it's called breathe system commissioned by Rolls-Royce and fed ship it's little dim just like a big iPad yeah basically so all our different modes going in there when we're maneuvering we're using just the Pod we can also bring BR in the forward CPP Pusher and we have a large bow thruster as well to um help us maneuver the boat alongside or in other conditions um up on the bridge we have our full CCTV camera system allows us to see what's going on in the exterior the engine room all the technical spaces um make sure no one's where they shouldn't be obviously security as well our Radar xand Radar our transis nav sailor this is our we're full acus Bridge meaning we don't carry any paper charts much like your airplanes our conning station so on the right we have our bow thruster which is our our yaw for you airplane folk left and right of the bow our forward Pusher it's all automated and then we have our azy pod which azy pole excuse me which allows us to really maneuver the stern in any direction we wish positive and negative pitch oh that's pretty sweet yeah so our different propulsion modes we have maneuvering which is just solely on the ayod a You Pull and our B Thruster we then go into diesel electric which automatically changes our speed uh maintains our speed but then brings us over to the for propeller we control both props with just a single uh lever and allowing us to steer the ship with this tiny little wheel then we have our range mode which will make this will be more um apparent when we get down to the engine room and we discuss the different propulsion because we're diesel electric we run on generators but we also have a 1 megawatt hour battery Bank along with a auxiliary engine which you'll find that funny when you see it it's a 3,000 horsepower 9 cylinder warilla engine sban or xan radar we can swap those back and forth a redundancy to be fully paperless we have to have full redundancy of our navigational charts and then this is our AMS or monitoring system which allows us to see everything from fuel consumption to electrical usage right now you can see our power distribution which is our caterpillar generators we have a C32 2 c18s an emergency generator and then our battery Bank this also the W Zilla down here so you can see our current state of charge 61% on either Bank um you can see then we have our fuel consumption or fuel total excuse me right now we have 120,000 L on board Max Capacity is 172,000 L wow that's quite a bit of fuel absolutely how long do you usually go if you top off how long would take to have to RP off again it depends on our speed obviously our range mode is our most efficient 12 and 1 12 to 13 knots and we can go about 4 and half to 5,000 nautical miles depending on uh the weather conditions and and current well Matt that was pretty cool to get to see the bridge up here I'd like to know being a captain you know you have how how many crew on board this boat 24 24 you're the captain I would like to see where your accommodations and where you get to call home while you're out at Sea and under way can you show us that absolutely so right behind the bridge here the first door keep the captain's close to hand and this is where I get to sleep and work we have a little bit of an office here and uh nice on Suite a tremendous view compared to a lot of uh a lot of vessels that I've worked on before definitely very lucky beautiful area to be able to call home then I work across from the chief officer and financial officer who have their office here right next door so everyone's close together and what time work do they do in here a lot of administrative tasks majority of our job is not running the vessel in terms of maneuvering uh we spend a lot of time budgeting accounting scheduling we have 42 crew on the payroll so there's a lot of people to come and go flights organizing everything like that so here we are on the morning deck as you can see it's also doubles up as a crew gym so when we have guests on board the crew often come up here to work out stretch we' got our moing platforms that lower down at the sides here behind me and off to your left there steo allow the crew to see where we're going when we're docking um and to throw our lines ashore oh so those doors open up behind you and absolutely they can stand out there yes they fold down we have handrails that go in allows us to throw our heating lines ashore get our lines ashore tie up to the boat or UNM The Vessel we also have our anchors which allow us to stop and not be underway how long of anchor chain do you have so we carry eight shackles per side eight shackles so how long is that so one shackle is 272 M okay yeah so we tend not to Anchor anything more than 80 90 M Max otherwise it starts getting a bit uh iffy but here in the bahas going have to worry about it I cre 7 m basically just drop it and don't have to use much chain so an intricate system here as you can see it goes up and over which um can offer some complexity I see a sign here it says caution the moring deck is a snapback Zone yeah so when we're tying up we're using these uh Capon or winless also has a capston we can unclutch them so when they're not using them for anchoring operations we tighten our Mooring lines with them and if you snap a line you can do a YouTube dive on that and see what a line could do to a person if uh if you get hit by it definitely won't be wouldn't be pretty no back here on the midship I believe they have a nice gym where Captain Matt said they can actually use all this equipment when there's no guests on board can work out with a view there we go is am I doing the right form I don't know but it's good to always stay in shape down down down we go where do you think we're going to be going next in the uh laundry area got a lot of washer and dryers all right so in here we're in the laundry room but just forward is our battery room really makes our hybrid diesel Electric System what it is and that sort of makes Savannah Savannah allows us to really be a little more efficient and and run our Machinery more efficiently so our generators are always uh charging something instead of running under load and these are all the batteries wow so these are all the batteries my goodness we're actually upgrading these to 2 and 1/2 megawatt hour all the batteries are coming out and with technology that's Advanced these days we can almost triple our capacity and it goes all the way around both sides a lot of batteries all right so we'll head through the end room some people really love the end room some don't like it but it really is the heart of the ship our propulsion our water makers are there everything that we need to keep the vessel running happens behind this door wow oh my gosh this thing is amazing all right so welcome to the engine room on Savannah as you can see it's also set up as Workshop but uh primarily what you see is what you get we have got two generator rooms either side which helps keep the noise down for when we're sitting in Port just running on generators um really the the centerpiece is our warilla 9 cylinder 3,000 horsepower engine which um can run both propellers and the entire Hotel load so we just run the entire vessel on this one engine um if we kick up into higher speed modes we start really pushing it we've got a top speed of 17 knots then we start bringing on the other generators giving us that additional power that we need not very very efficient we try not to do it very much so really run this as much as we can our most efficient slow speed engine it runs about 1,000 RPM uh that's obviously the main engine exhaust goes up through that stainless steel you see all the engines have that stainless steel uh shroud which also insulates it prevents the heat from really the heating up the end room and also getting our missions out of the vessel so as I'm sure you can tell I'm not engineer but this is where the chief engineer second and third get to spend some of their time when they're not out fixing the rest of the equipment out on the decks or inside the engine room but ECR is called the engine control room and allows them to Monitor and control all the ship systems so this is our tender garage it's mid ships both shell doors open up this side opens down this side opens up we've got two uh 4 ton gansi cranes which help launcher tenders it's hold two laser cell books multiple kayaks padle boards three seedar two awake surf boards efoils um every inflatable you can imagine fishing gear paddle gear so this is where really all our water sports is launched from and and how we keep everything nice and clean and looked after it's really great having boats kept inside so the reason why we're actually here today is Captain Matt is a pilot in aviation and Charlie was his flight instructor about 5 years ago so Matt was probably one of my first students when I first started out and started doing primary training and um he's very humble about it but he was definitely one of the star students meaning that he sold on his second flight lesson he finished the minimum 40 hours and um you know it was it was rewarding having that brush stroke in his Aviation career but uh you know we've become very close friends since that time and now we fly formation to Key West and it's just a good time just uh you know it's probably one of the most fun things that I get to do besides doing training is just breaking off with guys like Matt when they're not working and and uh just kind of enjoying and sharing Aviation together what type of airplane are you currently flying uh so I'm a part owner in a 1969 Mooney m2f oh sweet that's got to be a lot of fun um I'm not IFR rated yet so I'm trying to you know stay humble stay safe and try to yeah so flying as a captain you know in a career and all that you have different challenges uh coming over to this type of career I'm sure you have a lot of challenges that you have to navigate being a captain on a yacht what would be some of the most challenging aspects of captaining a a yacht like this for sure I think a misnomer might be that everyone thinks the captain is just driving the boat all the time and honestly that's the funnest part as you saw the propulsion system is amazing it's really maneuverable great fun to drive um often I'm not touching it though I'm letting the chief officer and Second Officer Drive the boat I want them to be getting that experience um I think when you become qualified at something and feel confident teaching others is very rewarding um and so driving the boat's easy part we're not doing it very much and when we're crossing the Atlantic we're staring at a window making sure you know we don't come into contact with other vessels um but really the hard part is managing the crew managing the crew that's interesting I mean you are like a supervisor of this whole operation and you got to make sure it runs efficiently and safely absolutely we've got 40 40 employees on the books 40 crew that come and go um and not to say they're a problem we we have a lovely crew on Board Savannah I'm very fortunate to work here um but that takes out the majority of our time is moving people in and off the boat and making sure that we maintain a high level of service uh the clientele we have on board really demand the best and we have to run at a high level yeah guys we'd like to really thank Captain Matt for having us on board uh Savannah and thank you also for Charlie and bringing us over in the vision jet today it was an amazing day an amazing experience uh thank you so much for having us on board problem and anyway we look forward to seeing you guys again in the future if you guys like the video smash that Thumbs Up Button subscribe to the channel I'll also link everybody's social media in this in the links down below if you want to click on any of those be sure to give them a follow I hope all is good and we'll talk again someday soon oh the passenger he rides and he ride he sees things from under glass he looks through his windows eyes he sees the things he knows are his he sees the bright and Hollow Sky wece the cities as sleep at night we SE the Stars around tonight and all of it is yours and mine and all of it is yours and mine well let's ride and ride and ride and ride singing la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnvyMotorsport [54 likes]: Love watching YouTube videos that continually tell me I'm poor.
  2. @jayvirp [5 likes]: This is your best video Steveo. More clips with Berichi please. You guys are a great crew!
  3. @carey-uk2ux [4 likes]: i will take the brunette in the white!!!;)
  4. @indydadwal5078 [4 likes]: My favorite crew at it again!!!!
  5. @joelgraybeal [3 likes]: Chief Berichi! I’ve flown the SF50 and B407 with him. He’s great!
  6. @lazersharp1 [3 likes]: Great Instructor, personable with appropriate call-outs for training.
  7. @GiaCorreale-n6x [3 likes]: Chief Instructor Berichi is awesome. Love this Vision Jet Video and wow that yacht. Well done Steveo!!!! You guys are a great crew!
  8. @zazatrading3473 [3 likes]: Best crew ever! Berichi and Steveo all day!
  9. @reecegold7962 [2 likes]: Wow. I love the Vision Jet. I did my high altitude endorsement in it with Chief Berichi before I started flying my TBM 900. I completed my Instrument Rating Airplane at Berichi Aviation also. Chief Berichi also personally did my AMEL ADD ON. Rohan did my stage checks. Their team is fantastic. I am currently flying a TBM 900. Next year I am slotted to start flying a Citation. Thanks for making this video Steveo. It’s great. I hope to see you a Chief Berichi in the cockpit again soon. You guys are a fun crew. Both true professionals.
  10. @MCNICF [2 likes]: Nice video!
  11. @Giambis [2 likes]: Man I remember watching this guy’s YouTube channel he had 20,000 subscribers. Good job Steve.
  12. @WolfDZNMD [2 likes]: Chief Instructor Charlie and Steve are my favorite crew. Very nice!
  13. @TacticalAviationGWOT [2 likes]: The way you guys fly together is awesome, especially considering the fact that you are focused on filming and learning. Great multi tasking. Steveo and Berichi are def the hit crew on YT. Hope to see more in different aircraft soon.
  14. @Superbates123 [1 likes]: No walk-around?
  15. @KindWizzard: why is the cockpit glass so curved?
  16. @bradgarrett7790: So what is that blue, white, and silver jet off to the side? That thing is sweet.
  17. @dmimcg: Tht jet is almost as ugly as HillryClintun.
  18. @elkasava4: butterrrr
  19. @SubtleSpire: Why aren't the guys wearing shorts? Is this the current hooters of air travel?
  20. @jdonohue41: What is the worth of the lacht?

- What License Do You Need to Fly a Cirrus Vision SF50: Kind: captions Language: en Aviation is a business that attracts dreamers and some dreams die hard after receiving deposits starting in 2006 Cirrus unveiling aircraft mock-up in 2007 and a prototype in 2008 as the world's first personal jet this aircraft outranges all other competitors in its class the Cirrus sf50 better known as The Vision jet is one of the most interesting aircraft in the skies today and has taken the aviation World by storm this detail very lightweight aircraft is the first of its kind to be powered by only one jet engine making it the first civilian single-engine jet to be type certified by the FAA and easa Cirrus a us-based OEM that predominantly manufactures general aviation aircraft has ventured into turbine-powered aircraft in a very serious-like fashion visionjet has redefined what a vlj can be and has quickly caught up to its competitors in terms of sales even though it has been in production for a fraction of the time from a pilot's perspective the features and capabilities of the sf50 are nothing short of amazing and probably make it the best vlj on the market today after watching this video we hope you'd agree so in today's video we will look at everything you need to know about Cirrus vision sf50 and also discuss what you need to fly this Vision jet before we get on to that please consider liking and subscribing to our Channel it helps us a lot with the YouTube algorithm and lets us know that we are helping to enrich lives out there if you are into Aviation have a look at our new Aviation compilation Channel Aviation Central it is the first link in the description we would highly appreciate it so without further Ado let's begin the video the decision to manufacture a single engine jet was announced at the Cirrus owners and Pilots association meeting during the 2006 business Aviation convention and exhibition to get the program off the ground Cirrus asked potential customers to deposit one hundred thousand dollars for an aircraft they plan to have certified by 2010. describing the plane as the slowest lowest and cheapest jet available Sirius said it would also feature the company's Innovative parachute recovery system well it made its Maiden flight on 3rd July 2008 at Duluth International Airport then later in the month it featured one of the world's largest air shows the air Venture Oshkosh held at Whitman Regional Airport in 2011 Cirrus was bought by tij a Chinese Enterprise that funded the project a year later by summer of 2012 the Prototype had logged 600 flight hours and was ready to go into full production the first conforming prototype subsequently flew on 24 March 2014 followed by two other prototypes that same year after 10 years of development marred by financial problems and Technical challenges the sf-50 was certified by the FAA on October 28 2016. with certification the Cirrus Vision sf50 became the first civilian single-engine jet to be type certified with 15 percent of all orders destined to be sent to Europe Cirrus received its eaasa in May 2017. do you know that from its Inception till a prototype was unveiled the aircraft was called either the jet or the personal Jet by Cirrus however after the Prototype was unveiled the company's marketing department got into gear and began trying to officially name the aircraft in July 2008 Cirrus announced that the aircraft would be called division sj50 V for the detail design and SJ for the single jet engine configuration the convention was changed less than a year later to the vision sf50 because it's to be powered by a fangent known as a turbofin engine inside the cabin almost feels like a luxurious SUV it's 5.1 feet wide and 4.1 feet tall it offers seating for up to five adults including the pilot and two children spread across three rows all seats are forward-facing so there's no playing footsie with other passengers the seats in the second row have ample legroom and a generous recline all seats offer easy access to built-in USB ports power outlets cup holders overhead lights and air vents similar to an SUV there's no bathroom or Galley on board however there is a 22-inch entertainment screen that drops down from the ceiling it can be used for working or watching movies but abgeeks will likely prefer to entertain themselves with the massive Windows the windows don't have Shades but are UV tinted for flexibility five rear seats can be removed easily by the pilot and the new layout can be configured in the sf50s avionics for Weight and Balance purposes more importantly the plane offers a slew of unique safety features with a safe return system the plane can land itself at the nearest airport with the Press of a button if things go really wrong there's also a parachute designed to Bear the weight of the entire aircraft that can be deployed by pulling a red lever on the ceiling other features include an infrared camera for increased awareness when flying at night and in bad weather well the Williams f-500 and 35 5A engine produces 1800 on thrust and allows the vision jet to cruise at 345 miles per hour the plane has a maximum range of 1 275 nautical miles but averages around 950 miles that's enough to fly between City pairs like New York and Chicago Boston and Atlanta and Phoenix and Dallas it cruises around 350 miles per hour and has a maximum altitude of 31 000 feet allowing it to Fly Above bad weather these specs are slightly below the Honda Jet but that plane costs roughly twice as much once in the air the aircraft is very friendly to hand fly as all kinds of AIDS to make the experience Pleasant the aircraft also has a yaw stability system that automatically kicks in at 200 feet the engine sits on top of the rear fuselage and is angled upwards when the aircraft is on the ground because of this unique positioning the poh quotes a deck angle limit of 20 degrees pitch up for more than 30 seconds during an average climb a typically loaded sf50 will climb at around 1 500 for them moreover Cirrus Aircraft are known for being fast and a problem with Cirrus Pilots is that often they let the aircraft get ahead of them and have a hard time slowing down at first glance the lack of speed brakes or spoilers might be concerning but the sf50 fixes this by having high extension speeds for the landing gear and flaps 210 and 190 gigs respectively about three quarters of buyers of the vision jet are upgrading from a cirrus Sr series single engine piston with the rest coming from high performance single engine pistons and turboprops as well as light Jets well if you're enjoying the video stay tuned as now we are going to discuss the most important part of this video what you need to fly Sirius Vision sf50 in cost so here we go well pilot training for a vision jet type rating begins six months before delivery starting with cirrus's online training program a type rating is required because the jet is powered by a turbine engine to fly a cirrus Vision sf50 you will need a valid Private Pilot certificate with an airplane single engine land rating in order to obtain this certificate you will need to complete a certain amount of Flight Training and pass a written exam and a practical test known as a check ride with an authorized instructor generally recently licensed IFR Pilots to have an easier time in the type rating course because they are more familiar with modern avionics and procedures Vision Pilots also need to learn about minimum equipment lists and now with the g2 Vision rvsm operations fortunately an FAA letter of authorization is no longer needed for rvsm in the US for aircraft that are adsb out equipped like the vision jet moreover pilots who are new to turbofin Flying also need to fly 25 hours of supervised operating experience with a mentor pilot after getting their Vision type rating but even professional Pilots with turbine experience can benefit from some mentoring the type rating course lasts 10 days and annual recurrent training takes two to three days when the Cirrus Vision jet finally hit the market in 2016 the aircraft was priced at 1.96 million dollars nearly twice the amount Cirrus promised when it announced the aircraft just under a decade ago customers had few complaints about the introductory price of the aircraft and understood that the rise in costs in inflation had rendered the promised price mood in 2019 the company released the G2 Vision Jet and priced the base version at 2.38 million dollars with the full option A light configuration priced at 2.75 million dollars two years later the G2 receive an upgrade and the new variant was called the G2 plus as of 2022 the elite configuration Gear 2 plus is priced at 2.98 million dollars while the G2 Elite is available for 2.85 million dollars it is not just the purchase price that is attractive the operating costs are also significantly lower than the competition data from Conklin and in Decker shows a variable operating cost of 676 dollars per hour almost half of the cost of operating competitor aircraft from Embraer Cessna and hondajet currently no vision jets are available on the pre-owned Market a sign that the plane is popular with current owners the aircraft fills a specific niche in the industry and with solid support from Cirrus general aviation customers transitioning into larger aircraft it looks promising for residual values well this brings us to the end of our video click the links to check out some of our videos moreover don't forget to like share and subscribe to our YouTube channel for more content like this we have many videos coming up see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @anbaha5793 [3 likes]: It was always my dream to fly a cute jet like this plane
  2. @Love4all1970 [3 likes]: You didn’t mention that the parachute has to be changed every 5 year at the price of $30K. Plus the 10 days training cost another $30K. Ahhh, and forget to mention that this plane stalls by the tail. Probably the main reason to get the parachute. Just saying
  3. @conkrs [2 likes]: You asked for thumbs up, i gave you one, thank you for the good content !!!
  4. @anbaha5793 [2 likes]: It's a master piece.
  5. @anbaha5793 [2 likes]: If god gave me the money, I'll buy it, and I'll take the licence to fly it by myself .
  6. @moeiniusa [1 likes]: Thank you, it was very educational.
  7. @ldakotatransplant6485 [1 likes]: It's a fun jet to fly, in Microsoft Flight Sim 2024. Although,I have reservations about single engine real world IMC flying in any airplane.
  8. @anbaha5793 [1 likes]: To dream, it's free .you dont need much to dream .
  9. @bouquet-cubaofficial6147 [1 likes]: It's a great thing that it has a parachute, so you can use it if you need to pee in the middle of the Atlantic.
  10. @WCB7971 [1 likes]: Yes sir, those cup holders and usb ports got me. Sign me up.
  11. @WCB7971 [1 likes]: The SF50 is one of the ugliest airplanes ever made. Looks like the engineers designed it and on Fri afternoon at 4 they realized they forgot the engine. Since happy hours was an hour away they just glued the engine on top and called it a day.
  12. @scpowered: So you say it is the first personal jet and then say it quickly catch up with competitors even though it has been in production for a shot time implying  the competitors built first 🤔
  13. @craftyolcodger216: If it's possible to fly it on PPL..... Is it a class 1 or 2 medical.  Non hire and reward just family and friends. ?
  14. @rainysunday6186: Just need a daddy with d e e p pockets
  15. @serkankalkan6439: Tbh if you ain't got a loo, you ain't a sale... imagine the discomfort of wearing an adult diaper
  16. @Swaggerlot: The licence is irrelevant. A good source of drug related income will help.
  17. @CarloBruno-s9y: How many miles can it glide with the engine off?
  18. @CptAlfaMike: PPL and type rating but you must fly VFR otherwise- to fly IFR  - you should obtain your IR ✅✅
  19. @xcop985: I believe you have to be certified as a single jet engine pilot
  20. @jerry_6694: Unfortunately the cirrus jet is owned by Chinas PLA

- Meet the HondaJet Echelon – Honda's HA-480 Transcontinental Mid-Size Jet: Kind: captions Language: en entering the mockup for the Honda Jet Echelon it used to be called a 2600 amazing airplane 2625 nautical mile range is a prediction 47,000 ft using the fj4 AC engines from Williams same ones that are very similar on the uh the cj4 we're going to come inside wow it's beautiful so here you can see the size of this aircraft it's long the room we come on way back so there's three standard configurations here you can see the lav they had a good Hallmark uh blue sink that they do in the Honda Jet 420 which is really really nice has really uh nice easy access on the side really nice placement for that sink I really like it and a nice uh vanity M mirror in there the two small skylights up there and then of course the lav here it's really comfortable very very deep aisle deeper aisle than um in some of the other Jets we've experienced of course emergency exit here's a capability see so you can put the beds the seats down look at that see how they have these stands here from the leg rest and then you put a mattress on and by George you've got a bed it's pretty cool large cup holders they're made to hold at least a 20 o Yeti to give you an example of room so very nice seats beautiful interior interior materials very nice they have Hideway armrest which has been the new thing to be able to take that room instead of sitting them out here and then having to to rotate them you're actually going to hide away so this configuration is a dual Club you can get it in different configurations you can get an executive with a de on the side if you want to and of course then we'll have tables here so very nice it's not quite sand up obviously I'm 63 but pretty darn comfortable to be able to sit up here uh to stand and walk in the in the aisle so very nice T gr sitting there he's 66 and he still has some head pretty good headro there on his side let me show you we'll show this and give you T gray there there he is tall fits there move the seats articulating seat nice seat rest coming out so that's pretty good hits his head a little bit on the side but still pretty comfortable sted I'm out here lots of room wow look it that comes out quite a ways it's very nice then we go up to the cockpit cockpit of course here we have the galley and through here it's all very pretty very nice design this is pretty we'll see what the of course the Design's going to change and and uh by the time it comes out in 28 but very pretty very nice Design interior the cockpit we've sat in the cockpit before in the other one this one they're trying to keep it um pristine so we're not going in it this time so it uses a g3000 one thing I did notice in this macka before when I was in there is the side windows are just too small these windows primarily are based on the Honda Jet 420 and I think they need to be bigger Windows as a pilot I want bigger Windows cuz once you sit here and you sit back if you're tall you really can't see anything what you're doing is looking out these side panels so that's one of the things but they're listening to people uh it's real interesting they did change the location for the handles up here to get in and out of the cockpit up here in the top I had talked to uh the original president of Honda aircraft and the designer Mr fuino and when we were talking about what things to do I said hey one of the things you need to do is redesign those handles and so it looks like other people probably suggest it as well so this will have capabilities such as the Auto Land and it will have of course Auto throttle so who knows what else Garmin and Honda Jet will come up with by uh 2028 but it'll be pretty cool so very comfortable airplane very beautiful leg room look at that leg room uh T gr is at 66 like I said I'm at about 63 lots of of room lot more room than any other light jet that I've been in so far it's very very [Music] [Applause] cool oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @FlightX101 [15 likes]: Awesome looking jet
  2. @stealthfighter2923 [12 likes]: It is cramped. But it beats flying commercial
  3. @khunopie9159 [12 likes]: It's nice. My wife likes the long ones (why she married me) so she wants this jet.
  4. @TenantRepGuru [5 likes]: Good review.  Thanks.
  5. @MichaelChris82 [2 likes]: my business related operating expenses.
  6. @gianpakasa [2 likes]: PC24 is the Queen!! But Honda, if for a while, will forget about USA  market, will get there!
  7. @mmassehs3251 [1 likes]: Is this the most fuel efficient plane in its class?
  8. @alanb.4660 [1 likes]: reminds me of the Learjet 45/75....not much market for that now!
  9. @johnp9020 [1 likes]: What’s up with those thick partitions in the cockpit windows jeez
  10. @kevincrowley6991 [1 likes]: No headroom too cramped
  11. @MitchellValentine-pr2lt [1 likes]: where do you store the mattress when not in use?
  12. @Ulyssesgrand: 04:32
  13. @jasoncrandall: Yesterday I flew my CJ4 non stop MCO to PHX with a 50 knot headwind in 4:59
  14. @mwaurakennedy1841: in this jets as a man i refuse to urinate sitting or bent i will release in peace
  15. @corujo_23: ❤me gustaria tenerlo❤
  16. @CLaFong: GE Honda are not making the engines?  I guess it would take to long to develop and certify and probably cost too much to make more powerful engines.
  17. @crwmdp9: Be nice if the current Honda Jets would quit running off wet runways.
  18. @appleblows1: big windows that are head level, how is that possible?
  19. @dheyes803: Price tag? Guaranteed $$$,$$$,$$$.$$ out of my league. 🫣
  20. @KassioComk: 😂😂😂 litle

- HondaJet Private Jet Tour - The Aviation Factory: Kind: captions Language: en hello again today I will present you the home budgets the fairy light Business Jet with a spacious interior and high flight performance let's have a look inside [Music] [Laughter] inside all my Jets you have four seats in clip configuration in some honor Jets you have a side facing seat in front of the door and this only jet you have there a galley as you can see the Honda Jazz is much longer than other small business Jets this means you have much more space in the pursuit seats you have an interior with leather seats and all gadgets you need for example a foldable table that you can use very easily and in the back of the Honda Jets you have a toilet that you can use during your flights foreign as you can see the engines are on top of the Wings with the Honda Jets this makes you don't lose space inside the cabin because of the engines but it also is much more fuel efficient during your flights you also have less vibration and less noise so it makes it much more pleasant foreign where you can store enough luggage for all the passengers on board thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @kunal-ko [7 likes]: For a plane that size to have a washroom is crazy
  2. @Rainy_Day12234 [3 likes]: The reliable minivan of personal jets.
  3. @Re-Do73 [3 likes]: This is a private plane, but the seat size is economy class for 4 people. How many kg of luggage can I bring in the cabin? It would be a waste to hire a driver, so I will have to drive for a while when I go to the mart.
  4. @Goraadmi90905 [1 likes]: No bathroom?
  5. @daddyrasheem [1 likes]: If honda wanna give me one , I will take it
  6. @nitto420s [1 likes]: I thought your company's goal is to be 100% transparent why don't you talk about the bad parts? talk about the cons like the fact that you can't stop on the runway if it's raining the brakes are horrible. Talk about the runway Excursion problems talk about the nose gear failures
  7. @lavitabella9069: She south African 🛫
  8. @daviddellit8344: Stunning. Thank you.
  9. @MrButterstein: da fehlt noch so einiges...
  10. @mpendulombhele316: One day🙏🇿🇦
  11. @totally-r9g: HondaJet Private Jet Tour - The Aviation Factory
  12. @sarasperikavin5555: I seen this video on 15/07/2025.

According to this date, these jet price is 43 Cr INR approximately.
  13. @CryptocurrencyInsider: I’ll buy this for my wifey.
  14. @AjitMD: The only reason to get a private jet or even use one is for urgent biz.  Part 91 or Part 135 jets are mostly old.  Many are not safe.  Buying a new jet is expensive, expensive maintenance, money pit.  Fly hi quality commercial.
  15. @EditionGamer: Can it have 6 seats?
  16. @BryanDeLaTorre-v7y: Dont teally like engine on wing. Maybe on back side of the plane.  💯👍🏻
  17. @loicperrinntsafacklekane4039: Prise ?? 1 000 000 euros !!
  18. @JenniferThomas-z7l: Moore Eric Anderson Maria Thompson Jessica
  19. @RodCalidge: And totally good for the environment. Right?
  20. @moscomau: Teuge?

- Inside The $12 Million HondaJet Echelon: Kind: captions Language: en imagine stepping into an aircraft that looks like it's Fallen straight out of a science fiction movie but performs with the Precision of a Swiss watch that's the Honda Jet Echelon a $1 million statement of engineering Brilliance that turns heads wherever it lands cabin when we talk about the Honda Jet echelon's cabin we're not just discussing a space we're exploring a meticulously designed environment that redefines what's possible in private Aviation every sare in has been carefully considered engineered and crafted to provide an unparalleled experience let's break down the dimensions 24 ft in length gives you ample room to move work and relax the 6'2 in width might sound modest but in the world of private jets this translates to surprising spaciousness the 5'5 in height means most passengers can stand comfortably eliminating That Awkward hunched over feeling common in smaller Jets the seating is where the echelon truly shines these aren't just seats they're custom-designed hands stitched leather Thrones that could make first class airline seats feel like economy imagine sinking into a chair that knows exactly how to support your body each seat is a Marvel of ergonomic engineering featuring multiple adjustment points that let you find your perfect position in seconds want heating it's there need a massage to work out those pre pre-flight tensions consider it done the seats can rotate and align with such smooth Precision that you'll feel like you're in a high-end transforming robot not an aircraft one moment you're in a boardroom configuration the next you're lounging in a setup that would make a five-star hotel jealous the technological ecosystem of this cabin is something straight out of a futuristic dream high-speed satellite internet that laughs in the space of groundbased networks we're talking download speeds that would make most home internet connections look like ancient technology imagine hosting a video conference streaming a movie and downloading massive work files all while cruising at 35,000 ft climate control more like climate Perfection the cabin can maintain different temperatures in different zones the forward section might be a crisp 68° while the rear could be a more relaxed 72 it's like having multiple climate zones in a space no larger than a small apartment cockpit the cockpit of the Honda Jet Echelon represents a Quantum Leap in aviation technology far beyond anything most Pilots have experienced in their careers this is Mission Control meets science fiction a space where human expertise and computational intelligence merge into a single breathtaking system of aerial navigation imagine a cockpit that feels more like the bridge of a Starship than a traditional aircraft control room the Garmin G 3000 avionic Suite dominates the space with three massive 20-in displays that pulse with realtime information each screen a window into the aircraft's most intricate systems these aren't just screens they're portals of information providing Pilots with more data than entire air traffic control centers possessed just two decades ago the synthetic Vision systems represent nothing short of technological sorcery Pilots essentially gain x-ray vision through clouds darkness and the most challenging weather conditions imaginable Advanced terrain mapping creates a three-dimensional view of the surrounding landscape allowing for unprecedented situational awareness storm cells can be identified tracked and navigated around with a Precision that would have been considered impossible just a few years ago those Sid stick controllers are revolutionary gone are the bulky mechanical yolks of traditional aircraft these compact ergonomically designed interfaces provide unprecedented control with minimal physical effort it's like the difference between driving an old truck with manual steering and a modern sports car with electronic Precision thousands of micro adjustments happen every second creating a flying experience that feels more like a conversation with the aircraft than a battle for control the automated systems trans form the cockpit into an intelligent ecosystem we're talking about far more than basic autopilot this is a comprehensive management system that continuously monitors every conceivable aspect of flight performance predictive maintenance algorithms can identify potential issues before they become problems emergency procedure assists stand ready to support pilots in the most challenging situations providing real-time guidance and computational support that acts almost like a superhuman co-pilot performance the Honda Jet Echelon doesn't just fly it revolutionizes the very concept of aerial Transportation those unique over-the-wing engines are more than a design curiosity they represent a fundamental reimagining of jet propulsion technology the General Electric Honda HF 120 turbofan engines mounted above the wings are engineering poetry in motion they're not just engines they're a testament to what happens when aerospace engineering meets Relentless Innovation by positioning the engines above the wings Honda has achieved something most manufacturers said was impossible dramatically reduced cabin noise increased fuel efficiency and a radical reduction in overall aerodynamic drag performance numbers tell a story of extraordinary capability a top speed of 422 mph transforms CrossCountry tra travel from a dayong ordeal to a mere few hour Journey the 1,638 nautical mile range means you can Traverse entire continents without breaking a sweat from New York to Las Vegas with fuel to spare or a direct flight from Los Angeles to Hawaii this is mobility re-imagined the wing design itself is a masterpiece of aerodynamic engineering constructed from Advanced carbon fiber composits These Wings are lighter and stronger than traditional metal designs the laminer flow wi technology reduces turbulence in ways that transform the flying experience passengers might barely notice their moving despite hurdling through the sky at incredible speeds fuel efficiency tells another remarkable story burning approximately 50 gallons per hour at typical cruising speeds the echelon makes other business jets look like fuel guzzling relics this isn't just an aircraft it's a statement about the future of efficient responsible aerial Transportation costs $12 million for most it's an incomprehensible number that represents nothing more than an abstract concept of wealth but in the world of private Aviation it's the price of ultimate Mobility efficiency and Freedom the financial ecosystem surrounding the Honda Jet Echelon is as complex and sophisticated as the aircraft craft itself the $12 million purchase price is merely the entrance fee to an exclusive world of aerial Transportation annual maintenance costs can easily approach $800,000 a number that would make Most accountants break into a cold sweat but for the target market Tech entrepreneurs Global business Executives professional sports team owners this isn't an expense it's an investment in time efficiency and strategic Mobility Charter rates beginning at $55,000 per hour might seem astronomical to the average person but for those who understand the value of every minute it's practically a bargain these aren't just wealthy individuals buying a mode of transportation they're acquiring a mobile command center a strategic asset that transforms how business is conducted imagine closing International deals while crossing time zones hosting meetings at 35,000 ft or arriving get a crucial negotiation fresh and prepared having used travel time for productivity

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamiecoyne1494 [8 likes]: 5’5” is not most people.
  2. @jbevolve2026 [6 likes]: It's only 5 feet 5 inches in the cabin...yeah not worth the money.
  3. @parietal100 [3 likes]: Does it have a bathroom?
  4. @St.ChristopherMichael [2 likes]: Inside The $12 Million HondaJet Echelon
my operating cost. 
get it.
  5. @johnreno8909 [2 likes]: process is is s slow that this great jet finally will be available for buyers to purchase only in year of 2029.
  6. @jamesmcn0000 [2 likes]: Hopefully it performs with the precision and quality of a Japanese watch.
  7. @Pete.Bernfeld [2 likes]: I wasn't goimg to comment, but I'm sorry this video is complete drivel. The aircraft doesn't turn heads wherever it lands because it hasn't been built yet-first flight tentatively scheduled for 2029. It wont  have side stick controllers it is planned to have traditional yokes-your commentary is total nonsense, e.g. talking about side stick controllers whilst showing traditional yokes. 5'5" headroom in the cabin means that most passengers will in fact have to stoop when standing. The aircraft as Honda envisages it will be a remarkable step forward, but I'm afraid your channel will possibly not be around to talk about it if you continue to publish content that is complete nonsense.
  8. @grizzly3133 [2 likes]: Since when has price doubled?
  9. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [1 likes]: 1) 💸 Want To Build Your Own World Of Luxury? Go to: bit.ly/yt-automation-guide

2) ✈️ Thanks for watching! Share this video with friends, family and groups. This way, you help bring this content to everyone and drop a comment with your thoughts or suggestions. We value your input.
Thanks! 🙌✨
  10. @AndyMatrix [1 likes]: 1600nm? what a joke. waste of time and money
When someone delivery a single pilot, 4 seat, 3850nm at $12million we can talk!
  11. @The-Faithful-and-True [1 likes]: I will be traveling alone. hm.. my wife or wives are not coming with me.
hm.. I just need a small efficient and fast airplane. 
since I have to visit your royals.
  12. @VPWedding [1 likes]: It is curious that jets tell you gallons per hour, but not distance per gallon, which seems like the more important number.
  13. @madmax7622 [1 likes]: Did I miss the computer voice mentioning the seating accommodation?
  14. @matthewf2066 [1 likes]: since when is new york to LA 1638 nautical miles???  i just read its 2150.   they just lied!!!!
  15. @ColtSteel25: LAX to Honolulu is 2300 nm. How does this jet make it there flying against the pacific jet stream with a 1600ish nm range?
  16. @douglaswilliams1792: But I'm 6'2
  17. @KirkBeeThe: Cabin height is a joke! Most corporate / top end of town folk are of larger stature, both height and width. I'd certainly be feeling claustrophobic in there
  18. @frederichambrose160: The narration on this one is pretty lame.
  19. @alexclass13: Too narrow for me.
  20. @HashmatullahAtaie2023: say about Boeing 777 private jet 400 million dollar

- "Inside the Secret Factory Where Billionaire Jets Are Built 😱 | How They're Made": Kind: captions Language: en Welcome aboard, Jet Setters. Have you ever marveled at the sight of a private jet soaring through the skies with grace and opulence? Today, we're embarking on an exclusive journey behind the scenes to uncover the captivating world of private jet manufacturing. From cuttingedge technology to meticulous craftsmanship, witness the extraordinary process that brings these flying marvels to life. Buckle up as we reveal the untold stories, the innovation, and the sheer luxury that go into creating these airborne masterpieces. Get ready to experience the magic of how it's made. Private jets like never before. When it comes to creating a private jet, everything starts with a dream. A vision of luxury, speed, and comfort soaring through the clouds. In this section, we'll take you deep into the heart of the design process where imagination takes flight. Private jet design is a delicate dance between artistry and functionality. A team of skilled designers, architects, and engineers come together to brainstorm, sketch, and refine the aircraft's concept. Their goal is to craft an aerodynamic masterpiece that not only turns heads, but also maximizes performance. The exterior design is where the aircraft's personality takes shape. Every curve, line, and contour is meticulously evaluated to ensure both elegance and efficiency. Computer aided design CAD software allows designers to visualize the aircraft from all angles, ensuring every aspect is harmonious and visually striking. Step by step, the vision transitions from paper to a three-dimensional model, a miniature representation of the future private jet. This model allows the team to see how the aircraft will look in real life and make any necessary adjustments before moving on to the next phase. Meanwhile, the interior design takes on an equally vital role. Here, the focus is on creating an oasis of comfort and opulence for the jet's elite passengers. The design team works closely with clients to tailor every inch of the interior to their preferences, crafting a space that feels like a luxurious extension of their homes or offices. Materials play a crucial role in turning these concepts into reality. From lavish leathers and exotic woods to state-of-the-art composite materials, every choice is made with both aesthetics and functionality in mind. The goal is to strike the perfect balance between luxury and practicality, ensuring the aircraft is not only visually stunning, but also durable and efficient. Once the final design is approved, it's time to bring the dream to life. The chosen design is meticulously translated into engineering drawings ready to guide the manufacturing process. Every detail down to the placement of each light fixture and the stitching on the seats is documented to ensure accuracy during construction. In this intricate world of design, every stroke of the pen and every click of the mouse paves the way for the creation of a private jet that is not only a marvel of engineering, but also a true work of art. A testament to human ingenuity and the pursuit of excellence in aviation. With the design blueprint in hand, the next crucial step in crafting a private jet is selecting the finest materials and employing precision engineering to build a flying masterpiece. The materials chosen must meet the highest standards of quality, durability, and safety. Advanced composite materials like carbon fiber and titanium alloys are often preferred for their exceptional strengthtoe ratio, ensuring the aircraft remains both lightweight and robust. These cuttingedge materials not only contribute to improved fuel efficiency, but also enhance the aircraft's overall performance and longevity. Meticulous precision is the cornerstone of private jet manufacturing. The construction process involves an intricate series of steps where skilled technicians and engineers work in perfect harmony to piece together each component of the aircraft. From the fuselage to the wings, every part is meticulously crafted, measured, and fitted with utmost care. Computer numerical control CNC machines play a vital role in achieving this level of precision. These high-tech devices use computer programming to precisely shape and cut the materials, ensuring a seamless and exact fit during assembly. The smallest discrepancy can have a significant impact on the aircraft's performance, making precision engineering an absolute necessity. Throughout the manufacturing process, rigorous quality control checks are conducted at every stage. These include non-destructive testing, stress analysis, and thorough inspections to guarantee the structural integrity and safety of the aircraft. As the various components come together, it becomes evident that the aircraft is more than just a sum of its parts. It is a harmonious fusion of advanced materials and precision engineering. A flying work of art that represents the pinnacle of human achievement in aviation. The assembly process is a symphony of collaboration and precision with each member of the skilled team playing their part. It all begins with the fuselage, the aircraft's backbone. Using cuttingedge manufacturing techniques, the fuselage is meticulously formed and joined together, creating the foundation for the rest of the aircraft. Next, the wings gracefully come into position. These vital components are carefully integrated, their aerodynamic design contributing to the jet's effortless flight. The team ensures that every wing is aligned precisely, guaranteeing optimal stability and lift during takeoff and landing. As the assembly line progresses, the aircraft's interior starts to come alive. Lavish furnishings, state-of-the-art avionics, and luxurious amenities are meticulously installed. Technicians pay unwavering attention to every detail, ensuring that the interior is a harmonious blend of sophistication and comfort. Wiring and systems integration are crucial to the jet's functionality. A network of cables and advanced electronic systems is skillfully woven throughout the aircraft. This intricate web connects everything from lighting and entertainment to navigation and safety systems, creating a seamless experience for its passengers. Finally, the engines are positioned with utmost care, the heart of the aircraft that will power it to new heights. Skilled technicians conduct rigorous testing to ensure the engines are functioning flawlessly and delivering the required performance. Before a private jet is cleared for takeoff, it underos an exhaustive fine-tuning process to ensure it operates with impeccable precision. From wind tunnel tests to comprehensive safety evaluations, this phase leaves no room for compromise. Engineers analyze every aspect of the jet's performance, making adjustments to optimize aerodynamics, fuel efficiency, and handling. The aircraft is put through its paces, simulating various flight conditions to guarantee it can handle any challenge with grace and ease. Only when the jet passes every test with flying colors is it deemed ready to take to the skies, ushering in a new era of luxury air travel. In the world of private jets, no two aircraft are alike. And this is where the magic of customization and luxury truly shines. Clients with discerning tastes are presented with a wide array of options to tailor their flying experience to perfection. From the moment a client steps into the design studio, their desires and preferences become the focal point. Interior designers collaborate closely, curating a bespoke environment that reflects the client's unique style. Lavish fabrics, sumptuous leathers, and exquisite finishes come together to create an ambiance of opulence and comfort. Cuttingedge technology is seamlessly integrated with state-of-the-art entertainment systems, business amenities, and advanced controls at the client's fingertips. Every detail, from personalized lighting schemes to bespoke cabinetry, is crafted to elevate the private jet to the pinnacle of luxury. This level of customization ensures that each flight becomes a singular experience tailored exclusively to the client's tastes and requirements. A testament to the unwavering commitment of private jet manufacturers to provide the ultimate in opulence and personalized travel. As the final touches are placed and the last inspections are completed, the private jet stands ready for its grand moment, takeoff into the boundless sky. The culmination of innovation, precision, and luxury. The aircraft now exudes an aura of sophistication and grace. The anticipation builds as the flight crew prepares for departure, checking every system with meticulous attention. The engines hum to life, their powerful turbines exuding confidence. Passengers step aboard, greeted by the epitome of comfort and opulence. With a gentle roar, the private jet taxis toward the runway, awaiting clearance for liftoff. As it ascends, a new chapter in luxurious air travel begins, carrying dreams and ambitions high above the clouds. And there you have it, the captivating journey into the world of how it's made. Private jets. From the initial spark of imagination to the meticulous precision of assembly, we've witnessed the birth of a soaring masterpiece. The combination of cuttingedge materials, unrivaled craftsmanship, and personalized luxury showcases the true artistry of private jet manufacturing. As these flying marvels take to the skies, they carry with them the dreams and aspirations of those who seek the pinnacle of comfort and speed. We hope this behindthe-scenes adventure has given you a newfound appreciation for the remarkable ingenuity that fuels the world of private aviation. Until next time, safe travels and blue skies ahead.

- Inside The Honda Jet 2600 Concept | Longest Range Business Jet: Kind: captions Language: en Honda Aircraft Company recently unveiled its Honda Jet 2600 concept Business Jet at a special event the company hosted at NBAA business Aviation convention and exhibition in Las Vegas Nevada the company displayed a mockup of the concept at the event to collect customer feedback and validate market demand with a maximum Cruise speed 450 knots at a maximum ceiling height of 47,000 ft it will be the world's first lightjet capable of non-stop transcontinental flights across the US welcome to Kings of luxury today we will cover the new Honda Jet 2600 concept how good is this new jet make sure to watch till the end to find out what can Honda Jet 2600 concept boast regarding performance it has a takeoff distance of 3,300 ft with a landing distance of 2500 ft on the outside the jet is 57.79 Ft long 15.86 ft high and holds a 56.72 ft wingspan it also boasts a spacious cabin suited for Long Range travel seating up to 11 occupants it features generous leg room the tallest cabin height of 5.21 ft and a class leading cabin altitude of 6,363 Ft in general the cabin provides relaxing accommodation with ample luggage space for long Journeys while achieving pess fuel efficiency it is 25.3 Ft long and 5.08 ft wide you will have enough space for your luggage with a combined storage of 120 cubic feet you can modify the aircraft as you want with a customizable cabin designed for multiple customer use multiple configurations characterize your way of travel including a dual Club executive and divon all ergonomically designed for each specific purpose the concept inherits Honda aircraft's aeronautical breakthroughs including the over-the-wing engine mount configuration natural laminer flow technology on wings fuselage nose and carbon composite fuselage the main advantage of the jet is undoubtedly the range of 2,625 nautical miles it can cover the company says the aircraft is also the first transcontinental jet designed for single pilot operation an intuitive high-tech interface is designed to reduce pilot workload for maximum operational safety the new jet will also dramatically reduce carbon emissions with up to 20% better fuel efficiency than typical light Jets also it is over 40% more fuel efficient than a midsize jet during a routine Mission the design of the Honda Jet 2600 concept incorporates more electrification and automation of systems it Ena a several category leading Technologies to augment pilot capabilities lower workload and enhance safety shortly put it includes Auto Throttle auto Brak Advanced steering augmentation system and Runway overrun awareness and alerting system moreover several systems on board have Incorporated increased electrical architecture allowing for more precise control and enhanced aircraft integration these design enhancements also simplify the methods leading to the lighter weight increased reliability and easier maintainability over the life of the aircraft with the new Honda Jet 2600 concept we enable efficient transcontinental flight offering a new level of cabin comfort and capacity by dramatically reducing CO2 emissions Honda introduces a new generation of business Jets so what do you think is the new Honda Jet 2600 concept worth following when do you think Honda will produce the first jet of this type share your opinion in the comment section don't forget to like share and subscribe so you don't miss an upload and you can enjoy the excellent content we send your way

  Top Comments:
  1. @kngsofluxury: What do you think?
  2. @MISTERLeSkid: I've been interested in the Honda jet since it was first announced. The figures and fuel economy are impressive but it does lack the sex appeal of more traditional business jets. The people who can afford business jets probably don't care if it costs and extra thousand or two in fuel per trip.
  3. @mainer1755: Love the Garmin panel, and the safety upgrades. Also the efficiency. But there is no free lunch. That is a narrow tube, and larger customers will be less comfortable. I agree with the tradeoff for the efficiency, but this is an unusual choice in an aircraft with such long legs.

- Beginners guide to the Beech King Air 350i in Microsoft Flight Simulator: Kind: captions Language: en okay so today we're going to look at the king air 350i in microsoft flight simulator as you can see straight away it's a twin it's got two engines two turboprop engines and it's one of the more complicated aircraft to operate so if we go and look inside you'll see why there's an awful lot of switches and things and there's a lot overhead as well we're not going to worry too much though because a lot of it isn't inoperable in the stock version this is the stock version that comes with flight simulator but we're going to have a basic look through how to get the aircraft up in the air go fly a circuit see how it behaves and then bring it back so we're at santa barbara as you can see it's a beautiful looking aircraft is very shiny so yeah we'll get it up and running and we'll see how we do that so we'll remove the yoke just so we can see what we're doing here so first things first we're going to turn on the batteries over here and turn on the generators turn on the avionics master power switch which powers up the center thing here uh auto we arm the um ignition we then start the engines essentially and you will hear them fire up and you will hear a warning over here now by default when you get into the aircraft the condition the fuel condition is halfway for both engines which effect essentially gives us some fuel to stop the buzzing we need to increase the throttles to idle which we're just doing you'll notice that warning has gone away now so now it's just warning us about the pitot heat and the ignition switches so it's because the ignition is on so pitot so while we're waiting for the engines to spool up we can go and turn on some lights so we'll have the nav lights on the recognition lights on the beacon lights and the strobe lights and we're just waiting for the engines to come up to speed just give it a few seconds so we can turn the starters off now and the warnings have now gone away okay so we have the aircraft running you'll notice now if we pull the throttles all the way back we get the warning again if we increase them the warnings will go away so turbo props do not like to have the throttles pulled completely back to idle there's to take away from that not well on the ground anyway okay so let's explain some of these levers so these two two levers are the throttles obviously because you can see the tooltip telling you that this is the prop condition so that's the how much the prop is attacking the air in front of it now i've got that mapped to a button so i can do it without looking without looking down so we can move that all the way forwards and you can hear the roar of the air coming past the blades now so we can also pull the engine back a little bit now yep so without the propellers forcing air into the engine we were getting warnings hopefully that makes a little bit of sense okay so fuel condition we can push that all the way forwards for both engines and you can hear a change in tone again of the power increasing okay so we're now going to come off the wheel break or the parking brake i should say so the parking brake is a little plunger down here we can put the yoke back on and we can go for a fly so we'll turn left here so we're rolling so the takeaway there to get the engine started is you've got to arm the ignition system then fire the starters once the engines are running you can switch the starters back off you also need positive pitch to force the air pressure into the engines otherwise you get warnings so let's get the view centered up we can press space to sit up in our seat so we can see where we're texting and we're going to lower the flaps if we go and have a look at the flap setting down here i need to look where i'm going really don't i but when i'm moving the flaps you will see this lever is moving through several positions so i'm going to go for one setting of flap to take off so we're going to turn we're at santa barbara airport by the way i'm going to tilt the camera slightly down so you can see the numbers on the head-up display as we take off so coming around onto runway 25 okay full throttle giving it a boot full of right rudder to hold the center line to begin with because you've got two engines to fight against remember with the torque it picks up speed incredibly quickly because remember we have the both engines or both propellers biting into the air and we rotate at about 90. it's a big heavy plane you have to remember that gear up we can retract the gear on this aircraft it's very slippery through the air therefore it's very fast flaps up [Music] having quite a lot of elevator feeding in to hold the nose up until the speed increases even further so this plane can travel at well over 200 miles an hour okay so we are going to turn around to 70 degrees so let's begin our turn we'll bring the engines back to 75 and just looking down here we're going to feed back the propeller pitch similarly to about 75 percent continuing our turn about a thousand feet we'll climb to about 1500 feet on the downwind leg of our a little circuit here even with the throttle and the pitch pulled back like it's still wanting to accelerate it's a very very fast slippery aircraft it's a bit of a different beast to some of the others because it's obviously got this electronic cockpit so we're going to feed in some elevator trim just to level the same name so you can see quite happily cruise at 200 knots we're not at full throttle we're not at maximum pitch on the propeller okay so let's have a look outside just flying down wind of the runway come back in a moment it's very very docile to fly you can see how stable it is your biggest problem to be honest is slowing down because it's because it's so sleek and also there's a bit of a bug in flight sim they've addressed it to an extent you should be able to feather the propellers on these big turbo props and use them as air brakes which is what the you know the real pilots do but it's not modelled or it didn't used to be modeled we'll find out at the moment if it's modeled well these days so we're just flying away we're going to turn back now and come back towards the airfield so we're going to start slowing now notice if i pull the throttles all the way back we get a warning about the landing gear again it's the whole thing turboprops don't like to run on idle power so we're descending slowly and turning back towards the wrong way so you have to be mindful of your altitude and your speed knowing that you're not going to find it easy to lose speed okay so we've overshot the turn slightly again because as i mentioned we're fast landing here okay so let's look out over the nose and we're within range of the flaps now so then come the flaps again it wants the gear down as well so then comes the gear and you can hear the incr the extra air pressure so again we get the mouse out of the way we're slowly going to bleed off speed we'll feed in a little bit of power we can sit up in the cockpit and look down at the instruments it's very stable very placid so the speed is slowly bleeding off we want to stay about 90 knots 500. just coming gently in giving a little bit of back pressure to keep the nose balanced and just let it fall gently onto the runway and flare it in and we're done and then we have reverse pitch on the propellers which we can use to slow down in a hurry if we need to so i've just engaged that to show you it and added with the wheel brakes we can stop remarkably quickly if we choose to so then we roll off the runway lift the flaps as we do so and we can taxi back so that's the the king air in microsoft flight simulator it's a twin turbo prop there's a lot to more to it than i have shown you but hopefully this flight has been a good taster to take it in the air take it for a fly and go and explore the biggest difference you're going to find is the systems it's a touch screen so the one tip i would give you that could take you an awful long time to find out is you'll find you'll be wanting to change things like the cdi mode or the navigation flight plan there is a menu button on this central console most of it's inoperable but the menu button works when you press it you get all of your options yeah for programming flights again like i said it's a touch screen so you can do all kinds of things with it we can go back to a full screen we can go and program the com radios for example it's it's very very cool yeah get how that works okay i'm not going to get into it today so there you go obviously shutting the plane down is just the reverse of what we did to power it up you would go and restrict the fuel to the engines to run them out of fuel and obviously switch off the ignition disarm the igniters and then you're away okay so i'm going to leave it there so go and have a play with the king air it's great fun it's very smooth playing to fly and the master control panel for the autopilot works almost the same as everything else so all the familiar options are here to do with controlling the you know the uh altitude hole nav mode approach mode everything else is all there the altitude you know flying to a target altitude at a vertical speed it all works the same as the g1000 almost so there you go that's in microsoft flight simulator and i will stop recording there

  Top Comments:
  1. @javierf55 [1 likes]: The start-up procedure is totally wrong....
But the video is great.
  2. @Bus1n3ssL3ADER [1 likes]: Beginners guide with no values. 
"We're within range for the flaps..." - no max flap speed mentioned.
No mention of approach speeds, typical deceleration rate in level flight when idling...
  3. @Gnato666 [1 likes]: Low idle on ground. High just before take off.
  4. @danilozanella9492: Non so perché non riesco ad impostare il pulsante NAV, si quello HDG
  5. @cardcounter21: Fight torque! I thought twin props cancelled torque out?
  6. @ZsomborH.: 0:54 startup
  7. @TheNazMo: How do you view engine parameters?
  8. @nicoblunck9803: Any idea why it loses toque and randomly crashes out of the sky in autopilot when using sim rate ? 😅
  9. @MitchellThatGuy: Thank you for this! I couldn’t figure out where the air craft starting controls were, but you fixed that! Thank you!
  10. @CA_Jaime: Theres a G1000 mod that I really like for this. Wanted to step up from a 208B but didn't like the default avionics until I installed the G1000 mod. Now, this plane is so much fun to fly around and use in OnAir Company.
  11. @criscusack: Thanks so much for this video, Jonathan! Great intro to this plane, can't wait to try it!
  12. @flyer7690: Hi...please anyone can tell me how to tune ADF frequency in this airplane ??? Thanks
  13. @rogertremlett7416: thank you Jonathan! I shall now try t! It did look daunting
  14. @KristianMartin-o8w: One of my favorite aircraft in the game so far. Though i do have trouble with the avionics shutting off on me or not even coming on. Any ideas? Xbox One S user. Thanks.
  15. @colinfitzgerald4332: I am using the HC Bravo throttle.  I can only run up the engines to 75% power.  If apply a higher power setting the engines cut back to idle.  Very strange.  Anyone suggest a fix?  Thanks.
  16. @cappc12: 90kts on final??
  17. @thetransportlad350: Will this plane be in MSFS 2024?
  18. @DrunkenGing: My engine condition lever moves by itself when I add or decrease power, how can I fix it pls ? 😢
  19. @cw7784: I love you can remove the yoke wish they would add remove the seat option too
  20. @dylanplumley280: If I ever have the opportunity to buy a private aircraft I would choose a turboprop over a light jet. But that's a big IF.  I still have to get a pilots license and that is years away.

- Tour of NOAA King Air aircraft: Kind: captions Language: en Good afternoon everyone, my name is Lieutenant&nbsp; Rick DeTriquet with the NOAA Commissioned&nbsp;&nbsp; Officer Corps. I'm an aircraft commander and&nbsp; instructor pilot on the NOAA King Air which is&nbsp;&nbsp; right behind us right now. It's a 350 CER&nbsp; variant so it has the cargo door addition&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as the extended range tanks&nbsp; for our missions. We'll do a little&nbsp;&nbsp; brief overview of the plane. It has two Pratt and&nbsp; Whitney PT 6-60 alpha engines. They produce 1050&nbsp;&nbsp; shaft horsepower each and four bladed props along&nbsp; with the again the extended range tanks which&nbsp;&nbsp; gives us about 5,200 pounds of fuel that can&nbsp; give us seven to eight hours of survey time. Fully pressurized retractable tricycle landing&nbsp; gear has a beefed up landing gear for the heavier&nbsp;&nbsp; weights. We typically take off in the 15 to 16,000&nbsp; pound range our max takeoff weight being 16,454&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds. Like I said we can take quite a bit&nbsp; of fuel. There's actually six different fuel&nbsp;&nbsp; tanks on the plane, the outboard main tanks,&nbsp; the inboard auxiliary tanks, and then the&nbsp;&nbsp; extended range tanks which if any of you are&nbsp; familiar with King Airs sitting in the back of&nbsp;&nbsp; the cell there so we can't carry any golf clubs.&nbsp; Basically that's all taken out by fuel now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some other cool things about the King&nbsp; Air are the winglets on the outside&nbsp;&nbsp; for aerodynamic purposes, there's also,&nbsp; it's a very low wing a pretty slim design. And like I mentioned it is the cargo&nbsp; variant, so we have a large cargo door&nbsp;&nbsp; and that just helps unloading and loading and&nbsp; setting up the mission equipment in the back.&nbsp;&nbsp; It also has a normal air stair door for normal&nbsp; ingress and egress but the cargo door is super&nbsp;&nbsp; super helpful during uh during a mission&nbsp; outfitting as well. Typical crew for us&nbsp;&nbsp; is two pilots up front we run an aircraft&nbsp; commander and a co-pilot or pilot monitoring&nbsp;&nbsp; and in the back we run either one or two survey&nbsp; operators. They're primarily responsible for&nbsp;&nbsp; starting the mission equipment starting the&nbsp; cameras going looking at our the quality of&nbsp;&nbsp; our photos as well as the tasking at hand for&nbsp; the day. So they are instrumental and we'll fly&nbsp;&nbsp; with either one or two of them in the back and&nbsp; depending on the mission we'll also fly with&nbsp;&nbsp; another survey operator on the ground to&nbsp; help speed up that data processing so we&nbsp;&nbsp; can get it get it out as quick as possible&nbsp; so typical complements three to four people and two cameras in the back. This is our&nbsp; typical setup for our coastal mapping and&nbsp;&nbsp; emergency response mission. They're fully gimbaled&nbsp; set up with camera ports with retractable fog&nbsp;&nbsp; doors as well as optical grade glass that&nbsp; allows us to to fly pressurized as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; The forward camera is an oblique camera so there&nbsp; they can shoot out the port and starboard sides&nbsp;&nbsp; and the aft camera has a&nbsp; nadir camera so it shoots,&nbsp;&nbsp; captures photos straight down. Now we can run&nbsp; them simultaneously, or one at a time. So in&nbsp;&nbsp; typical emergency response fashion we'll fly with&nbsp; both cameras firing shooting on both sides and&nbsp;&nbsp; straight down getting a triple wide swath which&nbsp; is pretty efficient and allows us to collect&nbsp;&nbsp; a ton of photos even with just a single&nbsp; pass. As you can see we we've done that&nbsp;&nbsp; uh several different hurricanes and also with&nbsp; the most recent tornadoes in Nashville as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; but we'll talk a little bit more about the&nbsp; mission. Typical flight profiles for us are&nbsp;&nbsp; 1500 feet to 10,500 feet depending on the&nbsp; mission. Whether it's coastal mapping,&nbsp;&nbsp; normal coastal erosion assessment, we'll typically&nbsp; fly up higher better image quality we can the&nbsp;&nbsp; higher we go we can get a little bit better image&nbsp; quality. But if it's an emergency response mission&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll fly as low as 1500 feet just to get below&nbsp; the clouds and be able to get those clear photos.&nbsp;&nbsp; In those cases it's essential to fly as slow&nbsp; as we can. Our typical survey speeds are 170&nbsp;&nbsp; knots is the sweet spot, but as we get into&nbsp; those lower altitudes we'll try to slow down&nbsp;&nbsp; as much as possible. and our minimum indicated&nbsp; speeds are typically 135 knots at that altitude.&nbsp;&nbsp; Otherwise we can pick a survey altitude in between&nbsp; those and the sweet spot again is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; 170 knots. We can capture different ports of&nbsp; interest, different neighborhoods of interest,&nbsp;&nbsp; different coastlines, and we can really&nbsp; zoom or focus in on areas of damage.&nbsp;&nbsp; Our primary emergency response mission is to&nbsp; be the first responders after a storm comes by&nbsp;&nbsp; and fly straight to the area of max damage and&nbsp; survey as many many passes as we can. Weather&nbsp;&nbsp; limiting, fuel limiting, traffic limiting, we'll&nbsp; capture photos for five six sometimes seven hours.&nbsp;&nbsp; And as soon as we land the survey operator is&nbsp; passing that that on to a ground support personnel&nbsp;&nbsp; and that data those photos are passed up to the&nbsp; RSD - remote sensing division - where it can be&nbsp;&nbsp; utilized by all of our different stakeholders&nbsp; for emergency response on scene or further on&nbsp;&nbsp; support work down the road as as that damage of&nbsp; the hurricane progresses. You can see our two&nbsp;&nbsp; cameras here they're both the Applanix cameras&nbsp; and they are our typical outfit for the mission. I've been in NOAA for eight years with&nbsp; the NOAA Commissioned Officer Corps.&nbsp;&nbsp; I went to a ship for two years, the NOAA&nbsp; Ship Nancy Foster, and I had a blast doing&nbsp;&nbsp; all sorts of different dive ops, small boat&nbsp; ops, survey ops. I loved it but I found out&nbsp;&nbsp; about the aviation side of NOAA and I had&nbsp; to go see what that was about. So I applied,&nbsp;&nbsp; got accepted, went to flight school, and I&nbsp; started flying the the NOAA Twin Otters which&nbsp;&nbsp; fly amazing missions fantastic missions.&nbsp; But I found out about the King Air,&nbsp;&nbsp; and as pilots do I I wanted to fly another&nbsp; plane and see what that was all about as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I've been flying the King Air for two years&nbsp; now. It is a fantastic mission combining coastal&nbsp;&nbsp; mapping, GRAV-D, and emergency response and the&nbsp; upcoming season we're also going to be flying snow&nbsp;&nbsp; survey as well. So a good mix of missions and&nbsp; a very satisfying mission when you're able to&nbsp;&nbsp; to help out get on scene after storm. Whether&nbsp; it's Hurricane Dorian or tornadoes in Nashville&nbsp;&nbsp; capture some very useful data to the protection&nbsp; of personal life and property. Thanks everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; for joining us on the tour of the NOAA King Air,&nbsp; hope you guys enjoy the rest of the tour of NOAA. Hi, I'm Lieutenant Coleen Conley from&nbsp; Ellicot City, Maryland. I commissioned&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the Naval Academy in 2009 with a degree in&nbsp; oceanography. I flew the P-3 Orion for the Navy&nbsp;&nbsp; for 10 years and transitioned to the NOAA Corps&nbsp; in October 2019. Here at NOAA I'm an aviation&nbsp;&nbsp; safety officer and I fly the Beechcraft King&nbsp; Air. Come on back, let's have a look inside So here we are in the back of the King&nbsp; Air. The first thing you're going to notice&nbsp;&nbsp; are these two big cameras right here. We have both&nbsp; an oblique and a nadir camera, which allows us to&nbsp;&nbsp; perform our primary mission sets. We take both&nbsp; pre- and post-event imagery. Pre-event imagery&nbsp;&nbsp; occurs prior to hurricane season every year. We&nbsp; fly the East Coast, the Gulf Coast, and around&nbsp;&nbsp; the U.S. territories in the Caribbean and collect&nbsp; imagery of the coastline. This imagery will serve&nbsp;&nbsp; as a baseline, or standard for comparison, in&nbsp; case a hurricane or tropical storm rolls through&nbsp;&nbsp; and then our post-event imagery, also known as&nbsp; emergency response imagery, will be collected&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we can make comparisons to see what's&nbsp; changed. This imagery is all publicly available&nbsp;&nbsp; online. That about covers our primary&nbsp; mission sets, we can head up to the cockpit.&nbsp; Welcome to the cockpit. We typically fly these&nbsp; missions with three people on board. We have&nbsp;&nbsp; a pilot in either seat up front and a sensor&nbsp; operator who's controlling the camera in the back.&nbsp;&nbsp; Factors that affect this mission are sun angle&nbsp; and tide windows. The tide windows are important&nbsp;&nbsp; because how high the water is will affect the&nbsp; imagery that we're getting along the coastline.&nbsp;&nbsp; And sun angle is important because you don't&nbsp; want long shadows cast when you're trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; collect imagery of the coastline. The left-hand&nbsp; pilot is flying off of an ipad that's showing&nbsp;&nbsp; them where to fly. So crew resource management is&nbsp; especially important here, because the right side&nbsp;&nbsp; pilot is going to be monitoring your airspace,&nbsp; your traffic, making all the radio calls,&nbsp;&nbsp; setting the nav aids that sort of thing. So you&nbsp; want to make sure everyone's working in unison to&nbsp;&nbsp; keep the aircraft safe at all times. We typically&nbsp; fly around 5500 feet, lower if needed. We can't&nbsp;&nbsp; have any clouds below us which is a pretty&nbsp; stringent requirement but makes sense because&nbsp;&nbsp; the clouds will show up in all of the imagery so&nbsp; that's often a limiting factor for us. but that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the basic gist of how we fly our coastal mapping&nbsp; missions. Thanks for joining me today for a tour&nbsp;&nbsp; of NOAA's Beechcraft King Air enjoy the rest&nbsp; of your tour of the Aircraft Operations Center This is the NOAA King Air. It&nbsp; collects pre- and post-storm imagery&nbsp;&nbsp; like this from Mexico Beach, Florida&nbsp; before and after Hurricane Michael. The United States has 95,000 miles of shoreline.&nbsp; These dynamic coastal regions are vulnerable to&nbsp;&nbsp; flooding, property destruction, and beach erosion&nbsp; from severe weather and sea level change. Coastal&nbsp;&nbsp; areas rely on accurate elevation data to plan&nbsp; and recover when hazardous situations arise.&nbsp;&nbsp; These communities depend on up-to-date information&nbsp; for their management and resiliency planning.&nbsp;&nbsp; As part of its mission, NOAA's National Geodetic&nbsp; Survey (NGS) provides an accurate consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; and current national shoreline. NGS's mean&nbsp; high water line is considered the nation's&nbsp;&nbsp; official shoreline. It is used to create and&nbsp; maintain NOAA nautical charts. These charts&nbsp;&nbsp; are used by commercial and recreational boaters to&nbsp; navigate safely and avoid potential hazards. NGS's&nbsp;&nbsp; shoreline is also a crucial source for defining&nbsp; our nation's boundaries and territorial limits. Remotely-sensed data from aircraft&nbsp; is collected to map the shoreline.&nbsp;&nbsp; The use of aircraft-based sensors, such as&nbsp; a digital camera and topobathy lidar system,&nbsp;&nbsp; allows large areas to be surveyed&nbsp; in a short amount of time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lidar, which stands for light detection and&nbsp; ranging, is a remote-sensing method that uses a&nbsp;&nbsp; laser to measure distances to a surface. NGS uses&nbsp; a unique type of sensor called topobathy lidar.&nbsp;&nbsp; It collects wide swaths of elevation data on both&nbsp; land, or topography, and in shallow water areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; or bathymetry. Bathymetric data has historically&nbsp; been difficult to acquire in these highly&nbsp;&nbsp; dynamic coastal zones. Since NOAA survey ships&nbsp; cannot travel safely close to the shoreline,&nbsp;&nbsp; NGS's topobathy lidar system uses a green laser&nbsp; that operates in a circular scan pattern to&nbsp;&nbsp; penetrate shallow water near the shore. The high&nbsp; density point data is combined with GPS and other&nbsp;&nbsp; positional data to create precise 3d topographic&nbsp; and bathymetric elevation models. NGS uses&nbsp;&nbsp; coastal elevation data to map the mean high water&nbsp; shoreline, which is a tidally referenced boundary.&nbsp;&nbsp; The shoreline is verified using aerial imagery&nbsp; that is collected along with the lidar data.&nbsp;&nbsp; Topobathy lidar data collected by NGS is&nbsp; freely available from NOAA's Digital Coast&nbsp;&nbsp; to use for applications and tools to&nbsp; support decision making in the coastal zone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Academic and research organizations use&nbsp; coastal elevation lidar data to develop&nbsp;&nbsp; ocean and coastal models. These 3d models&nbsp; help researchers understand ocean circulation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevation data is an important part of the model&nbsp; because circulation is influenced by friction,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is related to the height of the sea floor.&nbsp; Coastal engineers and scientists use elevation&nbsp;&nbsp; data to understand sediment movement, beach&nbsp; erosion, and sediment budgets. This information&nbsp;&nbsp; is used to develop management plans to restore,&nbsp; monitor, and maintain beaches in the coastal zone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevation data is also one of the most&nbsp; important parameters for modeling inundation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Topobathy lidar data is especially valuable&nbsp; due to its accuracy and its seamless transition&nbsp;&nbsp; from land to water. Coastal managers and&nbsp; decision makers use visualization tools&nbsp;&nbsp; that incorporate these elevation models to&nbsp; understand vulnerability, increase resilience,&nbsp;&nbsp; and develop hazard mitigation plans. These are&nbsp; only a few of the many ways that elevation and&nbsp;&nbsp; shoreline data are being used to help keep&nbsp; coastal communities safe and resilient. NOAA&nbsp;&nbsp; topobathy lidar data is a critical component for&nbsp; meeting the challenges of an uncertain future.

- King Air C90 - The BEST Airplane for Families: Kind: captions Language: en hi there my name is Michael Daly this is my king air C90 1977 model the mighty beachcraft king air first flew in 1964 the model C90 introduced in 1971 the new variant had a longer wingspan higher maximum takeoff waste and brand new engines this airplane boasts over 4,000 lb of useful load and a 260 knot cruise let's go learn more from Michael I grew up my dad had a Cherokee 180 we went all around the country uh just to Grandma's house to business trips and I had two other siblings and So a family of five and a Cherokee 180 was uh was an adventure I wasn't crazy about flying at that point until uh I became a teenager and I decided to start training in 1996 then I got busy with with family and work and you know got married had kids and didn't really have a timer money for it until uh about 2015 I decided to pick up a hobby and decided to buy a bonanza which was a b36 TC which was a great airplane it it that's the extended wing airplane it's turbocharged from the factory cruises about 180 knots but it wasn't ficky and it wasn't uh pressurized so I my main mission was to go skiing I love going skiing and Veil and tell your ride and so that's what I did with my airplan I would go to tell and Veil and and then also business trips I ended up getting to Malibu in 2018 and it was great when my kids were small so with a 1250 lb useful load I could put them all in there and get enough fuel also in there to go you know 800 nautical miles no problem which was my typical Mission as my kids got older our our weight as a family was approaching 900 to 1,000 PB with baggage and in the Malibu they just didn't cut it so that's when I decided to go with the C90 4,000 lbs of useful load because of the uh upgraded engines I got the Blackhawk engines which same horsepower but you get that horsepower up a lot higher it also gives me an increased cruise over the standard model cuz this being a 1977 it would have came with the- 21 engines which again same horsepower but um you you only carry that horsep power up to you know like 10,000 ft and so this will carry that same horsepower all the way up to uh I typically cruise at 22 or 23 you know flight level 230 I would go higher but being an older model the pressurization is about 4.8 PSI which at 23,000 ft that gives me about a a 9,000 ft cabin so with the upgraded engines it gets me uh instead of the typical Cruise speed for this airplane Lane of 215 knots I'm really going about 260 with these upgraded engines so that was a key thing that I was looking for um to get the Blackhawk engines well they they say it's a 25 cubed um so a flat level 250 I I get 250 knots burning 250 lbs per engine if I go down to about 22,000 then I'm going to be getting about 260 knots but I'm going to be burning about 270 lb per engine so that that equates to about 60 5 to 70 gallons this airplane um it's no problem to descend at 2,000 ft a minute you know that's not really good planning either um but, 1500 ft is is totally fine so that's really easy and you don't really notice the two engines you know it's just you know you're you're controlling both of the throttles with with one hand so it it feels like one engine now you you need to always go through that extra training uh to uh be prepared for losing an engine and what that involv but other than that it's it's just a real Comfort to have that extra engine in Insurance required me to have uh 25 hours of duel and then a uh c a certified course I went with executive um down in the Austin area which I really like them their price point is great and they're flexible it really wasn't complicated at all really the Mal the step up to the Malibu required the same thing I also had to have 25 hours of duel and like I said the airplane's easier to fly I feeli than the Malibu the maintenance cost is uh I would say it's about four times as much you know and then of course you got higher Insurance higher hanger here at Alliance uh so the cost is is a big factor yeah it has full you know di capability um I think far better than the Malibu as far as its ability to handle ice you see the DI ice boots it's got uh boots around the intakes it's got two two uh heated windshields I've had it a year and a half and I go all over the country I I put on about 250 hours a year and I've never even had enough ice to to pop off I don't think you run into it a whole lot on the southern half of the US but it it handles it very well you know cuz it's got a lot of Excess power with the with the two engines once you get over that 100 hour mark it definitely becomes cost effective to own your own airplane my original plan in 20 15 when I started my training was just ran an airplane but then I realized it wasn't like it used to be in the 80s and the 90s where you could go anywhere and rent a six-seater I realized quickly I had to buy my own airplane which was you know I didn't really want to have that commitment but once I did it actually added the joy to Flying you know several orders of magnitude I don't know why it just it just does and I've talked to other pilots who feel the same way once you have that ownership it increases your joy of flying ready to go fly this thing yes sir all right let's do it all right we'll start with the left engine today all right I keep my finger on the RPM like Tom Clement told me to do in the king airbook and we've got 18% that's all we're going to get so we'll go to high idle I hear a light now put my finger on the it make sure we don't go over the dotted Red Line there we go perfect I hear you loud and clear well I got you loud and clear and my dad has a 182 and every time he gets in this airplane he's like wow I can't believe we're there already and a 182 isn't even that slow airport is whiskey 2153 Zulu wi 32015 visibility 1 Z ceiling 4700 broken Alliance ground King Air 291 Charlie Charlie ready for T Taxi with whiskey in front of the alliance aviation center VFR departure to the north number 29er one Charlie Charlie L my 34 right tax Alpha 34 right VI Alpha One Charlie Charlie Alliance Tower King Air 291 Charlie Charlie is ready for takeoff holding short 34 right whiches look good 291 3 right clear for take off Direction departure three for right clear for takeoff just uh VFR departure to the north going to Gainesville to get fuel can one char Charlie Roger Northbound depart copy that one Charlie Charlie the shortest Runway I've been into was teoma which was 2900 ft not bad all right we've got full power 1520 lbs of torque engine instruments look good normally rotate at 95 sometimes it goes so fast I don't even notice yeah she accelerated really quick didn't really take up any Runway at [Music] all it climbs so fast I got to be careful when take off to the north here because we've got that 3,000 ft shelf uhhuh it's a challenge to keep it under when you're first new to it but once you get used to it you just know like right now I'm going to pull back power to 1100 lb it's much more manageable then and that's exactly why a high performance airplane requires an endorsement though because things do happen so much faster your one Charlie Charlie that traffic is uh to your right passing below you at 2002 exchange safe FL all right we got them in sight frequency change Pro one Charlie Charlie good day so I'm assuming other than just like little pops around for fuel you probably don't fly this thing around at this kind of altitude very often huh well I usually go flying every weekend okay um just to fly stay proficient and often times I go with my Dad one of these is it the oh one of these guys y I think it makes you much more proficient in actual IMC so that's yeah I do that probably every other week and I'll come to an approach all right let's listen to weather 18375 wind 3 1 0 at 1 3 gust 1 6 visibility 1 0 clear below 1 2,000 one thing about this airplane is you got to at least my my particular airplane I got to constantly trim it the rudder back the first time I took off in this airplane from Alliance during my training it I was like what's going on here this feels so unstable there's something wrong and he didn't you know think to look at the rudder and I didn't I mean in my Malibu and Bonanza I mean I never thought about that much on takeoff um I it was after takeoff and we had leveled out and it was way off and so that's just something you always got to do on this airplane yeah especially when it's a new airplane I'm sure that's not where you're immediately going you're just like oh this thing flies funny I should have should have looked at it before then but now you know yeah you live and you learn right every airplane's different any other quirks the rudder trim you found out what else no not really I think it's a a very simple airplane to fly a little heavy on the controls you can give it a feel I got it the airplane I got the airplane yeah it's definitely it's still pretty responsive but it's definitely a little bit heavier than just your normal light training twin yeah and the biggest thing is when you're climbing or descending it's so much pressure that you're you're always using this wheel with my Malibu I always use the electric trim which I have here but it's just too slow and not as responsive um so I just I'm using this this trim wheel all the time and it's not you don't even think of it once you get used to it but it's it's a big adjustment when you first get into the airplane all right we're almost at our 10 miles out so I'll let you have it all right I have the airplane got it I would say the real definition of luxury though is armest right here great and all the space yes all right so what I'm actually going to do is we're pretty high so I'm going to go over Midfield and enter a left downwind gainesfield traffic King Air 291 Charlie Charlie is crossing Midfield at 3,000 ft to enter a left downwind for Gainesville I was mentioning earlier Tom Clement the king airbook that you go to you buying it's amazing Gainesville traffic King Air 291 Charlie Charlie's entering a left downwind for 36 Gainesville pretty this time of year all the green rains so obviously I'm coming in high and fast but not a big problem in the king area we're dropping at, 1600 ft a minute and we're not gaining speed ah she's coming right down so what are you usually looking for air speed on Final here far out uh I'm about 140 135 knots and short final I'm looking at 120 and then as I come over the numbers I want to be like right at uh uh vmc like 108 knots a she sure sinks like a rock yeah and then you fell that that's when the the props get flat almost almost beta nice very nice landing you and welcome to Gainesville Texas I really like this beta you lift up throttles you pull back in that beta area control your taxi speeds so you don't have to rely so much on the brakes does it handle well on the ground oh yeah much that was was terrible about the Malibu all right shut down checklist landing gear handle down condition levers out of cut propellers full forward Auto LS idle fuel panel circuit breakers in boost pumps on left and right this time we'll start the right engine since last time we did the left engine right ignition there's 18 that's all we're going to get high idle he it light yeah it should be a perfect little Sunset Cruise back turn and we shall taxi Gainesville traffic King Air 291 Charlie Charlie's departing 36 Gainesville get out before this guy on base turns final right traffic traff all right engine instruments look good got 86 knots we're looking for 95 there's 95 positive right you want to get the gear and gear is coming up oh the sky is beautiful though yeah got a Sunset and one way to make the sunset last longer is to climb to a high altitude ah that is true he watched the sunset twice yeah Gainesville traffic King Air 291 Charlie Charlie is departing the airport to the West I've noticed when I'm flying really high and even though I'm stilling a 260 KN airplane but if I'm going west it really slows down the sunset remarkably yeah cuz you're flying at it yeah yeah that's very cool it just the Red glove it left yeah I guess I'll put mytec 55 to work I don't have to set the altitude I'll just hit heading altitude I'd like to upgrade to the uh I think it's the 3100c okay it's just more accurate it tracks better this thing's a little sloppy of course what everybody wants is the GFC 600 I started to do my twin license there in travel wasn't crazy about that airplane but I ended up finishing it in an Aztec that had a gear up shortly after at Bridgeport it got total I had a scary moment in that airplane um we were I think I was going into Bridgeport and I had forgotten to turn on like the generator button or one of the switches it was at night and every all the stuff started dying you know I thought you know this is a perfect personal experience that shows how dangerous it is to fly in an airplane you're not used to yeah you know I read the checklist but you know you you misread things or you you glaze over things and and then it's at night you maybe you you end up in uh you know low visibility not IMC but you know uh minimal conditions and and you get D disoriented and it's game over so everything starts right it's always Butterfly Effect it's never just one event and it could it could easily start with you weren't familiar with that airplane yeah it's dark I'll turn on my strobe my recog lights I will listen to weather at Alliance Lort ad xray 2253 Zulu win 330 one Niner gusts 24 visibility 1 Z ceiling 55 broken Alliance Tower King Air 291 Charlie Charlie we are 5 miles to the Northwest inbound for landing with x-ray K 291 Charlie Charlie lines toenter left down one for Runway 34 right left down one for 34 right 291 Charlie Charlie I'll take it off autopilot so you'll hear beeping I tell my passengers that because they freak out sometimes it does it does sound like an alarming beep if you don't know what's happening does that mean we are going to die all right so pattern altitude and the Turbo prop is always 1500 ft AGL I shouldn't say always but mostly so I'm going to go down to 2200 feet so I'm coming in little high and hot um which like I did at Gainesville but again no problem bring it down to 500 lb of torque and now I'm below flap extension so I'm going to bring approach Flaps in I like going into Hicks just over there and in that case you do the short field procedure you're going to do full flaps you're going to go high idle on the condition and what that does is of course the full flaps makes you drop fast and then the high idle makes it so when you go into reverse you don't have to wait for a spool up so you're going to use very little one Runway 34 right clear to land 34 right cleared to land one Charlie Charlie what is the uh the cool thing about the king air is you get a lot of airplane but you still have a lot of availability of those little airports that you can get in and out of right and that gives you a lot of options for fuel prices yes you go to those municipal or Regional airports airports all lit up yeah we came in uh Sunday night from Kentucky and it was socked in um conditions and we came down below the ceiling I think at 500 AGL and then you saw the big Christmas light yeah approach lighting system and it's just the feeling is like nothing else oh yeah I love IMC as long as there's no convective activity associated with it that is awesome very nice flight thanks for taking us up yeah well thanks for the opportunity to show this airplane I think it's a good option for a lot of people to get an older model King Air especially with the Blackhawks can do a lot for you well thanks again for taking us up Michael it was a blast checking out the king air it was a lot of fun it was my first time in one so you got me hooked now I like the faster well it was a pleasure and I hope that people can watch this and see what it's like to have a King Air and and and have all the information they need to make a purchase thank you guys for watching make sure to leave us a like and comment and subscribe because there's a lot more coming and if you have an airplane you want to show off make sure to send me an email Dakota flying doodles.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dcxplant [12 likes]: This aircraft is not for amateur pilots. Flying a business turbine aircraft is no place for a hobbyist.
  2. @renscience [5 likes]: Weekend warrior and complex plane. Him and his dad crashed and died
  3. @SteamCrane [5 likes]: See Blancolirio's report on the fatal crash.
You don't know what you don't know.
  4. @ErikssonTord_2 [4 likes]: And still he's dead after mishandling his plane ...
  5. @cyntux [2 likes]: Watching this months after the picture, after broncololirio covered it is eerie
  6. @charlespierce3647 [2 likes]: For millionaires
  7. @carlhopkinson [1 likes]: Got 5 million dollars?
  8. @wadesaleeby2172 [1 likes]: When I was 17 working at the Wilson Municipal Airport, one cold November morning, the pilot...named Jimmy Black, a former Air Force pilot asked me the night before if I would like to fly to Miami Beach the next morning! Yes Sir! We departed at 7 a.m. and flew out 30 miles off the South Carolina coast at 18,000'. I sat in the co pilot seat and a Lear Jet pulled up beside us on the right hand side. We had a conversation with the pilot and I could clearly see in the back seats a couple sitting and facing each other. She had long dangling sparkly ear rings. They were also flying to Miami Beach... and said "We'll see you in Miami!" Coming in over Florida and northern Miami, I recall seeing all the swimming pools below...one was shaped like a guitar....Stepping out of the door, I immediately noticed the warm temperature and little orange trees for sale in the lobby! What a memorable flight in N65KiloAlpha, the great Beechcraft C90!
  9. @PeterStaniforth [1 likes]: Yeah, it's ok. But I prefer to fly my family around in our little run-about Learjet 35A.
  10. @dtsh4451 [1 likes]: Good lord, I never expected it was him! God bless his soul, sad😢
  11. @ijaznadeem7269: Father & daughter flying together. Awesome !
  12. @UnIimited_Power: 17:08 😩
  13. @BBQFLEWCREW: Reminds me of flying the caravans, always trimming them as well.
  14. @salvadorpneri: Where do people get the money for this type of family hobby?? I'm told that the avg. hourly cost for the C90 is about $1200.00.
  15. @mrbigw100: Why was the recommended video after this video? This poor guys crash video? This is messed up YouTube.
  16. @5thGenNativeTexan: Sad to see this happen.  Let this be a cautionary tale on progressing perhaps too rapidly up the ladder of more complex and high performance aircraft.   https://youtu.be/k0mV6jvdvPw?si=k5J5MO5OOdw0M81F
  17. @CSAviationandTransitChannel: RIP
  18. @dilpreetsandhu3747: Never imagined that 700k people are looking to buy a plane and watching reviews on youtube !!
  19. @JuanMaldonado-ik8lg: When I see a King Air I see the USA.  It is One of the best planes ever made in the USA..
  20. @George-l4e5h: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

- Beechcraft King Air 350 | Complete TurboProp Walkthrough: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi i'm butch lang and i'm with jet hq and we're at the johnson county executive airport in olathe kansas to introduce you to the king air 350. one of the things that i'd like to say about the king air 350 it is probably the most capable terrible prop ever produced it's what we might call a square airplane and we got the squared oval cabin and we have performance that goes to 35 000 feet it can operate on and off unimproved airports you can carry full fuel and 1600 pounds which very very few airplanes are capable of doing that we accomplished this with a turboprop engine which i'll explain that we have a pratt whitney engine that we operate it's full weather capability the king air 350 is powered by two pratt whitney pt 6-68 engines they are one of the most reliable engines ever built in the world a turbo prop aircraft is a little misunderstood and something it is actually has a turbojet engine that where we convert the power to the propeller a very efficient engine with very low cost operating expenses turbo props are a little misunderstood in that it is actually a jet engine that's connected to a propeller so it is very efficient the actual pt6 engine on the king air 350 is what's called the reverse flow engine the air comes in here at the inlet goes back and then comes up to the compressor section of the engine to the turbine section with the power then going to the prop and the exhaust this way so that's where we get the reverse flow the air comes in goes through the engine and the gases burn or exit here now it's connected to a very large harzel four-bladed propeller that provides it very short field capability but is large enough and gets enough power that it can go to thirty-five thousand feet normal operating is somewhere between twenty eight and thirty one thousand feet these two engines drive this airplane at over 300 knots at those altitudes the operations capability of the king air 350 is very wide and we can even operate off of unimproved airports grass strips gravel strips because we have dual landing gear heated brakes on that so it can take off of soft fields the airplane is also used in the military it's used in maritime operations you can add extra tanks to this that they do in the military it's all weather capability the all-weather capabilities achieved through pneumatic de-ice boots on the wings the ice boots on the horizontal stabilizer the propellers are heated the engine inlets are heated and the windshields are heated a little added safety feature on in heavy precipitation snow rain whatever is that as the air comes in here there's a door that will that opens in this capability that all the snow ice rain whatever goes down below the wing never comes up toward the compressor section of the engine all right the wing lockers on a king air are very large very long hold 300 pounds each side so you're 600 pounds but you can see how deep they are they're perfect for guns fishing poles skis whatever it might be awkward to put inside the baggage compartment in the airplane normally you would also put what gear that you would need for overnight such as your plugs and your covers would go in one anything that used to be kept on the inside of the airplane when you travel for long times away from your home base put in the wing lockers one of the efficiencies of the king air brand especially the king air 350 is a turbo prop engine and the low direct operating cost if you're buying your fuel at four dollars a gallon on this airplane essentially you'll spend 500 an hour for fuel going at 300 knots engine reserves for both engines or about 225 an hour so now we're up to about 700 an hour and then maintenance is a hundred dollars an hour parts over time would be another hundred dollars an hour prop reserves is very less than ten so essentially we're at about 950 for the direct operating cost on this so you can call it a thousand dollars an hour all day so if you fly uh 300 hours a year your direct operating cost is only three hundred thousand now all king airs have a door similar to this it's a very large door that comes down very smoothly and is easy to operate and once it's down you have full steps to gain entrance to the airplane to gain interest to the airplane on this door is just up like this and you're in you have 500 pounds of baggage capability right in this area here accessible in flight one of the benefits of the king air 350 and actually all king airs is the cabin the cabin's considered a uh a square oval in other words you got basically a flat floor the sides come up vertically before they start to make a oval all right so that's what we'd call it the squared oval the cabin on the king air 350 normally always has a a double club in other words i'm at the one club this is the forward club there's the aft club so you have eight seats in a very comfortable environment each seating area has two executive riding desks one each side that are large very strong this one also has usb ports at each seating area so you can charge you can watch your movies or charge your phone as typical the equipped uh king here you dim your lights by just rotating the window which is polarized and it makes it darker light as you need to be forward at night operations or other operations are closing doors that close off the cockpit and close off the lavatory which we'll point out so that you have a very private environment to do work in or ride in or nap sleep your kids playing and won't bother the flight crew lots of storage area up front with drawers for all your snacks beverages coffee waters lots of drawers lots of storage kind of like a boat another unique feature of the king air 350 is the fully enclosed aft lavatory now here's the lavatory has a regular toilet seat there flushable toilet and you have privacy from the rest of the airplane with these doors closed and plus it's a very comfortable seat for your ninth passenger if you're riding two crew it doesn't gets more comfortable than okay in this particular king air 350 they've converted it to the garmin 1000 nxi avionics system did a few things for the airplane of course it modernized the cockpit by a lot which i'll say a few words about but when they took the proline four avionics out and put in the garmin 1000 nxi they took out approximately 300 pounds of avionics so now you can add an extra 300 pounds of fuel an extra person 300 pounds more baggage just by going to the garmin avionics suite now the garden avionics suite is an extremely powerful extremely fast system standard with that is this very large multi-function display and two primary flight displays for the pilot and co-pilot the rest of the cockpit is the same as the rest of the king areas with the overhead panel the center pedestal pressurization all the switchology is the same except for the avionics on the avionics you can display charts you can display taxiways you can display overlay weather you can overlay all that you need a navigation taxiways on both your primary flight or your multi-function display it also has the checklist capability so you can have your checklist you can see right here we're showing some traffic somewhere here around the johnson county airport it's showing right there that little white dot and when you update your software and the charts and plates and maps you have two cards that come out that put in your computer update or i think it's called garmin pilot you can do it actually on board the airplane this really modernizes a 1998 airplane to 2020 avionics standards

  Top Comments:
  1. @jethq [76 likes]: Thank you for watching our video. Please hit subscribe and share our channel with your friends.
  2. @typhonnook8223 [2 likes]: What a beautiful plane. the bronze engine paint job is absolute 100000000%
  3. @charlesthomas2586: I'll take one🎉
  4. @hawaiianfilter: What an excellent video.  Make more please..
  5. @davidcordatos-marcotte8144: Nice Beechcraft
  6. @williamgibb5557: Very beautiful and a very capable plane. However, I am not capable of owning one. Would love to fly it.
  7. @simiannye: Civil Unrest John...Civil Unrest!!!!
  8. @gwenyfred1743: It’s a beautiful plane and one of my favourites, but, after moving through its cabin then through a Pc12 cabin, there is no comparison. Pc12 wins here.
  9. @kenzeier2943: When I was at Ethiopia in 1983 I met some pilots with mission aviation Fellowship out of Redlands California, and they were flying DeHavilland twin otter. I think that was a turbo prop plane. 
They were hauling food supplies
I never saw any Beechcrafts there
  10. @danger_ointment: that thing can unalive you right quick like
  11. @JAFO44: Flew a corp owned E90 back in the 90's out of love field. Miss those days
  12. @BryanCleveland71: I wish I could ride in one someday!!! ❤
  13. @dougsmith747: Nice!😅
  14. @triplea120901: Guns no ammo in the wing lockers lol
  15. @neerajsahay6354: Thru your YouTube I suggest Beechcraft to modify VCM to electrical version as in KingAir C90.
  16. @hock8379: Don't get me wrong, the King Air is beautiful and capable airplane.  But the design is so dated.  A Pilatus PC-12 performs at the same speed using less fuel and is more comfortable.  Yes single engine, but a better safety record than King Air and half the price.  And for not much more than a King Air, you can buy a Phenom 300 and get way more speed and comfort.  I'm not sure why operators are still buying the King Air.
  17. @mehmehlatido125: Good day everyone ,Beechcraft King Air 350 / Comeplete Turbo ...syempre kung kaya mong magbayad ng pamasahi puntang ibang bansa di pumili kana ng mahal na air plane kase sa mahal comportabli ka at uneasy lalo na kung ang biyahi mo nsa malayo at kung kaya mo man lang pumili kana nang maayus WELCOME TO THE HOUSE OF MUSIC DANCE 2026 ❤🎉❤ LIT'S JOIN THE EXCITING MUSIC AND DANCE ❤🎉❤🎉 BUT DON'T FORGITE LIKE - CHANNEL TO DEVELOPED THERE PRODUCTS ❤🎉❤🎉❤ GOD BLESS ❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉 .
  18. @isaxdah: csn land itself while pilots dead btw
  19. @V..K-n3g: ❤I really like the subtle technique! I would fly with it right away! 🦅(...Keri
  20. @camranh_royal: I just ordered mine from Amazon but it said “Made in China”🇨🇳 :(

- How Textron Has Improved the King Air Aircraft Family for Passengers and Pilots – AIN: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone the already very large king air family of twin turboprop aircraft now has a new member with textron just having launched the new 360 model that features improvements in both the cockpit and the cabin and here to tell us more about that is rob shull who is the company's senior vice president for sales and flight operations so first of all rob please tell us what's new in terms of the performance that the 360 will offer when deliveries begin in this coming fall we think the 360 really adds some new benefits both for the pilots up front and passengers in the back and also helps with the maintainability of the aircraft up front for the pilots the biggest thing that we have is the new is s thrust sense auto throttle which really provides full envelope protection for the pilots decreasing their workload and allowing them to focus on what's important flying the airplane also up front we have a new digital pressurization system so gone is the manual system that's been in the king airs for a while so again reduces the pilot workload but also helps to provide a more comfortable experience for the passengers in the back it eliminates any pressurization bumps that may have happened in the past that combined with a few structural enhancements we've made to the airplane it now results in a 10 lower cabin pressure altitude for the passengers so it's below 6000 feet when the airplane's at flight level 270 so i think that that'll help the pilots obviously up front but it'll provide a better experience for passengers in the back and then in the cabin of the airplane christy tannehill and her interior design team have really done a great job of doing a big makeover to the the king air 360. and so you have a new modern styling in the back of the airplane that does provide a little bit more room for passengers um also uh provides a little bit better ergonomics they've done a lot of work with sculpting of the seats and coming up with a much more comfortable seat for the passengers in the back and then we've also made some few changes in the airplane as well to make it easier to maintain um all of those things combined together really just provide a overall a better package for our customers and we're really excited to launch the king air 360 and 360r today good to hear that just quickly back to that auto throttle you mentioned envelope protection for the benefit of non-pilots what are we really talking about there what what is the protection uh for yeah sure so it provides protections for a few things obviously the auto throttle works from takeoff to landing um if there is an engine out scenario with the king air it allows for um to take off and climb with the airplane it also provides protection for over torque and over temp situations with the airplane so the is system i think is going to be a great upgrade for the the king air family and it will be available as an aftermarket mod as well for the 300 series for all of those airplanes that are already out there in the field so it's been a great partnership with is s bringing that to the marketplace and we're excited to bring that to our customers superb and in the cabin i saw some of the pictures i mean that's certainly a very sharp look that you've got going on there is it going to feel different in terms of comfort levels for people sitting in that cabin is is the spacing any different or the the structure of the seats any different sure so christy and her team have done a great job of taking what they've learned from our jets and also what we're doing on some of our new products like the longitude and the denali to bring that to the king air 360. there it will feel a little bit more spacious a few things that have been done is the side walls have been re-sculpted and thinned down a little bit to provide a little bit more space on the sides the seats have also been tweaked to provide a little bit more room but more importantly with the seats christy and her team have used technology to do digital pressure mapping of how customers actually sit on the seats and then they've been able to tweak the foam and other parts of the seat structure to just provide a better overall experience for the customers so i think i think our customers will notice a big difference and then obviously uh christy and the team have come up with some new interiors this year that i think look really nice combined that with our king ranch edition that we have it's been out there for a couple years and had a great reception from customers overall that combines to bring a great package of the new king air 360. sure that's interesting and just quickly of course you know these these are exceptional times uh for the for the whole aviation sector here you are launching uh a new model or at least a derivative of an existing family um the king air has always struck me as being a very pragmatic and flexible aircraft that can conserve a lot of different missions do you think you know maybe the time is right particularly now for an aircraft like this when people are perhaps looking at new ways to travel around and keep themselves safe absolutely obviously the worldwide pandemic has created a lot of difficulties for people all over the world obviously the human impact cannot be overstated and you know we've done a lot over the past several months with our employees to try to help adjust our production to produce face masks and face shields for local first responders and our employees have made a lot of sacrifices as we all took furloughs um back in the march and april time frame so it's really good to shift to some positive news to talk about uh we had the sky courier a few weeks ago obviously the king air 360 now so what we're focused on is continuing to invest in new products and new services that provide value to our customers and like you mentioned the king air has always been a unique product in that it serves a variety of missions around the world um obviously for our owners that just fly for personal travel it's in fleet says well like wheels up flies the king air 350 but a lot of special missions applications and what has been um reassuring to me from a business perspective over the last few months is that our king air demand has remained strong largely as you say with that versatility that the airplane has so we've had retail customers who have been purchasing the airplane but also strong special emissions activity with orders from organizations like the royal flying doctors uh customs and border patrol here in the u.s and so i do think as we go forward the world will need a versatile airplane like the king air and do everything that it can do and i think the 360 will just add to that proud legacy of being a versatile powerful aircraft fantastic well we do appreciate you taking the time to explain all that to us and this is indeed exciting news so thanks so much for joining us rob thank you and thank you for all that you do for aviation we appreciate it thanks for watching this ain video please like subscribe and share it if you've enjoyed it also visit ainonline.com for all the latest on the aviation industry

  Top Comments:
  1. @rigilchrist [23 likes]: "Please tell us what's new in Performance..."  Replies with lots of info but nothing at all about perfromance.
  2. @CyberSystemOverload [12 likes]: The cockpit still looks like a mess. Retains the clutter of the old ones - that forest of twiddly switches under the displays. All of that needs to be moved to a new neat overhead panel. And look at the steam gauge panel below the window on the left hand pilot seat. Clean it up get rid of steam! Put that on the overhead with cleaned up digital display.  Look at how neat the TBM panels are in comparison.  King AIr new panel is a gazillion times more capable with its new avionics and displays but the general look of the panel needs to be fixed. The holdover from its steam gauge past is still there.
  3. @toufikemroj8855 [11 likes]: I love phenom 300...as same price....
  4. @dogstar5927 [9 likes]: Should've been priced at 5M. Anything more is getting into small jet territory and / or pre-owned medium range jet territory.
  5. @dogstar5927 [8 likes]: 8M...?!?! Whoever did the pricing needs to be kicked in the nuts !!! I can get a preowned Falcon 2000EASy for that much
  6. @boeing-lt4el [7 likes]: Swing and a miss. The King Air is an absolute legend, but Textron just hasn't figured out how to modernize this one. The cockpit looks and feels very "mix n' match". Just like every other company has already done, why dont they just get rid of all the buttons and switches for a clean glass look and go FADEC on the engines to ditch the prop levers - make the experience Jet-like.  Look at a TBM, Cessna M2 or a Piper Mirage with the G3000 cockpits as an example. With Phenom 300 the obvious selection at this price point, they really need to step it up to remain relevant.
  7. @gailmrutland6508 [5 likes]: $8.75 MM++ when I can get into a Pilatus  PC-24 jet for $2.0 MM more?  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  Better compare specs, boys!!!!
  8. @Patriotsoul [3 likes]: Other than the range and useful load I still prefer the Piaggio Avanti Evo. Faster at 401kts with a 41k ceiling and cheaper operational costs.
  9. @oppoandroidf1174 [1 likes]: Beautiful....beautiful aircraft...👍👍👌😍😍😍
  10. @Punishcommunist [1 likes]: So close to a 1900 it's crazy.
  11. @prichabintoalaea9605 [1 likes]: Pc เพลงดี หนังดัง วาไรตี้มากมาย
  12. @toufikemroj8855 [1 likes]: Please tell me that when I will get it in the market????
  13. @beachbum1523: Textron Beechcraft should offer the KA-360 with the Blackhawk 67-A engines and 5 bladed props.
  14. @TechTronMinator: https://youtu.be/2fqlvAA2M8Q
  15. @TechTronMinator: https://youtu.be/hs38RPVDFm0
  16. @juanpedroorange4218: 😎👍🛩🌈
  17. @nikolaospeterson2495: Right now for several years I have been piloting a KA 350 -- on a Microsoft sim. With this news perhaps I can finally get out of my sim arm chair and get into the left (or right) seat of a B-360 cockpit -- for real!
  18. @mohamedbastawy2797: Please can you answer what are the points at which the King Air plane stops from New York to Cairo and how much fuel and time, thank you
  19. @PHV2025: It would be good to know the what the difference is between the 360 and 360R which I think you mentioned in passing?
  20. @Jay-hr3rh: As of March 2021 the King air is discontinued. The competition is kicking their ass.

- Engineered with passion: Kind: captions Language: en When the force is professional, the human Weiss neutrals in their chests about this team when the former captain is an attempt at Texas Cliff and navigate neither [Music] on stage order

  Top Comments:
  1. @bertinfreckmann6553 [2 likes]: I love the Company DASSAULT and his superb Jets !!!
  2. @leroyhall5043 [1 likes]: As a seasoned voice over talent, who is passionate about the aviation world, I have to take my hats off to the voice talent who made the elements and scenes in this video mesmeric. Wow! I was absolutely inspired. Well done. P.S. I would love to get an opportunity to work with Dassault Falcon as a voice talent in their campaigns, features and launches. Dassault is the best.
  3. @ADAMKINDO: 😊❤😊
  4. @HawaKindo: Yes❤
  5. @alikindo5819: Quelle compagnie de reve❤
  6. @AboulayeKamagate-j4d: Cool❤
  7. @ADAMKINDO: Yesssss❤
  8. @ZeinabKindo-in7gi: ❤❤❤
  9. @alikindo5819: Wahooo❤
  10. @matiasstieben2372: excelente!.
  11. @havefun74: nice video:)
  12. @uminhtetoo: Flying. It’s in our DNA.

- Our people. Our mission.: Kind: captions Language: en our strength resides in our people enriched by their own stories and multiple talents going above and beyond in precise Harmony sharing their expertise to achieve a higher standard and deliver on our promise our longstanding commitment to make aircraft that fly like no other and to do what it takes to keep them in the air we share our people's passion for excellence and what it means for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Obeli.sk6 [2 likes]: Bravo!

- A Very very very brief Pilatus PC-12 Tour: Kind: captions Language: en it was up a lot of pc-12 20 2014 down in the Bahamas we're just gonna take a quick little peek inside we got the beautiful cabin back here with the leather the nice kinky wood oh yeah that's gorgeous what do you think Bret I'm pointing out to the well we Gentiles we've got this is the autopilot this is the PFD this is the the MD this is the engine display unit this is

  Top Comments:
  1. @CitationMax: Very cool Jon never saw that footage.  Great Memories!!

- PC-12 – The World's Greatest Single: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the PC 12ng is the latest offering from Pilatus and it has gained a reputation for its versatility performance reliability and flexibility to become one of the most popular turban powered business aircraft on the market today we are excited to receive a demonstration of the Next Generation Pilatus from Regional sales director Don Peterson company itself started making airplanes in 1939 the development of the Pilatus PC2 itself started in the late 80s early 90s and first year production was 1995 it's manufactured in ston Switzerland which is a small town of south of Lake lern we're up to I think around 1200 plus aircraft worldwide flying around the pc12 is operated around the world in a wide range of missions and profiles including executive transport cargo air ambulance Airline law enforcement and government special Mission applications what you're going to be able to do in this aircraft is you're going to carry about you're going to be able to do around four hours of flying with around 2,000 lbs of people bags and Pilots inside that would be a a very maxed out type configuration or loading and that would be uh 8 seats in the back of the aircraft and sitting a ninth passenger in the co-pilot seat so 10 Souls total on a trip like that a lot of people call it the turban Suburban it it can go on grass at 2,000 ft long strip it can go on 10,000 ft long you know runways going into large metropolitan areas and it can fit in all places in between the aircraft has a range of around, 1500 nautical miles it's certified up to 30,000 ft and it cruises at around 310 mil hour the uh engine that the patus pc12 has is a Pratt Whitney pt6 d67 Papa which produces 1,800 thermodynamic horsepower with and and it's derated to 12200 horsepower continuous at the prop what we're looking at here is a four-bladed metal heartzel prop correct fully reversible automatic prop Governor so the aircraft itself maintains 1,700 RPMs the pilot has no control over that the airplane does it automatically for the pilot the PC2 NG also has a high lift wing for exceptional short field performance certification for flight into known icing conditions and a state-ofthe-art Honeywell Primus Apex avionic system radar out on the wing tip yes sir yeah and the interesting thing is is is that you know on a single engine aircraft it always wants to turn left right because of the P Factor so platus engineering put drag obviously this is a drag component and they put it on the farthest right side of the aircraft so is it true you can't make a bad landing with trailing L GE that landing gear is the same size tire as the cesma Caravan it's it's a low press Tire it was designed for unimproved strips gravel uh Rock River beds you name it and uh it makes very it makes very very challenging to make a bad landing so what is that material that's a carbon fiber material and platus Engineering put carbon fiber materials in the in the noncritical areas to make sense for a weight standpoint category in classa Airplane I got to say it's one of the more solid doors I've seen it really makes it nice and easy for folks to get in and out of because it is counterweighted they don't have to worry about slipping falling having their foot go through the actual stairs itself in similar aircraft and uh you know it's it's part of the whole package of a large large cabin aircraft and part of the whole package on the flight line is getting a flight demonstration and we had Don demonstrate some of the features inside the ultramodern cockpit of the PC2 Ng good afternoon minle Center patus 32 November golf is with you descending 1,300 for 6,000 what does the next generation of platus look like well I think first of all we're sitting in the next generation of the Next Generation aircraft which is why they call it the NG so they start started this project in around 2000 pressurization is automatic turning on and off avionics buses and generators are automatic and correspondingly automatic on the shutdown my joke was that in another 10 years we won't even get to fly the darn thing you know as well as anybody Paul that that flying airplanes and aviation in general is a combination of you know lift drag thrust and weight and if you want to go faster you got to give something up you want to carry a lot of weight you got to give something up it's a ying and yang and a physics problem and the pc12 has traditionally been one of the best examples of maximizing all those forces and factors okay I noticed that you're manipulating it with some kind of a device here tell me about a little bit what that's called and what it does well it's called a cockpit cursor device in normal terms it's a mouse like a computer I can neate uh through all the screens and have a but but on the side that will take my cursor to the different screens I also have a joystick here that will perform the same function it's slick the PC2 is definitely slick as well as modern rugged and versatile and it runs like a Swiss watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @canonphoto [10 likes]: they forgot drug transport
  2. @steveo1kinevo [9 likes]: I thought the Cessna Grand Caravan 208 was referred to as "The Turbine Suburban" ...and now this guy says the PC12 is referred to it. I guess it's a cool name so we will give all Turboprops the name. lol
  3. @BOEINGNUT [5 likes]: JamesHMac,

A legitimate question sir. It all comes down to size. The PC-12 is a much bigger aircraft. The TBM850 is 34 feet long with a 41 foot wingspan, while the PC-12 is 47 feet long with a 53 foot wingspan. It's also heavier. The TBM850 max weight is almost 7,400 lbs., while the PC-12 Tops out at a little over 10,450 lbs. They are both awesome, but I would have to lean toward the PC-12 for my personal choice.
  4. @inekemateman273 [2 likes]: Sorry guys...., the Antonov AN-2 is the greatest single....!!!  Haha   !!!
  5. @cnn787-i9e [2 likes]: Is it true the PC-12 NG is a very noisy aircraft? I read where it's over 90 dB inside. Ouch !!!
  6. @VictorSilva-qf2tu [1 likes]: Cessna 152
  7. @lee-5516 [1 likes]: Palates
  8. @dneitzke [1 likes]: Just magnificent genius engineering don't see how you could make any single better , I would have no fear of crossing mountainous terrain in IMC with this babe, How I would love one to make a "state of the art" ambulance  of one. Thankyou for sharing this .!!
  9. @embrj1453 [1 likes]: They used the same concept we used as a kid playing with kites with their Radar , sometimes it would fly to one side only, due to it's sticks not being well balanced or whatever, and we would put a small peace of plastic or paper to make weight on the opposed side to compensate...
  10. @88Mobius [1 likes]: one of these baby's fly over where I work every so often. It is funny because it always tricks me. It sounds just like a private jet  coming in for landing.
  11. @tbrown965: Every time you buy a Pilatus you are supporting one of Vladimir Putins' closest oligarchs. Blood Money!
  12. @juliomanalo7074: How much is it?
  13. @jorgepaez5088: Pilatus airplanes are best of the world. Congratuations.
  14. @jacknisen: Not much info for a 6 minute video.
  15. @1pjlewis2: So how many PC-12 ng was made against how many Cessna Grand Caravans made?
  16. @bobshaw4063: Nice aiirplane.. How does it compare to the TBM 850 or 950? Is it air-conditioned , does it have an onboard bathroom? What is the approximate price in US Dollars ?
  17. @thefireman2854: FADEC is overdue for the PC12.  Probably the next step for them.  Lets hope they do not need to goto a new engine to get it...they have a great track record with the PT 6.
  18. @arnoldmayii3563: Awesome airplane
  19. @zonavelhalpma: The TBM 850 and the TBM 900 are so much better than the PC .
  20. @88Mobius: O.k. that is how you pronounce it.

- Pilatus Porter: Heavyweight Contender | FT Business: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] maybe it's the effect of the mountains I've recently met some remarkably individual Swiss people from the world of flying one who builds rather good fully enclosed cabin motorcycles useful in this weather another who straps a wing and jet engines onto his back and leaps out of planes like this one Pilatus the Swiss manufacturer of the pc6 has for more than 75 years been building aircraft ideally suited to their local I've looked at Rugged go anywhere planes before the haul of beachcraft King Air was one this though might just be in a different field I don't think even its designer when he penned This Plane more than half a century ago would have said that the Pilatus Porter is a pretty aircraft the pc6 started without this long smouch though the first examples had piston engines when more powerful turbine engines were fitted in 1961 they were lighter which meant extending the nose to keep the center of gravity in the right place so it's not pretty but it's most definitely functional the fixed undercarriage with its huge tires fit for landing on gravel is built to take punishment the aircraft has retained its tail dragger Arrangement because nose Wheels while making for better handling on hard runways are vulnerable on rough strips this 1.8 million Swiss frank aircraft is good not only at getting into rough runways but also short on the porter has been landed within the width of a football pitch but at sea level where the air is most dense even at maximum weight it can leave the ground within 650 ft and be at Treetop height before it's gone 1,500 ft it's not that fast a cruise speed of 119 knots is slower than many helicopters but it can go a long way the range is 870 nautical miles with the underwing fuel tanks when you're flying over the mountains with very few safe places to land or fast changing weather that can prevent you getting into your planned destination that extra range is reassuring but for further flexibility the porter can also be fitted with skis or floats it's a physically demanding aircraft to fly but one that responds well to precise operation of the heavy controls Landing distances are much shorter than those needed for takeoff by about a third the big wings work well even at high elevations and the porter holds the record for the highest successful intentional Landing by a plane at nearly 19,000 ft in Nepal as a comparison the king a I flew recently needs about 2 1/2 th000 ft in which to land in normal conditions the pc6 needs less than half of that maximum the plane does have a reputation for being difficult to land but my very first attempt worked out pretty well there's plenty of room in here it can carry 10 people on seats or many more refugees these big doors also mean that it can carry a lot of cargo nearly 1 and A2 tons with the main tanks filled and that's where this aircraft freely excels getting supplies into remote areas or stretch your cases out and for when the terrain is too tricky for even this aircraft to land some have a hatch that can be opened in flight to drop stores which makes this the closest thing to a bomber I've ever been handed the keys to patus is strong on practical touches it's bigger pc12 turbo prop pretty well the only executive aircraft you can load a motorcycle into without having to dismantle it first I like that the porter takes practicality and utility to a different level though it allows me to consider Landing areas that would look tight even if I were flying a helicopter but at a fraction of the cost that's the sort of capability that has kept the Pilatus Porter employed in tough and remote locations such as papia New Guinea mining sites since 1959 it also works well as the a equivalent of a soup top high performance off-road car among all the other quirky Curiosities in its native Switzerland I'm Ro jagy of the financial times

  Top Comments:
  1. @agustinusdegei9968 [4 likes]: Pilatus Porter legend in Papua 👍🏽💪🏾
  2. @robertneven7563 [4 likes]: i jump out that bloody nice thing more than 200times
  3. @bryanbadger6841 [3 likes]: So the question has to be asked, "Why has production of the Porter been terminated.?"
  4. @earlgrae [3 likes]: I was so disappointed Pilatus have now stopped production. Whatever could they have been thinking?
  5. @felipealcabri [2 likes]: RIP PC6
  6. @auki010 [2 likes]: Thank You Pilatus, verry helping in Papua 👍🏾😎
  7. @BlazingShackles [1 likes]: Ive always wanted one, but the price just keeps going up. Guess I will have to continue getting around in my 1997 Subaru Forester.
  8. @DavidR_192 [1 likes]: The presenter has alien DNA.   Also... 3:14 .. MonoBrow level 16.        Also...4:09... pouty storm off
  9. @hobanagerik [1 likes]: Another Porter video which makes no mention of Beta descent.
  10. @happygolucky369 [1 likes]: It's a great aircraft.
  11. @fr3k4z0id: It's not pretty? Yeah.. duh.. because it's GORGEOUS!
  12. @imza5535: What kinda bozo calls the long nose ugly? Thats like calling the F15 ugly 😂
  13. @johnappleby1480: Great skydiving plane
  14. @BenjaminKuso-op6ob: Susi air Indonesia 🇮🇩
  15. @alfonsolomeli7445: Una hermosa nave para el trabajo duro.
  16. @PaddyPilot: Such an awesome plane to fly and an awesome video
  17. @rikokabakofficialpapua1750: I want to get one . Where who can I in contact with ?
  18. @jxk4500: Beast
  19. @GG-sr4ww: She's a beauty!
  20. @marinmax55: Ugli but eficient ...

- All you need to know about the PC-12 | PrivateFly: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello I'm Adam tweedle from private slide and we're here at Biggin Hill airport to meet Edwin from orient deviation to see the aircraft that everybody's talking about the Pilatus pc-12 hi Adam I figured seeing isn't it fantastic I was a beautiful aeroplane so you go for flights that would be amazing welcome aboard [Applause] Aaron at private ly we asked our customers and followers if they had any questions about the pc-12 as someone who flies and sells the aircraft you're the best person to ask and the first question of many was just why is the pc-12 so special the first thing really is the amazing versatility of the aircraft the plan that you can land on grass runways and very short strips and the cabin it's a huge cabin actually Texas they're larger than a competitive twin turboprop you can also change these seats and reconfigure them so the moment we have a 6e configuration in the aircraft we can automated an eight seats in about an hour there's a lot of flexibility we can remove the seats and use that cargo door it can go in the back they can have any combination what is the runway length required to the pc-12 to take off and land it's amazingly short Adam you'd be surprised something I demonstrated the short takeoff and landing today generally we say if you have an 800 meter field you're comfortable to walk and you talk about any field what type of runways can you land on the airplane was actually designed originally for the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Australia it was never designed as an executive transport so it was built to land on very rough unimproved strips perfect for the UK we have a lot of grass airfield how reliable is the pc-12 well as I mentioned before it's a Swiss build aircraft and it's built around quality the power plant in extremely program and tested it's been around from 1950 and there are companies in the US that fly this aircraft over 2,000 hours a year like an airline really it's very similar to an airline you looking at probably two and a half to three times the usual amount amount of hours and utilization for aircraft a year the business aviation that's incredibly tough incredibly durable very low maintenance Michael's very reliable and on Edwyn in the private charter market price is incredibly important to customer absolute now a private fly we know the pc-12 and from our flights in the states and now in Europe it's a very cost efficient aircraft but how does it compare to the twin-engine turboprop in terms of operational costs for the owner we're very glad you asked Adam we typically compare the aircraft with the smallest of the twin turbo props the most popular twin turbo props and the operating costs are around 30% lower and that particular aircraft even though we haven't allotment a bit much Edwin thank you so much for today it's been amazing seeing the pc-12 up front and personal and taking her flying you've given everybody a tremendous insight into this wonderful aircraft of pc-12 - thank you terrific thank you so much Adam it's been an absolute pleasure thank you for your interest and we are so excited to welcome private flight customers on to the PB 12 for the first time in Europe so we're thrilled thank you very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @MsMsmak [27 likes]: This must have been edited down from a much longer video. Four questions and no flight time. Kind of a waste.
  2. @mrabrasive51 [14 likes]: not much info at all!!..But he sure seemed excited!.
  3. @craigritz717 [8 likes]: If you like the PC12, you'll love the PC24!!!!!
  4. @2011blueman [5 likes]: I hear that accent and all I can think of is "jolly good" and "tallywacker". .
  5. @mjw1955 [5 likes]: This is on my dream sheet.  All I have to do is win the lottery first.
  6. @blewyd [3 likes]: The thing I love about pc 12 is the size. The cabin is so nice and big. Inside u can't tell its not s probate jet.
  7. @ekchuahstudios9066 [3 likes]: Love that aircraft.
  8. @Promoter125 [2 likes]: I didn't think a single engine aircraft could fly commercially in the UK. Have they changed the law?
  9. @bangthoyib3869 [1 likes]: i can't help to notice that the chair is so small and the man head is almost touch the ceiling... though i really like short take off and landing and ability to land in unpavement runway
  10. @bellasignora2668 [1 likes]: Adam darling, this is by no means, all I need to know about the PC12, stop teasing me, tell me more, much, much more, you little tease you.  Please tell me where to find the proper length video, I can't seem to find it !
  11. @babajajaa000 [1 likes]: Does it have a toilet
  12. @frnkndad [1 likes]: A complete waste of time video. Not a single question was asked or fact revealed that couldn't have been answered by a 5 minute google search
  13. @rainerzufall689 [1 likes]: It is a watchable video but it didn't meet the goals set in the title so there is no way around thumbs down - although you could argue that I don't need to know anything. But that would trigger a lengthy discussion about needs.
  14. @Flightstar [1 likes]: I need a rich uncle type to buy one, then L the FO, we will go on one hell of an adventure.
  15. @chrisralph939: Can the PC-12 NGX be flown commercially with passengers and with a single Pilot in the UK?
  16. @matthewnelson4039: everything you can learn from there website...
  17. @Dave_Crupel: I didnt come here for a sales pitch. I dont have $5,000,000 to get this bird.
I intend to work on them.
Dislike.
  18. @billellis6944: What would it cost. For 3 couples to travel from Madison, ms to Grand Cayman and return to Madison airport. Tks
  19. @faiznaqvi: Does anyone know for sure that this aircraft is not allowed to fly IFR commercial operations in Europe?
  20. @SamLamsTop10Thankyoueveryone: I just sold mine .....NOT

- ForeFlight Flight Planning and SF50 Vision Jet Wireless Connectivity: Kind: captions Language: en good morning departure binge at 379 Juliet Bank 1.5 for 3 000 in the turn to zero nine zero three seven Niner Julia Mike turn right heading one four zero right turn one four zero nine three seven nine and Julie Mike turn right heading one a zero right turn one eight zero nine or two three [Applause] appreciate you guys coming along in this video today's video is gonna be uh a flight from John C tune Airport [Music] to Knoxville Tennessee to the McGhee Tyson Airport we're gonna bring the plane over to uh serious aircraft for some maintenance earlier in the week we published a video showing the flight planning for this flight uh where we used a fourth flight Wendy and an iPad miniature 9860 Edition 100 it gives us fifteen thousand fifteen thousand will be normal and uh in this case um we look at as many as 10 different factors to verify that uh that altitude would be correct but we start with the premise that we want to go uh distance all right we're cleared to taxi Romeo 3 output to Runway 2-0 some other factors we look at of course is the direction of flight so if we're gonna uh if we take you know a compass and you divide it in half from north to south the Eastern half of the compass and those headings would require an odd altitude and if you look at the companies number six other things detected are only two zero V Alpha news headings so that provides natural aircraft separation during flight because aircrafts that would be Crossing in opposite directions would be generally at least a thousand feet apart some other factors that we look at when looking at Winds of course is going to be the degree of headwind or Tailwind potential icing conditions at certain altitudes weather turbulence things of that sort probably about a total of 10 factors we look at some of which are more significant than others thank you all right everything caught up uh departure be on heading mode 3000 feet departure is in line that's on flaps and toga buttons pressed just pinning probe Heat all right busy day Appliance we're not come over here and put the traffic screen up have that on standby for the departure sounds good holder Runway two zero three seven nine Julie Mike one thing I forgot to show you guys is once we have the flight plan set up in the uh iPad Mini we can hit the Sim 2 button it essentially sent this pad pipe plan directly to the avionics system just confirm it on the GC gtc2 which is a metal touch screen and that's how that works fishing jet Niner Juliet Mike fly the runway heading maintain three thousand Runway two zero clear for takeoff traffic up we'll be making right close traffic on Broadway 2-0 Runway heading up to three thousand three seven nine and Johnson Tower uh Sky Lane 1 8 November Juliet 13 miles to the West uh severe far 2700 with information Alpha inbound for a full stop Landing Johnson we'll report four to the West for Runway 2-08 remember Juliet AirSpeed alive and let's rotate traffic 11 o'clock same altitude less than one mile here's coming up Alpha Ready through 115 so the flaps are coming up to it Alvin Johnson this is jet Niner Juliet Mike contact National departure have a good flight foreign caps available MCT the contact Tower 118.6 maintains speed at least 180 to the marker great day okay 180 marker over to the Tower giant 89.42 have you see ya good morning departure Vision Jeff 379 or Juliet Mike uh 2100 Clement of three thousand Runway heading there 379 National reporter I didn't maintain one five fifteen thousand five Roger Mike radar contact miles Southwest of the Johnson airport 29 or 100. I have a turn to the east momentarily position Senator three zero two three two three six nine seven Boy Scout Hotel contact Memphis Center one two five eight five short stay great day 25.85 good morning let's go tell giant 89 42 Towers 186. all right looks good remember my turn left heading zero nine or zero left turn zero nine zero nine or 440 Papa whiskey contact Memphis Center one two five eight five twenty five eighty five we'll see ya pop whiskey see ya all right come to 6900 or 7000 feet I should say making about two thousand feet a minute and 160 knots of uh light level change speed number 379 Julie my contact approach on 118.4 184 thanks thank you Mike have a great day forever the national 87 here let me just confirm we're clear for the approach all right 17 early Runway three to submar energy supporting them okay we are turning inbound now for uh good morning yeah 379 or drilling like 9.3 come to one five thousand zero nine zero special 11.99 17 you know via the Swift two information else 2011.99 National page 20 right altimeters three zero two three good morning two zero two three we'll expect is your right foreign traffic 10 o'clock and three miles Southwest bound to Boeing 737-14000. all right so far a nice day of flying flying directly uh over the arrival corridors for Nashville International today 57.79 Memphis center now one three two point Niner have a good flight 32.9 Brickyard 5779 now I'm making about 1800 feet a minute or Services Jamaica thanks from the terrible 18.5 good day at 5 35 the airport is at your 11 o'clock now in Niner miles the site the first fix on our flight plan our 535 I'll put a link in the description uh if you guys want to check out that flight planning video that I previously mentioned and currently coming through 13 700 feet on our way to one five thousand we're almost in a direct heading to tasmo so I assume they'll give us direct tasma at some point thousand feet to go switch to vertical speed and 169 knots 600 feet a minute now for the remaining 39 increase 200 feet to go December 739 Victor November advised Nashville Insight at your 12 o'clock in five miles and we're 739 Victor November Roger maintain Vehicles right now we're uh right at 15 000 feet 300.00 these are indicated air speeds so the 1684 to 17 4000 turn 15 degrees left the team up maintained four thousandths of West 16. ready thank you booster 853.89 indicated AirSpeed Turkey Creek number 379 Juliet might encoding Memphis Center 132.9 our good time versus National tuners coming up on 225 knots indicated AirSpeed breakout 5779 climbing maintenance level three one up to Fly level three one zero breaker 57.79 this is just 379 or do it like one five thousand on a heading of zero nine zero number three seven Niners Juliet Mike Memphis International number three zero two one expect on course in about four minutes three zero two one all right now at three uh 230 knots indicated air speed and still increasing this gives us a true airspeed of about uh 299 12 o'clock in uh five miles eastbound climbing at one one down for one five thousand the Malibu now at this altitude we've got 53 knots of uh direct Tailwind or I didn't hear all that close uh something close to that anyway that's got us a ground speed up 346 knots nautical miles away from uh Knoxville airport or I should say McGee Tyson Airport it's actually in Alcoa Tennessee but we refer to it as Knoxville it is uh where Cirrus Aircraft has a uh large campus there where they have fight training uh Vision Jet Center as well as aircraft maintenance and delivery and they keep their some of their Fleet aircrafts there and they do uh new aircraft deliveries there as well so a lot going on in Alcoa Tennessee for a rival Landing Zone okay all right so it looks like uh went up with about 237 knots of indicated AirSpeed gives us a true air speed of 296 knots and a ground speed of 350 knots some of you guys might uh wonder what the difference is between those three indicated AirSpeed is the speed in which the pedo static system of the aircraft detects the speed to be of the aircraft and we look at that because the speed in which the aircraft will stop Flying or will stall associated with 4.6 indicated airspeed and uh in some configurations in the vision jet it's as slow as about 70 to 73 knots so that's that you guys eight by three true AirSpeed true air speed is an indication of the aircraft's airspeed based upon atmospheric conditions the duration of the plate the slower the ground speed the longer the flight the faster the ground speed the faster the fight in other words we're covering more distance if we're going faster so um well we look at in Flight is our true AirSpeed and then our ground speed here check volunteer thanks I enjoyment all right yeah correct and tab so again we pay attention to indicated AirSpeed because that tells us when we're gonna enter the regime where the aircraft might install but we also pay attention to True AirSpeed and ground speed as we're in the cruise phase of flight because those are determining factors in terms of fight time remaining and so the way the math works on that is you take your true air speed you look at any headwind or Tailwind components either add or subtract that and not come up with a ground speed again now we have about 57 knots of Tailwind there's also a little bit of a quartering left wind uh crosswind as we fly uh but uh that Tailwind combination has given us a ground speed of 352 knots compared to an indicated airspeed of 236 knots outside air temperature shown to be minus 10 degrees Celsius which gives us a chili 14 degrees uh fight time in Knoxville's got about 17 minutes remaining or 100 nautical miles two seven zero 53 24. we're looking at our fuel tanks fuel tanks remain balanced all the engine instruments look good everything looks normal so we'll look at Waypoint information from the McGee Tyson Airport we're going to start loading frequencies we're going to get our Adis information loaded into com2 active and then we're going to go to ground control and put in com2 standby and uh in a little bit we should be able to pick up the anus information be able to do that pretty soon in the meantime we'll read off current weather in Knoxville number seven cross four zero miles east of Nashville at 19 11 000 National Commercial Windsor 2-60 at 10. visibility 10 miles scattered clouds at 2 900 feet broken clouds at 25 000 feet temperature six dew point minus one optometer 3016 number three calls my contact natural cook from 100.35 one Runway you can certainly look at Runway information Runway uh two three right is gonna be a 10 000 foot Runway 250 feet wide surface and then we have Runway two three left nine thousand feet and 150 feet wide hard surface as well Runway two three on the left is a little bit of a better taxi for us prepared to two three right so hopefully we'll get that serious ly Bob Roger and let's uh pick up the 80s information golf time one five five three Zulu win two six zero at one zero visibility one zero Sky conditions few clouds at 2 900 ceiling two five thousand broken temperatures altimeter three zero one six it is from a land Center 133.6 336 thanks have a great day Atlanta service here 379 or Julie Mike one five thousand no three seven nine or Juliet Michael Anna Senator roster Knoxville Center three zero one six one six nine Julie nine twelve were you here visual approach Runway two three left signing and departing run away two three left and Runway two three right parting aircraft to expect Runway two three left notice the Airmen Runway two three right Glide slope out of service feedback all Runway hold short instructions and assign altitudes advise honors for contact give information golf course at one zero visibility one zero temperature six two point minus one simultaneous approaches in use the rivals expect visual approach Runway two by any end according Runway two three left and run away four thousand all right good for the 39 crosswind a 30 degree crosswind I should say 10 miles of visibility got the cloud information there's a one six down now one three thousand nine so pulse power back start this descent and roll in about 300 feet of initial bring it around to the 700 feet more to make a thousand feet of The Descent rate percent of power would be about 35 percent contact Atlanta Center one two one point three five one two one decimal three five currency because the 89 follow the Bandit Center roster 5 maintain 502 3-0 all right 13 900 feet so 900 feet to go on The Descent my contact October 22 3.9er have a great one good morning Knoxville approach Virginia 379 or Julie Michael one three thousand November 379 or Julia Mike Knoxville approach good morning sign the visual approach run 823 less 3016. we have information as well we'll plan the visual two three left three zero one six nine through the link number Niner Julia Mike this gonna maintain one zero thousand ten thousand amazing one zero thousand Angel there's our initial three hundred project seven three use caution and more Targets in the vicinity of the downtown Island airport two thousand six hundred and Below one six seven three are you ready setting two one zero intercept the running two three left localizer maintain four thousand Journal maintain four thousands actually I'm about 3860 maintain five thousand there's traffic south of your position five miles unverified oxygen indicates three thousand all right so I will maintain the five thousand and uh right turn one and four zero numbers Bravo kilo is four miles from Rocky Top and clear the eyelash run a two three left approach maintain one seven zero lost until Rocky Top take care for the iOS 30 60 and expect the vector cross final for that traffic now two o'clock and two miles Northeast down that's indicates 3600. all right we're looking you must be under the clouds number seven Charlie Hotel contact Atlanta Center 133.6 good day all righty let's go and approach uh third target three two seven Hotel Papa off uh down not cool downtown looking for flights 38-16 traffic is behind you no Factor Turn Right turning two five zero intercept the two three left localizer all right should I turn two five zeros for 38-16 normal speed normal speed up Point thirty eight sixteen eight or seven two three left serious Vision Center serious Vision Center 379 or Juliet on Charlie thanks numbers one and two looks good November 7445 Juliet contact Chattanooga approach on one two 5.1 four or five Juliet uh contact Chattanooga one two five double banana Bravo kilo turn right hitting two seven zero by heading 270 if I check seven three traffic Northeast of your position six miles Southwest on Denver inbound visual Runway two three one check uh onboard 3816 traffic one o'clock five miles mono ring King Air 2 700 inspecting the two three left localizer 3016 that buys weather and notams at uh Gatlinburg Airport hello my name Juliet Mike just gonna maintain seven thousand I'm just gonna maintain seven thousand I enjoyed Mike however banana Bravo kilo turn right hitting zero two zero zero oh boy 38 16 contact Tower one two one point two good day good day on boy uh three four brothers five hundred so number three for Rubble foxtrot Knoxville approach good morning good morning Bravo kilo turn right setting zero four four zero November 7 hotel Papa thanks for the patience when able score five one two seven and no worries uh five one two seven for seven Hotel Papa and we're at uh six thousand uh looks like maybe 10 miles now North uh Northeast of downtown November 7 hotel pop-up position and altitude checks Knoxville ultimate 3016 maintain bfr ont six and bfr uh Papa hello Juliet Mike we do speech two one zero then listen to maintain five thousand reducing the two one zero down to five thousand all right Andrew Tango you don't want the zero on the speed remember Niner Julian Mike Turner thing zero four zero left turn zero four zero all right back over to heading mode zero four zero two one zero on the speed all right procedure is going to be activate vectors to final all right 30 feet to go radar contact climb and maintain one two thousand turn right hitting three two today 285 look at that from Orlando Bravo kilo turn right setting Zero Energy do you want us on the same instructions all right that's our air temperature is uh one degree turn right Bubblegum Julia Mike turn right turning zero nine is your decision to maintain four thousand zero nine zero and down to four thousand zero nine zero and four November 132 Lima Tango contact the other Knoxville 11840 today if I check73 traffic Northeast of your position four miles Vision jet inbound Dallas two three left and if I checked November 790 Bravo kilos 90 miles from Rocky Top turn right turning two one zero maintain four thousand until episode 210 maintain four thousand clear for the iOS uh approach any one after one seven zero okay so Rocky Top for faster traffic to follow something airport site I'm Julie Mike third visual approach on 823 let's maintain one seven zero knots or great correction maintain one seven zero knots until five mile final we'll maintain uh 170 knots to a five mile final clear for the visual two coming in black slips the line Bravo volcano contact Tower one two one point two number four Tango Bravo turn left hitting zero six zero left zero six zero looks good I check seven three traffic one o'clock in five miles Vision jet descending out a four thousand for the visual on the left side November Niner Junior at Minecraft free news one o'clock in four miles Ops Direction King Air 2500 performing an inspection of the two three right localizer Rogers contact Atlanta Center one three three point six good day one tree three point six all right you need Mike Tower went to 1.2 get there no return thanks have a great one Knoxville Tower Vision job 379 or Julie Mike visual two three left division 3700 Julia Mike Knoxville Tower Number Four The Windsor 2606 custom 14 Runway two two left fair to land two three left good land number four uh they got us at 170 to 5 miles what do you want uh it's lower than that will do here number two following another Vision jet turning right in front of you about two miles right now traffic inside Mike Roger reduce the pump producing the final things hey Fox shout out to go ahead and start that j70 time as soon as you can all right 85 Fox shot just the extender downwind I'm not sure when you're going to come in for two three left there's seven or eight on Final right now send it downwind eight five five shot actually just go and make another right 360. right 360. that looks good I was a 30-51 on the visual to two three left we're doing 180 so five out and then our brother kilo goes straight out 230 hit the 30 uh nine Bravo Killer 2 30 heading I want you to go straight out two three zero heading option the two three left three thumb fight who else is follow me Solution 30-51 on the visual and uh I'm doing 180 until five out leaving 30 51 knocks the Tower of the Windsor two five zero six custom fourteen Runway two three left fair to land number four it's gonna land number four for two three left at least at 30 51. 9 Robert kilo 230 heading contact departure with 30 against departure Street out the mic clear low approach only oh approach only three times 500. three grain pressurization is good fully configured cleared to land actually disregard that make another right 360. I got some departures down here it's gonna have slow times I'm gonna have to get them out of here before you come in I'm not ideally my turn left uh your discretion and the ground Point Niner please about right there you can go ahead and make a right 360. program uh manager Mike alpha alpha alpha five for the serious sir well that's cool uh so foreplay fuel planning uh and uh our anticipated uh arrival or fuel on destination was uh planned out to be 160 gallons we end up having a really long taxi and startup time over at the John C tune airport due to a delay with our ATC clearance so we've landed uh looks like with 153 gallons pretty happy with that and it amazes me almost every single fight um the fuel planning that comes out of a foreflight is uh exceptionally accurate you know within uh five gallons or so so pretty cool so we've landed at the Knoxville airport the McGee Tyson Airport got a taxi over to the um Cirrus Vision Center and let's talk to them Vision Center visit Center 379 Juliet Mike you know Charlie I'm about to make the turn off Alpha everything on the left off of Charlie and uh cleared up thanks 30-51 is clearly active um Charlie Charlie the pressure is cool all right thanks a lot for coming along on this video and until next time safe flying and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Moafair [1 likes]: Hi don.  I’m learning the vision jet in the simulator and was wondering what is the correct way of calculating your decent so that I can cross waypoints at the correct altitude. 

Thanks for making these videos
  2. @bahamaslive [1 likes]: Very helpful (as always) and especially helpful to the fledgling SF-50 drivers trying to breeze through Knoxville ;)
  3. @majestic51061: Hello Don , I’m enjoying another one of your excellent videos demonstrating wireless connectivity via Foreflight 

~Mark
  4. @PapaRick68: As always Don, another good'rn
  5. @matt_waddy: Wonderful video, as always, Don! That would be an incredible facility to see in person someday. Especially being there for a delivery,

- Cirrus Vison Jet Flies Through Turbulence for Freedom Aviation Network Over Nashville 😱😲: Kind: captions Language: en go Vision jet just landed sure you heard it plus or minus 10 kns good morning departure Vision jet 379 jul M 1.5 for 3,000 and the turn to 09 0 37 ner jul Mike turn right heading 140 right turn 140 n jul mik 37 ner jul Mike turn right heading 180 right turn 180 n take off n 379 hey there bu hope you're doing well and thank you so much for coming along in this video in this video today we will show you the last 19 minutes of the flight between Elmyra New York and Nashville Tennessee as we complete the second Flight of the day for Freedom Aviation Network I will fly the ILS to Runway 20 at John C tun airport come along with us and I hope you enjoy the video flight 585 con approach on N35 1935 4. 585 have a great day always amazes me going through the tops of clouds how pretty they are I know it's always neat I never get used to it I never take it for granted I should say always amazing that's approach for fight 585 8.2 desend a 7,000 heading 270 aside 4 585 nationi approach thank thank you C direct to by call you can expect to join the final there all right direct by call flight 585 e all right 8 degrees outside so we don't have to worry about ice well at least you got chance to see a bunch of clouds today that's pretty cool yeah I always find it really exciting the shapes they made yeah these have been decent uh for us sometimes kind like this shake you around like like oh my God I just want this to be done you know hopefully they stay kind yeah vertical track 585 descend and maintain at 3,000 desc and maintain 3,000 4.58 approach Southwest 538 with you 12.4 be the chesne 2 we have Romeo we're set up for the AR Zulu two right if it's Southwest 5308 Nashville appro I will put that on request with the next controller if that doesn't work out it'll be the ILS for 20 all right thank you sir American 3086 contact approach 24.75 1 24 75 American 3086 see for flight 585 Cross by call at or above 2700 clear the ISS two approach Cross by call at 2,700 or above clear the the ILS Runway two approach 4 FL 585 well raining in [Music] N airvac 9's with you 1,820 mi to the South inbound for St Thomas west uh with information 0120 AAC ner nille approach ident nille 2 ner ner six and where you where you say your bound to again 2 ner ner six and inbound for St Thomas west a thank you your contact 22 miles Southwest of Nashville Airport maintain a VFR the Nashville 299 6 299 6 W for air9 and National Vision J 613 hot k just off 29 The Heading 3000 613 to kilo nashille approach ident nashille 2 N ner 96 Vision J 3 Hotel ker R contact 3 miles west of John T airport clim and maintain 12 12,000 12 12,000 3 Hotel kilo fing 250 2 talk hello Nashville approach front 3079 1 10,000 descending via the Ryman to South with Romeo FL 379 fa approach expect the approach Runway 2 Z right we'll do frer flight 379 clear direct to Hickory descend and maintain 5,000 to Hickory down to 5000 3079 four flight 585 contact John T Tower one ner point 4 five good it over Tower four flight 585 J Tower Syma 737 golf is going to be short two 737 Johns to good afternoon on departure make right close traffic Runway two cleared four takeoff close traffic two Z clear for takeoff 737 go John two tower for plight 585 2700 just inside a b call the ILS 20 FL 585 John C good afternoon report a Four Mile final forway two 0 report 4 miles forway 2 4 585 all right three land locked all righty there's an airport up there somewhere Tower Metro 2 taxi Charlie ready uh to depart and remain left close Metro to Roger taxway Charlie cleared for takeoff think left close traffic take offic Tower 585 come up on a Four Mile final 4 flight 5 85 Roger Runway two clear two land two clear land four flight 585 do s tra follows a vision jet on about a 3 Mile funnel all right follow Vision jet 3 go just verify you have traffic inside are you doing full stop tax backs or touch and go we'll be doing touch and go and still scan for that traffic got that Vision number two Runway two Z clear for the option two two for the option 500 all right three green pressure is good fully configured C land Metro 2 if you'd like the runway on this one you'll be number three following a skyw in the right base or I can give you Charlie your chice take Char Roger ta Charlie clear two land minimums minimums two white and two red that looks good 585 turn left when able did you have any win on funnel I think I did I got a probably uh 10 knots a loss I guess that was short funnel yeah about 200 so appreciate contact Point thanks lot just landed sure you heard it plusus honey ground four plate 585 Alpha 3 for the uh cont R 585 John parking Al Romeo 4 Alp Romeo 585 all right welcome back to Nashville thank you so much oh my goodness I don't know how we can ever express just how grateful we are for everything you guys do well I appreciate you coming along I think uh it takes a village right so you're an important part of it until next time safe flying and we'll see you on the next flight thank you so much for watching this video don't forget to like share and subscribe to the channel click on the notification Bell so you'll be the first to be notified when new video content is posted and I can't thank you enough for your questions comments and feedback until next time safe flying and we'll see you on the next flight

  Top Comments:
  1. @KK4NQQ [1 likes]: Another great video.  Perfect for morning coffee this morning.
  2. @matt_waddy: It's wonderful that they were able to enjoy the flight and appreciate skating through the clouds. Always a treat, especially when it doesn't feel like riding in a paint shaker at Home Depot.
  3. @Shaneepe1: Thanks for taking us along! Happy thanksgiving!

- Trading My Cirrus SR22 for a Cirrus Vision Jet or a Cessna Airplane?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right here we are heading to Montgomery Gibbs airport here in San Diego where my airplan has been hanger the last couple years I've been asked to kind of do a walk through of my airplanes so we're going to do a walkr walk around of my Sirrus Sr 22 turbo I bought it a couple years ago I'm going to show you the things that I like about my Cirrus I'm going to show you some things that I don't like about the Cirrus and for those of you who are looking to buy one this will kind of give you a little bit more insight for those who just want to see a cool airplane I'm going to talk about the avionics I'm going to talk about just the cool features it has and the things that if I was buying an airplane that I would want to see or if someone was showing me their airplane that I would want to kind of know so I started flying a couple years ago decided to buy an airplane I could have gone with like cesna 182 or something like that but I wanted something bigger I wanted something faster I wanted something safer and so the interesting thing is I never flew a c 182 I never flew a piper never flew anything smaller than a Cirrus Airplane I did fly a little bit on a SR20 before I bought my 22 the 20 is definitely a lot slower it is I think pretty much the same airplane it's just a different engine and a lot smaller less horsepower so anyway I wanted to show you the SR22 turbo I think it's a great airplane again it has some things that may not be the best and that's why I'm actually looking to upgrade so if you've seen some of my other videos or if you haven't go check them out I'm actually looking to upgrade to a cirrus jet or something of that nature but the SR22 will do its job for small trips so I'll probably keep this for small trips and I'm also going to talk about on the video later on how I actually use this airplane to not only make money but also save money as well so I'm glad you guys are tagging along we'll take a look and uh thanks for spending the next a little bit with me so hope you guys enjoy the ride all right here at Coast Aviation if you guys are looking for a flight school in San Diego or Southern California this is the place to go they are also great at managing airplanes I've had my airplane here for about 2 years now the staff is great customer service is great definitely not the cheapest for the mechanics and the uh maintenance and things of that nature but if you value service and everybody here is just super friendly and super easy to work with this is the place to go all right one of the things I uh liked about this plane is just the way that it looks you know honestly it doesn't look like a million doll airplane if someone would have told me three years ago like showed me a picture and said this is a million-dollar airplane I'd be like you're crazy but any which way it is what it is so uh here's the outside one thing that I like about I don't know if this is just on the turbo but instead of having a hole that you suck to um test the um stall warning this is a stall warning indicator so all you got to do is just kind of push the tab when you test it so something that's kind of nice and we'll walk around we'll uh get in the plane here so here's the uh baggage compartment it's um actually got it it doesn't look very big but it's got quite a bit of room in it you can actually fit probably two decent size carry-ons and maybe another bag or um gosh at least four five or maybe even six different like little bags don't mind the mess kind of all scattered there is these uh Wheels here if you're in a regular airplane it takes a while to turn but you can actually literally like barely moving you can actually turn the airplane so if you're in like you know going up for um you know kind of lining up to um kind of do your runup you can literally just like swing rather than having to like kind of turn and go like that so another big advantage of having a cirrus I think they're LEDs if I'm not mistaken but just some uh nice nice lights here got your uh pedo tube of course everything else if you know about airplanes pretty uh pretty self-explanatory but look at those Lamborghini doors those are pretty cool pretty slick not necessarily needed in an airplane but something that's pretty cool all right let's take you inside all right cool here we are inside the airplane um one thing love is the side stick not a lot of planes have this um but you have the uh you know the buttons here that you can uh talk to the tower you've got your autopilot disconnect you've got your trim which is very nice just to have that all right here and just it kind of feels like I don't know I don't play video games really but it just kind of like seems like almost like a video game here and I just love not having a yoke here I've actually never interesting enough never flown an airplane with a yolk so I can't tell you big difference between the two but I can tell you that if I had a Yol here it would I don't know I would just kind of feel weird but obviously I'm going to upgrade airplanes um probably to like maybe a Phenom and actually an eclipse 550 and a cirrus jet do have the side stick so that' be cool if um I continue uh with the side stick uh so there's a lot of room here man I'll tell you I'll see if I can't do a video back in the back but I mean I'm pushed all the way back and look how much I feel like I could go back a little further no I guess that's it but man if you're like I don't I know even 69 I bet you well you might hit the top here but um if you're a big guy you could probably fit here pretty well you've got your two MFD and PFD panels the main display here got your air speeds it's got your altitude it's got most of your main features here which is really cool and easy to use you also have your weight and balance in here you can do um just you know again one of the reasons I bought this airplane was the uh Automation and the avionics you've got oxygen so if you need oxygen you can just flip that button on and there's a thing up here to to put your oxygen can Alla into you got your I don't know if you can see up here you've got your caps handle so um one of the reasons that I bought this airplane that I was uh comfortable with flying was actually because of the parachute so anybody over 600 ft from what I understand that has pulled the parachute has actually survived so 600 ft is uh the minimum altitude they say for a turbo I think a turbo is a little bit heavier for an SR20 and I think a SR22 it's like 500 ft AGL caps handle here if you ever have an emergency up above that all you do is power out and then you pull 50 PBS of pressure on this handle here and the uh parachute deploys and um hopefully you come down safe uh for a landing you've got all of your autopilot stuff here so you've got your flight level change your vertical speed Change vnav alterer setting here and you also have one up top here as well so either the passenger can do it or the uh co-pilot can do it or you can do it you've got the comms so it actually has Cirrus XM in here which is kind of cool so you can listen to that into your headphones um and you can program it to where someone's talking the uh the music comes off obviously you've got your uh flaps down here um you've got your touch screen here so if you ever want to program a an airport into here one of the great features in here is you can also just type so if you type in the airboard uh k a m YF so I'll just throw one in there you can actually select on there and it'll actually pull up all of the radio settings so you don't have to actually know the radio settings you can go in here you can actually pull up the map so all of the maps of the airports are in here as long as it's updated which is super cool it kind of makes it uh makes it really easy you got your ignition over here um you got your left mag and your right mag that of course you test every time you fly this is a turbo which means that when you're at higher altitudes instead of the engine kind of starving for air because of how thin the air is up top it actually flies as if it's pretty much ground level that's one of the reasons I got this plane is so that I could fly like up in the mountains for instance if you're taking off you're not worried about performance or anything of that nature so if you're trying to clear mountains and things of that it's not a big issue um the other thing it has here is the FI system so right here you just turn the uh fi on you can have it at normal you can have it at high you can you can Max it out you can put basically fi is fly and no ice so there's actually liquid that comes out of the front of the wing that deices the plane and then you can also hit this button here for the windshield which is uh cool if you get ice on the windshield you just hit this and deicing comes up on the windshield and actually melts the ice which makes it much safer I don't say super safe but yeah I guess call it super safe but definitely much safer to fly so one of the things that um I was kind of scared of is going up into weather and all of a sudden get icing when you're not expecting it so with this you can actually just turn the system on and it should de I the plane as long as you're not too thick into ice um everything should melt away and you should be good to go one thing I love is just being able to zoom in and out on the screen and just kind of like see all of your runways you know when you're up in the air you can see all the planes around you um you you got all kinds of Warning Systems if you're getting too close to an airplane you know you have all the little things up here like distance to to where you want to go you can uh see up here you can see distance uh that you have to go time when you arrive at your destination you have your you know your speeds over here you have some of your com settings so if this display actually goes out some of this will transfer over here and vice versa so you kind of have backup displays you got your uh air conditioning which is awesome especially right now people flying right now that it's really hot in fact I've got the door closed without the air conditioning on uh and it's actually getting really hot in here um so it's nice to have air conditioning um you've got your circulation you can actually put the heat on as well and just like a car it's got it different features on where the uh the air blows so it's got um a fan here and then when you're flying and it's hot it's got one here as well um that keeps you nice and cool and actually two down here as well almost forgot about those then you have your backup system here so if uh your displays fail um you've got your system here to kind of see where your attitude is is and elevation and speed and all that kind of good stuff and here's one feature that I really love is the level feature so if you ever get in clouds and you don't have the autopilot on which you know if you're in Cloud you probably want the autopilot on but for some reason you're hand flying and all a sudden you hit some clouds you get disoriented there's this blue level button right here that you hit and it just levels the plane and keeps you level um another cool safety feature is that when you Bank too hard any which way if you get too far it's actually going to nudge you back so literally like I don't want to say you can't spin this airplane but I think based on like the stall warning indicator and just the safety features and the warnings and things like that like it would be really hard to bank too hard and to actually stall the airplane knock on wood of course down here below you've got your um your fuses so it's kind of nice to just have your fuses right here um of course if something happens you have to kind of look down and and kind of pay attention to the fuses down here but um nonetheless you you've got them right here accessible to kind of see if something happen here of course you got your fire extinguisher if you need it you got some cup holders if you're planning on getting a cirrus um you might look at getting aftermarket cup holders cuz these are kind of flimsy and I don't really use them much so it's not a big deal to me you got your visors here you ever get some sun in your eyes you got some nice visors here oh and another thing you got here is your airbag um I think these are airbag seat belts so if the plane actually um you know hits gets impact an airbag will actually slight out of these I think don't quotee me on that I haven't really looked into that much but uh any which way these uh that's kind of cool and then uh these actually strap over you so it's actually pretty comfortable to have the seat belt over the top of you um in a cirrus jet you actually just have like a car seat belt which is actually more comfortable to be honest with you but nonetheless um I think they still did a good job of Designing it to where if you do have to pull the parachute which I guess in a seir jet you could do that too that you're you're nice and uh nice and tight in and you're not going to um jar too much and then also the uh seats here you can kind of hear a crinkle when I come up and down well maybe you can't but I can um so that that that's kind of interesting because this will actually absorb the impact as well and I think there's something else in here that kind of helps absorb the impact but I I I can't remember exactly what it is so real quick I'm going to show you guys back here you see how much room there is so like I'm try and bring the camera over here like I'm all the way scooted back and you can kind of see where there's just a ton of room back here right so they do say that this is U made for or kind of a three-seater in the back but honestly it's really like two normal people if you have two kids an adult you could probably fot them back there all right I got to open the door now cuz it is getting really hot in here so hopefully the sound doesn't bother you too much oh and then just some other Basics honestly again I've never flown a 182 or anything else um kind of below this a step below this um but some cool things I mean you've got your gas here that that reads you got your flow gallons per hour so when you're in Flight it's got the green here too so if you um you've got your mixture here which you know I don't think there's many single engine planes or I don't know if there's any single engine piston planes that have the uh fuel mixture you can uh put the fuel mixture up in the green so that you're kind of in the in the area you want it to for performance we got your power settings of course you've got your we we're plugged into power right now as you probably saw from the outside but you have your power settings here um you've got your engine heat just to make sure that you're not overheating on your on your engine here oh and here's the map that I was telling you about so we're at K uh kmf so you can see um all of the different information here the asau your ground your coms and all that kind of stuff you can see your taxi ways so as long as you have this downloaded for the area you're flying in you can actually pull up the maps and kind of see where you're going and and all of that good stuff and it actually displays on the screen as an actual map and shows you where you are in relation to that so that's super cool oh and one of the last things I'll say is um if you're wanting to do a uh instrument approach you can do that on here again I'm not familiar with system 182 and some of the um some of the other um you know smaller airplanes but I know a lot of them don't have very Advanced avionics so once I get instrument raded which will be some time I can still do an instrument approach on here so I can program it set it up um have it do the flight level changes kind of all that good stuff so again if I'm you know in the clouds which I'm not instrument rated but typically I have an instrument rated pilot with me we can do an instrument approach with this system and again I've never flown an airplane without these avionics but I can tell you that um I probably would not want to fly an airplane without these avionics just because it's so Advanced it's so automated so many different safety features it just seems to make sense now not everybody has a million dollars to buy an airplane I understand that um you can actually to get one of these used um probably 10 to 15 years old for closer to like 300,000 maybe 500,000 I think from what I understand like 22s probably 300,000 is the bottom you can get for a plane like this for an SR20 which is the same airplane but less like smaller engine less horsepower all that good stuff I think very similar avionics um you could probably get a little bit lower than that maybe like couple hundred 100,000 for a pretty used one uh and even the brand new sr20s I think are like still probably around 7 100,000 so overall super happy with this plane so I told you there was some things that I don't like about this plane I would say the only downfall to this airplane is that if you're looking to carry a lot with you this is may not be the plane for you there's actually smaller less horsepower airplanes like um Mooney I think is one of them where you can sit four people and you can even sit maybe six people and just carry a lot more uh because the engine and everything this has so heavy it doesn't allow you to carry as many people so I'll give you an example I went to um and I'll put a link up here if you want to check it out I flew to Catalina Island last year for my birthday and it was me a co-pilot which again I always have a safety pilot with me just that's the way I do things um I feel like if you can afford to have a safety pilot with you you do it uh or if you have someone that's just wanting to get hours having someone with you just makes a lot of sense um I had my son and his car seat he was 4 years old at the time and my wife and some baggage and we weren't quite maxed out um and we didn't go very far we were only like halfway with fuel and it was only like a 45 minute flight um so if we would have gone the max distance with just us four in it basically three and A2 people it probably would have only been able to go 2 hours maybe three max so that's one of the reasons that I'm planning to upgrade to an new airplane or add on it I should say to a new airplane um is because of that is because like if we want to do this and do a longer trip we have to stop multiple times and that kind of thing so if you're flying by yourself and you're filling up with fuel you can actually go a pretty good distance um I think they say thousand is the uh max distance this can go with one person full fuel I think you could probably get close to that I think I've heard of people doing yeah I think a little over a th uh a th000 nautical miles I can't remember if I said feet but I if I said feet I meant nautical miles and that's the other reason that I that I started with this airplane a Cessna 182 um I can't remember it goes like 100 knots Cruise speed maybe a little less than 100 knots um this will fly 180 to 200 knots Max um is what they say I've been 210 220 in this uh which equates to about 250 mph which is really cooking um and that's in a tailwind and and uh and really good condition so so that's what I've got for you guys thanks for coming along for the ride here and it wasn't really a ride but you know what I'm saying um overall love the serus I think it's a great airplane it's got a lot of great a avionics it's got a lot of great safety features if you want to fly High far and fast in a single engine piston this is probably the way to go um there are some that go a little further and carry more weight like I said but if you can afford an airplane like this I think this is the way to go so actually I do want to say one of the reasons I bought this airplane was for tax purposes not only is it fun to own an airplane and um that kind of thing but I actually save quite a bit of money when I'm flying per hour but I also save money on taxes and I also make money on this airplane so if you want to learn how to do that go watch a couple of these videos that I'm going to put here in the end and you can check out out me flying a cirrus Vision jet for the first time that I put on order in the at the end of this video as well I'll put that video there too so thanks again for coming along like And subscribe if you like this I'm going to put out more videos of airplanes um that I'm checking out on this channel so I hope you come along for the ride with me I just started this Aviation Journey not too long ago and I love sharing it documented it and inspiring others to not only um get their pilots license which I've had a lot of people reach out to me and say I've encouraged them to get their pilot's license but also to think big and know that it's possible to own an airplane like this I actually put this on my vision board uh I actually put a jet on my vision board about 10 years ago not knowing where I was going with it um and then I ended up buying this airplane and I'm looking at buying a u a jet here in the near future probably in the next uh 12 to 18 months so again thanks for coming along for the ride and we'll see you on the next video as I started walking out I saw all of the uh cuses here I didn't realize they had so many cuses here so check these out as the end of the video

  Top Comments:
  1. @JustPlaneSilly [5 likes]: too many jump cuts. Makes it hard to watch.
  2. @rodrigopontes7332 [3 likes]: I couldn’t finish the video .. there was so many jumps cuts it was hard to watch, so I am not sure the outcome of the video
  3. @RMK67 [1 likes]: My only dislike of the Cirrus, and I'm currently flying the SR20 (and looking at buying the SR22 G7), is the fuse panel - wishing it could be on the centre console for ease when doing the pre-flight, or being able to access easily during flight. Great vlog
  4. @FlyingNDriving [1 likes]: I sense an audit in your future
  5. @TonyJavierTV: See me fly a Cirrus Jet for the first time - https://youtu.be/_1H6K-LgqPE?si=ZPBP17UStT5_v82w

Also how I saved $300,000 in taxes on my Cirrus SR 22T - https://youtu.be/xC8duUX2MAw?si=l1pN3hWROucXRXwh
  6. @MarceloMendes-i1i: Nice video!!
  7. @CliffordTheCowboyCloser: Thanks brother! very informational
  8. @skibxskatic: points at the altitude selector. calls it an altimeter setting. then points at the barometer knob.
  9. @cj99cj991: How many hours did you have when you purchased the 22T and how difficult was the learning curve being a low time pilot?  Likewise, how expensive was insurance initially and how many hours did they require that you log w a CFI prior to solo use?
  10. @Thegr8iam-p7t: When picking a jet you need to answer the questions. What is my mission, what is the priority of me arriving at my destination without delay, what is my yearly budget that I can spend without sacrificing anything personal. Now if your answer leads you to a jet, obviously you know there is many jets that will lead you to a satisfactory conclusion. But caution the turbo prop aircraft is Not going to be comparable to the twin jets category. Mostly because of the service ceilings and mission capabilities. So if you want a turbo prop aircraft then that’s another video.

- Aero-TV:  Avionics Tip of the Week - Understanding an Avionics System Annual: Kind: captions Language: en bill it's time to pay the piper we are at the end of january we have completed our first full year of ownership on our sr 22 g3 turbo we have beat it up pretty good wrote it hard put it up wet this was the year we upgraded to r9 and you folks did a magnificent job on an absolutely flawless install but now it's time for the annual let's talk about avionics issues when it comes to annual i mean the typical guy looks like an annual is this you know once a year you know checkbook uh destroyer when in fact there's a extraordinary opportunity here for just good safe flying sure and actually the newer airplanes it's still as relevant as the older airplanes i definitely like to check to make sure antennas all sealed up because as over time the sealant degrades around antennas that becomes a big issue when it comes to communication or lack thereof navigation problems or in this case gps problems the other bigger part of it is as far as turning things on actually ends up being software revision levels and ads that are due for that for that level of work now your responsibility as a technician in this regard in an annual let's talk about what has to be done versus what may be recommended and how to tell the difference and also to do some proper jurisprudence if you will in regards to choosing those things that are recommended and should be done anyway well the difference between things that should be done and the things that have to be done if there's not an ad do on it or if there's not a mandatory service bulletin due by whichever manufacturer of the equipment that i'm working on it really ends up being up to the pilot to the owner and uh nine times out of ten uh when i start well you know i'll point out a few things that you know you might want to start looking at this you know what i actually had a problem with that i'm getting some static in my headset that i didn't get before or are my reception starting to leave me before i was before i had got clear for another 100 miles or so so i mean it ends up being something that most of the time they're they're really happy to find out that there are some things that they could address arrow tv is brought to you by cirrus design's vision sj50 single-engine personal jet offers exceptional fuel efficiency flexible seating for up to seven advanced avionics and all the cirrus safety features you expect including the cirrus airframe parachute system with its retail design the cirrus vision is technologically advanced yet engineered to be simple to fly to allow owner pilots more lifestyle pursuits than any other personal aircraft learn more about the vision sj50 at cirrusdesign.com

- Wireless Updating | Perspective+ Avionics: Kind: captions Language: en using the database concierge feature available with Garmin pilot you can download and store databases ahead of time and then transfer them wirelessly to your perspective plus avionics if you've previously paired your device via bluetooth to the flight stream 510 it will be recognized automatically and paired but if you haven't yet paired your device then you'll need to make the flight stream 510 discoverable for pairing by displaying the connects setup page on the MFD to display this page turn the large FMS knob to access the aux page group then use the small FMS knob to select the connects setup page anytime this page is displayed the flight stream 510 is discoverable to pair with your mobile device open the Bluetooth settings on your device and select flight stream 510 verify the passkey matches and then select pair with your mobile device Bluetooth connected and the Garmin pilot app open the Garmin Connect system automatically recognizes any available databases stored within database concierge once these pending updates are verified the flight stream 510 begins to broadcast the Wi-Fi network that provides the heavy lifting needed for the wireless database transfer the Wi-Fi network is password protected so if it's your first time connecting to the network return to the connect setup page on the MFD where you'll find the network password listed in the Wi-Fi window and then go ahead and enter it into your device so although there's a few extra steps when you connect your device for the first time any future connections are pretty seamless as all that'll really be required is to select the network from within network settings on your device and the system's should recognize each other without needing to enter the password again so with your device connected to the flight stream 510 Wi-Fi network all that remains is to acknowledge that you'd like to proceed with the update and then go ahead and monitor the transfer on the MFD database page and within your Garmin pilot app by selecting connect and then database concierge once the transfer is complete restart the system using the bezel key aligned with restart or you can go ahead and manually restart the system by cycling aircraft power after the avionics system restarts head back to the aux database page and verified the database effective dates are accurate ensuring current and accurate databases is critical to every flight as it guarantees you'll have the most up-to-date information expired database information will display on the system startup page in amber text to alert you of the required update and when an update is needed the once arduous task is replaced with a few quick steps that will have you up in the air with the most current information in a matter of mere minutes [Music]

- Phenom 300 Maintenance.  48 month inspection.: Kind: captions Language: en ah we gonna do a little flying today no this is a video about some nitty gritty so we've got a 48 month inspection combined with a 600 hour inspection with airplanes weight off wheels got some hydraulic set hooked up airplanes on jacks come back here obviously the airplane is on weight off wheels engine cowling is off this kind of stuff will get touched up as well but the big one maintenance is all the flight controls are off there's actually a a d now where they're gonna where they're going to redo the ballast and all the flight controls now that is something that rare's taken care of but they say it's 120 hours of labor and this kind of shows you this is like the trim tab actuator obviously here you've got the flaps some neat stuff here you got some jack shafts that power of the flaps here's a speed brake with the hydraulic actuating system pretty neat system again there's another flap jack shaft in there speed brake that's where the hydraulics serviced so they can run the gear up and down flaps and anything that is hydraulic this is just a hydraulic cart got to make sure wherever you take it embraer for maintenance that they have the hydraulic fluid and a cart available for them where it uses different hydraulic fluid and beechcraft and cessna products there's the engine and it's a maintenance close again you can see the tail the rudder rudder's gone the tail cones gone they're off for maintenance it doesn't show up very well there but the the elevator flight controls are off this kind of shows you some of the different systems here this is what your flight controls look like this would be the elevator there's another elevator back here sorry about the camera swing you got a rudder there's a tail cone so since we're doing this over christmas and new year's it will take about three weeks otherwise it'll be about a two-week project but here's some of these panels that come down see up in there different actuators pretty good access so this is just a maintenance video on what we're doing like i said it's a 48 month inspection a 600 hour inspection which we we fly about 300 hours a year so we do the 600 hour inspection every other year we're about 40 hours short but we're not going to put the plane down again in a couple months and we also have the aed for the flight so hope you enjoyed it i think it's just an interior video of it in the shop but when you go to the restroom with phenom you may or may not realize all the electrical bulkhead stuff behind you a lot of the very important electrical stuff is behind the restroom in the phenom so we got the floor pulled up there just at least the carpet pulled up i said i don't get it dirty let's give you a quick walk around this is after last video where they started the maintenance they're done with the hydraulic just come around here oh my controls are still off they're doing a ballast adan this would have because old flight chose a ballast these probably ran just to check on that ground speed brake flaps there's the engine found its street closed here'd be your flight controls that's an elevator tell by the counterweight here i believe this is what the replacing there is ballast again there's the other one that there's what they're doing could you look at the tail without the actual elevator the rudder or the cone which as you come up to the engine giraffe battery that's the battery that does all the starting well those would be the new ones i want to be the old ones not sure if they put it in or not yet you get about a year from these batteries that's what we've been getting so that's the phenom in the air on jax some of you might be asking well what's a jack point why is a jack there phenom does put a jack point here but it's not for weight off wheels it's back basically changing the tire if you have a flat tire where they don't have specialty jacks you can use a ball uh bottle jack there get one lane off the ground and replace the tire that's what that is there for normal jacking you have jack point just giving you a little added bonus of flying in iowa we just pulled it out we're fueling and we'll get going here real quick plane's cold soaked enough shouldn't have any snow stick to it we'll check before we take off see we're walking in this fresh powdery snow ah i just love flying in the winter foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @heater1blackbird130 [1 likes]: I actually work at the Embraer factory in Melb Florida !!!
  2. @benmartz3405 [1 likes]: I love your vlogs. Very informative for someone with no license. I love the jets. So sexy.
  3. @SergioSilva-zc6id [1 likes]: Welcome back! It's good to see you here - for a moment I thought the channel had been abandoned. One question: how long did it took the plane to be ready from the moment it was left on the shop and all repairs/inspections done? I won't ask about the pricing though (don't want to know)...
  4. @castian7208 [1 likes]: Hello, have you changed your RAM AIR VALVE? Our phenom have 2000fh and overheat cabin appears in cas while flying, the flapper from RAV was broken, do a borescope inspection to check yours, saludos.
  5. @golfbike: Wow
  6. @advancedaircraft: Fantastic
  7. @larrygarot8909: You OK??

It's been a long time and miss your vids.
  8. @topofthegreen: I’m becoming a huge fan of this little jet.
  9. @Alhambra1966: Very interesting, thanks for offering us something so unusual to see.
  10. @patrickmorrissey8754: I can’t get enough of videos on a jet being worked on.  Every  system no matter how small is interesting.  How many A&Ps worked on the plane at any one time?

Patrick from Albuquerque
  11. @jpbarker437: im a tall pilot. do you think a 6'7" tall pilot could fin in the phenom 300 cockpit?
  12. @angelreading5098: Thank you for a very interesting video,some in depth work going on there in your immaculate shop,I do not know a lot about the Phenom but it appears to be a popular biz jet.
  13. @moacyrjetpilot: Hi, Capt, how’s going? Hope the guys at maintenance shop have “Eagle-eyes and surgeon hands” while dealing with your plane! BTW: how many landings do you (usually) do until main tires replacement? Congrats, fr Brazil! 👍🇧🇷
  14. @alessio272: Your video are interesting by just the content you post. I like how you integrate all the intricacies of the charters business including the maintenance. Now I fully understand why your company would charge $28k for a round trip business charter out somewhere in California from Iowa. I can now somewhat infer that profits are very marginal compared to the gross revenue of a charter company.
  15. @nowayoutstp4: I just said I loved flying in the snow ❄️ today on a medevac 😂 been a slow snow year for Montucky!
  16. @peternelson8861: I enjoy your family and farming videos as well as your flying videos, cheers.
  17. @Realflight1986: Just saw your channel! Your video's are very well done/explained. I take it you operate single pilot? Good to see another fellow Phenom 300 pilot in Iowa!
  18. @Vendetta14: Thanks and nice to see you again. What was the control surface advisory about?
  19. @jsvadj: Long time.. how's that bleed issue went on? 
A job that i never like doing, rebalancing the flight controls surfaces! but either way i am an avionics guy.. :) 
Keep the videos coming!

- Flexjet Phenom 300 has HYDRAULIC FAILURE | Diverts to Atlanta for Longer Runway: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] up run a couple of checklists so we'll take a heading and uh 3 000 feet that worked for you what's the 369 return that's heading 0-9 or zero departure maintain three thousand and let them know if you need any further assistance it'll be 126.97 okay we'll head over to atlanta we're going to hit a long runway we've got a hydraulic failure we could stay out here we'll climb to 5 000 we got to run two more checklists i'm on a call company and then we'll call you ready inbound we have 20 uh we've got two hours of fuel here for a shorter runway if available we're running a number 365. now we're good um we have 13 45 pounds on board no but i call this coming and let them know unable to god hold short of uh intersection uniform right now just hold for the intersection okay we'll hold you to the uniform intersection delta 1730. yeah it'll be a slight delay we got uh possibly we got an emergency coming in for and then it might take away papa so we might have to go to nine right for departure so this whole sort of uniform i'll get back to you in just a second 17 30 we'll hold here show you uniform okay so 1730 ground's got a lot of traffic taxi out and then additionally we've got fire department coming on the runway so uh just just be a slight delay there just don't want to add to the uh the traffic here for a while so and also for the uh the fire department on the runway no problem so we totally understand all right perfect just want to give you a heads up on what's going on you obviously could see it there yep sure okay ops one from the approach in proceed on runway nine left 369 do you want uh assistance from the fire vehicles to check yeah yes if we could have them uh check this out fire chief and company proceed on to runway nine left flex yet three six nines rp just confirmed two rear flat only no leaks or two three six nine you have developed a small leak in the rear uh in between the two tires unsure what the leak is we're going to stand by on starboard side right here with you down here yeah it's hydraulic all right yeah trying to get touch with signatures out of the way and get the airport back open coffee atlanta fire chief do you copy tower fire chief's trying to call you atlanta towers our face atlanta tower i believe fire chief has already cleared the field you have traffic uh the runway is nine left to you so you do what you want to do copy we're just waiting on a flick 369 developed a small leak in the rear okay so you have to sweep the runway before you open it and all that stuff right well the city is going to have to is there a lot of hydraulic fluid on the runway it's just a small leak okay atlanta power fire chief you copy party buddies advising all units returned except for our state will remain i think i was having radio issues you

  Top Comments:
  1. @VASAviation [67 likes]: Thanks to Matt for sharing his footage!! Nice catch, dude😄
  2. @bahrben [34 likes]: Legend has it the tower is still explaining the slight delay to Delta 1730.
  3. @HalfShelli [4 likes]: Everybody was so polite, professional, thorough, and understanding, I though for a moment this must have happened in Canada! ;-) Thanks Matt for the video!
  4. @chrisdiver5100 [1 likes]: Had that happen to me, manufacturer said this problem never happened before. Then it happened again a month later and the manufacturer said it never happened before.. again.. 😆
  5. @rewolff2 [1 likes]: Hey vasaviation, do you take suggestions? I would really like to hear what went on during "Southern B772 at New York on Nov 15th 2020".
  6. @alexanderdavidson7837: The controller was kinda rookie
  7. @lucaalbert8619: Which one is a safe Company net jets-flex jet
  8. @mayapapaya2129: If anybody knows, 4:56 he says "amenda that" what does it mean? Is it like Roger that and copy that?
  9. @CB-nd9ki: lmao, give him the runway with no localizer. how about the runway with no pavement as well?
  10. @undytermined: oh it flew from my home airport KCMI! i've definitely see this jet around before
  11. @mojavedesertview2764: WOW, going on 20 years ago we were told cell phones worked at what altitudes? This guy cant make a call at 3000'
  12. @bd5289: For those of you not in the midwest USA - Champaign to DeKalb is about an hour in the air (northern direction) and DeKalb to Atlanta is about 2.5 hours southeast.
  13. @prorobo: FO has a douche trying to be cool radio voice, and in a single pilot jet no less.
  14. @ThatWasLoud: Terrible audio
  15. @shreddder999: In the high speed video at the end I expected the last vehicle leaving to suddenly turn around, sweep up the oil spot with a dustpan, then turn around and catch up with the rest of the vehicles.
  16. @angryace4017: its 2020 and communication quality is this bad?
  17. @NesconProductions: Compliments to all involved and seemed the Atlanta International ground crew were extremely quick workers ;-).
  18. @mathewbateman4324: F
  19. @mytech6779: Yeah we will need a tow, can we get a tug, call our company so they can get us to a ramp, lets get off this runway so the runway can open again... == I don't want to loose these rich customers and they have places to be.
  20. @thegodofhellfire: had the same incident here at PVD earlier this year, was a pinched oring that blew the line and drained all hydraulics.

- Warren on Problems at NetJets: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you wrote that it was clear you failed us in letting netjets descend into such a condition that has recorded an aggregate pre-tax loss over the 11 years we have owned the company what specifically were the errors committed by you and the previous uh ceo what have you learned and how will you prevent such a thing from happening with any of our other businesses in the future well i probably won't uh we'll make mistakes from time to time and some of our managers may make mistakes uh and sometimes you run into conditions that are really extraordinary but the mistake the biggest mistake uh made with netjets is essentially we kept we were buying planes at prices that were fictitious in terms of the the uh price at which we would later be able to sell them and there's a certain time lapse involved in buying fractional shares i mean there's there's a lot of explanations for it but in the end we we didn't properly prepare for what was obviously happening and we lost a lot of money a good bit of which was attributable to the write down of planes which you could call as our inventory where we bought them at x and we couldn't sell them at x or 90 of x some of those were new planes that we should not have taken on and and many of them were planes coming back from owners we also let our operating costs get out of line with recurring revenues but you know i made plenty of mistakes i stayed in the textile business for 20 years and when it was i knew it was a lousy business charlie was telling me it was a lousy business in the first year the second year and uh 20 years later i woke up i was like rip van winkle i mean it was um it's kind of depressing when you think about it but we the one thing we will guarantee we will make some mistakes it was a big mistake in that yet 711 million dollars is the figure we are now operating at netjets at a very decent profit the figures you saw there on the screen reflect a pre-tax profit of well over 50 million dollars in the first quarter and that's not with any any big boom in plane sales or anything else it's just with with a business plan that involves not an iota of diminution of safety or service but just uh got things in line that needed to be in line i give david sokol an enormous credit i mean he turned that place around like nobody could have and all the shareholders here oh i'm a big boat of thanks for that charlie yes but i believe that that the episode ought to be reviewed in context if we buy 30 big businesses and generally let the people who run them successfully and before run them with very little interference from headquarters and it works out 95 of the time very well and we have one episode when the basic franchise was protected but we lost profit opportunities for a while it's not a big failure record nor does it indicate that we should stop being pretty easy with the remarkable people who join us with their companies no it is not going to does not change our management approach at all i i think that we have gotten performance overall from managers that are beyond the dreams i would have had when i was first putting this company together so it's been it's uh we let managers do their stuff oh it's worked it's worked very well for us net and we're gonna keep doing it

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephenyoungblood3683 [10 likes]: “We let managers do their stuff.”  Great leader!
  2. @CA-dr7tf [4 likes]: Well yes, it’s hard to sell a timed out excel or hawker for even 40% of its acquisition price. Glad they realized this.
  3. @Jacobsmifemoore [4 likes]: Real leaders
  4. @LMays-cu2hp [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing.
  5. @zacklansat4778 [2 likes]: What year was this from?

- VLJ Embraer Phenom Fractional Ownership by CFM & JetQuik: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Demand for air charter services grew by double digits over the past decade. Fueled by this demand, a new class of executive jets has entered the marketplace. On this edition of CFM video news, we'll talk with corporate flight CEO Alan Howell and JetQu President Bill Minkoff about the very light jet and resulting investment opportunities. Alan, first of all, what's increased the demand for charter services? Business travelers are looking for a more efficient way to travel and uh aircraft charter service delivers on that. It's it's a time multiplier. Time is money. What is corporate flight strategy to meet this demand? Our strategy is to uh become more efficient in the delivery of charter service. There's two components to uh operating aircraft. One is the acquisition cost of the aircraft and two is the uh operating cost of the aircraft. The new generation aircraft that that we look to acquire are more efficient because they are less expensive to acquire and also uh much more efficient in operating costs. Where do the VLJs fit into this strategy? The very light jet uh is is a new generation aircraft taking advantage of new technology and aeronautical design. The manufacturers are now able to produce an aircraft at a lower price and also produce an aircraft that is much more efficient with operating cost. Bill, what is JetQu? Jetqu is an organization that syndicates jet airplanes for use in the corporate flight management fleet. How does the JetQu business plan differ from NetJet and other fractional operators? JetQu differs significantly in that owners don't have time cards to buy and owners don't necessarily need to ride in their investment. Are there other differences? the idea that owners themselves can or cannot ride in the airplane, but that owners can have other folks ride in their airplane and earn income when they're not using it themselves. Well, give us a profile of a JetQu investor if you can. JetQu investors are people from the local community who are professionals and business owners. They are people who appreciate the time value that a jet aircraft can bring to them. For further information on JetQuick investment opportunities, contact Bill Menoff at 615-350102 or email bill.mencojetquick.com. For CFM video news, I'm Bill Bryson.

- Flight Control: Kind: captions Language: en i would say that no day is ever the same it's kind of like christmas you really never know what you're going to get flight control is we're kind of the last stop between scheduling and the actual operations we're kind of that bridge we are scheduling requests that come in and the day-to-day operations of airshare in our planes whenever the pilot is calling the error share they're usually calling us and we're the ones answering the phones and then the problem solvers if something happens i think you have to be really good at critical thinking being able to have things thrown at you and then work through the processes i'd say the culture of our department's really collaborative and it's reflective of you know the company as a whole everyone's very very friendly everyone's talkative everyone will say hi to you you know we like to joke around in the office too it's a good quality friendly environment that i enjoy you'll work with a lot of good people a lot of good benefits and you know a lot of opportunity for you know career advancement and growth it's very encouraging like knowing that the company actually wants you to progress they want to make sure that you're happy and you're with the company and they want to help you out however they can in your life you

- Never Done Before Dassault Falcon 7x Full Interior Refurbishment: Kind: captions Language: en it has a heart I want to get [Music] back you has a heart the very problem itself is fake I want to get back agenda has a heart and the Very problem itself is back push their own agenda you has a heart

  Top Comments:
  1. @kirknorris9873 [6 likes]: Love a Dassault Falcon. Beautifully done interior. I wonder how long it takes to do this..??
  2. @hermestrismegiste8825 [1 likes]: Alors François ? On est bien dedans ?
  3. @cruise35able: "I've never seen such beautiful interior design in a biz jet before! Wow, I wonder how much the budget was for that interior."
  4. @Ukosa1978: The empire State company limited corporation Building 🎉
  5. @HighaliXander-id1tq: And i am for eight for never done too.

- The Falcon 8X: Why Billionaires Still Choose It Over Newer Jets: Kind: captions Language: en What if the key to true luxury isn't always the newest, but the one that's built to last? In a world where aviation technology is constantly evolving, you'd expect billionaires to always choose the newest, most advanced jets. Yet, the Falcon 8X continues to hold its ground as the preferred choice for the ultra wealthy. Despite the arrival of newer models, the 8X has become a symbol of unparalleled luxury, performance, and range. Max Verssttoppen, the Formula 1 racing champion who owns a Falcon 8X, is among the high-profile figures who trust Doul's craftsmanship, with others like Taylor Swift and Richard Branson having owned or flown in Doul's Falcon jets. What makes a Falcon 8X so enduring? It's not just about tech specs. It's about a flying experience that blends efficiency, comfort, and status. With its unrivaled versatility and craftsmanship, the 8X remains a standout in the world of luxury aviation. Before we get started, we run the Jetstream Briefing, a weekly newsletter trusted by thousands of aviation professionals and enthusiasts. Each issue delivers clear insights on private jets, ownership, and the latest news shaping the industry. It's free. Sign up now at jetstream.global. When you have access to the best, why settle for anything less? That's the question many billionaires ask when choosing a private jet. And for many, the answer is clear. The Falcon 8X. While newer models might grab the spotlight, the 8X remains a preferred option for the elite. Its long range capabilities and spacious interiors have kept it ahead of the pack. It offers an unmatched level of privacy and convenience, making it ideal for those who demand both style and substance. With cuttingedge technology and timeless elegance, it continues to outshine newer jets. In a world of constant innovation, the Falcon 8X still leads. Let's take a closer look at why it remains at the top. The Doul Falcon 8X [music] is one of the premier long range business jets on the market, offering a combination of cuttingedge technology, luxury, and performance. [music] As of today, the base price for a new Falcon 8X starts at approximately 59 million to $63 million. This includes the airframe, standard avionics, and basic configurations. But like most high-end jets, it's just the beginning. Buyers often offer upgrades like custom interiors and advanced avionics, which can push the final price to between $65 million and $75 million or more, depending on preferences. Customization adds significantly to the Falcon 8X's cost, with premium interiors and tech upgrades increasing value. Pre-owned models offer similar luxury at a lower price point, making them an appealing option. By the way, if you'd like to understand how people actually access private aviation, we have put together a free [music] guide called Five Ways to Fly Private without Owning a Jet. You can get it at jetstream.global/flyprivate. Links below. In the pre-owned market, the price range for a Doul Falcon 8X varies [music] significantly depending on the model's age, condition, and customization level. Pre-owned Falcon 8X jets typically range from around $30 million to $50 million, influenced by flight hours and onboard features. Older or higher time models sit near the lower end, while newer jets with premium upgrades command top tier prices. Whether buying new or used, the Falcon 8X remains a symbol of sophistication and luxury crafted for clients who demand exclusivity tailored to their needs. The Falcon 8X stands out in the large cabin business jet category with its exceptional range, speed, and versatility. With a maximum range of 6,450 nautical miles, it effortlessly covers non-stop routes like New York to Tokyo or Los Angeles to London, all without the need for a refuel. While realworld conditions may slightly affect the range depending on payload and wind, the Falcon 8X consistently offers one of the longest ranges in its class, making it the ideal choice for intercontinental travel. When cruising at long range speeds, the jet maintains Mach 0.80, balancing efficiency and endurance, while its maximum operating Mach number of Mach 0.90 ensures rapid travel when time is critical. Powered by three Prattton Whitney, Canada PW307D engines, each producing 6,722 pounds of thrust at sea level, the Falcon 8X combines impressive power and efficiency for long haul flights. These engines are renowned for their reliability, making the jet an excellent choice for demanding schedules. On the runway, the Falcon 8X performs admirably, requiring just 5,880 ft for takeoff at maximum weight, which allows it to access a wide range of airports, including those with shorter runways. After a long journey, it can land in just 2,220 ft under standard conditions, ensuring it can operate at airports with shorter runways or those in more remote locations. Additionally, its advanced Easy4 flight deck and Honeywell Primus Epic systems provide enhanced control and navigation, while the jet's flyby wire systems ensures smooth handling and exceptional stability. Even at 51,000 ft, the Falcon 8X maintains optimal comfort and safety for passengers. While newer jets may offer advanced technology and features, the Falcon 8X remains a go-to aircraft for discerning billionaires who prioritize performance, reliability, and the ability to operate in a wider range of airports, all while maintaining the highest level of luxury. Inside the Falcon 8X, comfort and sophistication come together in a cabin that is designed for both business productivity and relaxation. The interior measures approximately 42'8 in in length, 7'8 in in width, and 6'2 in in height, offering an exceptionally spacious feel for a long range business jet. The cabin is configurable to accommodate up to 16 passengers with flexible seating layouts that can include club seating, deons, and conference style arrangements. The large 30 oval windows flood the cabin with natural light, enhancing the open and airy atmosphere. A fully equipped galley, private lavatories, and generous [music] baggage compartments provide both convenience and luxury, while materials like custom leather upholstery, polished wood, and fine finishes can be tailored to the owner's preferences. Get the latest in private aviation weekly, aircraft, ownership, and market updates. Join the Jetstream briefing at jetstream.global. Beyond its aesthetic appeal, the Falcon 8X's cabin is engineered for comfort and performance, offering 1,695 cubic feet of space. Advanced climate control, LED mood lighting, and soundproofing ensure a quiet environment even at high altitudes. Optional satellite Wi-Fi keep passengers connected. With 140 cubic feet of baggage capacity, the 8X blends luxury with practicality for long range missions. The easy four flight deck paired with Honeywell's Primus Epic system features synthetic vision and auto throttle. This suite reduces pilot workload and enhances safety. Despite newer jets entering the market, the Falcon 8X stands out for its blend of comfort, technology, and versatility. Owning a Dissol Falcon 8X involves significant fixed and variable cost. Fixed costs, such as crew salaries for two pilots, typically range from $400,000 to $600,000 annually, with an additional $60,000 to $120,000 for a flight attendant if employed. Insurance for hole and liability coverage usually cost $45,000 to $100,000 annually, while hanger fees can range between $80,000 and $150,000 depending on location. Routine maintenance, including inspections, software updates, and engine checks, is estimated between $500,000 to $1.3 million annually. Additional expenses such as regulatory fees, management services, and recurrent training bring total annual fixed costs to $800,000 to $1.2 million. Variable costs for the Falcon 8X depend on flight hours. The jet burns around 300 to 350 gallons of jet A fuel per hour, translating to fuel cost of $2,000 to $3,000 per hour. Maintenance, engine reserves, and mission related expenses add $1,100 to $1,800 per hour. Landing fees, catering, and crew prediums further increase total variable cost to $3,800 to $5,900 per flight hour. For owners flying 200 to 300 hours annually, total operating costs could range from $1.5 million to $2.5 million per year. Overall annual operating costs for the Falcon 8X range between $2 million and $5 million depending on usage. For international owners, additional expenses like import duties and currency fluctuations may add complexity to cost planning. So many owners budget a 10 to 15% contingency. Owning a Doul Falcon 8X offers flexible options tailored to high-n netw worth individuals. Full ownership allows for complete personalization, scheduling freedom, and access to do so's robust afterare and maintenance support for those seeking to lower upfront cost. Fractional ownership provides shared access to the aircraft's luxury and performance. Jet card programs offer even more flexibility, enabling clients to fly the 8X on an hourly basis without long-term commitments. Ideal for those who need frequent, adaptable air travel. When it comes to financing, the Falcon 8X offer several options to suit various financial profiles. Aircraft loans are available through banks, specialized jet financing firms, and private lenders with terms typically ranging from 5 to 15 years. Down payments usually range between 50% to 25% of the jet's total value, with payments structured around the financing terms and total aircraft cost. Interest rates on private jet loans generally fall between 4% and 8% depending on credit and market conditions. Flexible lease agreements allow owners to spread out costs while retaining full aircraft access with potential tax benefits like section 179 deductions for US buyers. Financing helps make the Falcon 8X more attainable without tying up excessive capital. The Doul Falcon 8X is engineered for exceptional durability with a lifespan that can easily exceed 30 years when properly maintained. Known for its robust craftsmanship, the 8X incorporates advanced composite materials and state-of-the-art avionics, ensuring both performance and longevity. The aircraft's flyby wire technology combined with DO's commitment to predictive maintenance and real-time diagnostics helps minimize downtime and reduce long-term maintenance cost. Dissau's global after sales service network further supports the Falcon 8X, ensuring the aircraft remains in peak condition throughout its life cycle. This long-term reliability makes a Falcon 8X an attractive choice for owners seeking an asset that combines high performance with enduring value. When it comes to resale value, the Falcon 8X holds a strong position in the market, largely due to its exceptional reputation and the brand's focus on exclusivity. As a limited production aircraft with cuttingedge technology, the Falcon 8X is expected to retain its value better than many of its competitors. The aircraft's renowned craftsmanship, luxury features, and superior performance ensure strong demand in the pre-owned jet market. While resale figures vary with market trends and aircraft age, the Falcon 8X's rarity and desiraability offer owners financial security and ongoing appeal, even as newer models emerge. In conclusion, the Falcon 8X remains a top choice for billionaires and high- netw worth individuals. It stands out in the ultra long range jet market, offering a rare blend of luxury, performance, and versatility. Its advanced technology, fuel efficiency, and impressive range make it ideal for those who demand the best. While newer models bring some updates, the 8X's reliability, and timeless design keep it at the forefront. With a customizable interior, cuttingedge avionics, and global support, it delivers an elite ownership experience. Its strong resale value and brand prestige ensure it remains a wise investment. For those seeking performance, luxury, and trust in a name, the Falcon 8X still leads the

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephenpollard8748 [4 likes]: Love this aircraft
  2. @JetStream- [2 likes]: 📬 The JetStream Briefing — our free weekly newsletter on private aviation.
Each week, we break down one aircraft in detail — costs, ownership, and insights from the hangar.

Join here → https://jetstream.global

No spam. No fluff. Just clear, data-driven aviation talk.
  3. @balisaani: The 8X is the sweet(est) spot of business jets. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
  4. @JaJoh333: Never fly a jet from 1981 though, ask greg biffle, oh wait.

- INCREDIBLE LUXURY PRIVATE JET: Dassault Falcon 8X!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Dasalt Falcon 8X, the quiet power of distance. Imagine rolling onto a short runway at dawn, fog pooling over the threshold lights, and a triple-engine silhouette idling like a big cat keeping still before it sprints. In the cockpit, the head-up display doesn't just glow. It layers the world, terrain, runway, infrared reality, into one clean story your eyes can process instantly. The throttles come up, the tri-jet gathers itself, and in under two minutes you are climbing through the weather, cabin whispering calm at a pressure that feels more like a hillside than the stratosphere. That is the Dasalt Falcon 8X in one scene, not just an ultra-long-range business jet, but a way of bending geography to your schedule while keeping your body remarkably fresh. Stay with me until the end of this film because I'll reveal the one capability owners quietly prize most about the 8X and why it matters more in the real world than a raw top-speed headline, the signature of a Falcon. Falcons are born of two bloodlines, civil aviation luxury, and fighter jet discipline. The 8X is the flagship expression of that blend. Visually, you notice Dasalt's signature S-duct feeding the center engine, the long, elegant wing with high-lift sophistication baked into its plan form, and a fuselage stretched just enough to unlock a more flexible cabin without tipping into excess. Under the skin, the jet is all systems thinking. A digital flight control core descended from frontline fighters, a triple redundant power plant philosophy that gives you uncommon flexibility on long oceanic legs and aerodynamics shaped to go far on less fuel. You feel those choices, not as numbers on a spec sheet, but as an attitude, confident, composed, and quietly efficient. Range, speed, and the way. The 8X uses both. On paper, the Falcon 8X covers a maximum of approximately 6,450 nautical miles with eight passengers and reserves, and it will do so at long-range crews while keeping cabin noise, vibration, and fatigue surprisingly low. Its maximum operating Mach number is 0.90 comma, which means if the jet needs to hustle, it can, but Dassault tunes the airplane for something subtler. Fast enough to matter, gentle enough that passengers arrive lucid. That balance is important in the ultra-long-range category. You can shave a few minutes with raw speed. You win hours of productive life with the right environment. The 8X's tri-jet architecture plays into this. Three Pratt and Whitney Canada turbofans deliver thrust with margin, but equally, they let the airplane hold its performance on hot days at higher elevations and on the kind of shorter business airfields that place you closer to where the deal actually happens. Watch the numbers unfold through the episode and you'll see why pilots call the 8X a city pair unlocker. The balanced field take-offs in the 5-6,000-foot range at maximum weight and a remarkably short, unfactored landing distance around the 2,000-foot mark at typical landing weights. That opens not just continents, but the last mile of your trip. The cabin, three rooms that feel like a home. Step inside and what you notice first isn't opulence, it's proportion. The Falcon 8X cabin is tall enough for most to stand comfortably. Wide enough that aisle conversations don't feel like apologizing and long enough, over 42 feet, to carve the space into three distinct living zones without pinching any of them. Designers exploit that length in clever ways. Up front, a club setting, doubles as a working lounge with in-seat power. Side-leged touch control of lighting, temperature and shade, and streaming-ready connectivity that feels like moving a downtown office into a pressure-sealed world of quiet. The mid-cabin often becomes the social core, a four-place conference group that flips in seconds from lunch meeting to card table to family dinner. In the aft cabin, devans transform into flat sleeping surfaces. Check the right layout and you can have a full-size bed, a private door, and a genuine bedroom on a jet. Because this is a Falcon, the air you breathe has been engineered with the same care as the aerodynamics. Humidity is boosted compared to typical jets. The filtration keeps particulates exceptionally low, and the pressurization system maintains a cabin altitude around the 3900-foot mark, even when you're cruising in the low 40s. Translate that to how you feel. Fewer pressure change headaches, less eye and skin dryness, and considerably more mental clarity as the hours stack up. Whisper-level acoustics are part of it too. Dissolve targets noise at the source, and then layers in insulation where the ear is most sensitive, so conversations stay natural and sleep feels like sleep, not a compromise. A galley that works. A shower that changes everything. Long-range jets are judged harshly on how well they feed you six hours after takeoff. The 8X answers with a galley that can be specified small, standard, or grand depending on the mission profile. On 12-hour arcs, the grand setup is the way to go. Oven, chiller, real counter space, proper storage, so plated dining looks and tastes like something you'd actually post about. Aft, the lavatory can be optioned with a full shower. That one decision changes how trans-oceanic days feel. Imagine a red eye to Europe, shower 10 minutes before descent, fresh clothes, skin awake. You step onto the curb feeling like a person, not a traveler. Connectivity and control without friction. The Falcon 8X is built around modern digital life. K-band satellite internet and the Falcon Cabin HD plus management ecosystem let you stream, conference, and move files as if you never left your office. The point isn't bragging rights. It's that the cabin adapts to each guest without a tutorial. The touch logic is intuitive. The network architecture is robust enough to stay up during taxi, climb out, and approach where approvals allow. And you can hand your team a working airplane rather than a floating dead zone. That's why owners describe the 8X as a time machine, because it returns hours of work and hours of rest you normally lose. Price, costs, and real-world money. As of 2025, the Falcon 8X sits in a tight, healthy market. A new build, US spec 8X typically lands in the tilde dollar, 5866 million window depending on delivery slot, options, Falcon I, HUD, EVS, K-band, shower, grand galley, and completion choices. In the pre-owned lane, late model examples, 2017-2022, commonly list from tilde dollar 40 million on the lower end to tilde dollar 54 million for low time high spec aircraft. That spread reflects not just age and hours, but programs coverage, avionics options, and interior condition. From an owner-operator perspective, think of the money in two buckets, fixed and variable. Fixed costs, crew salaries and training, hanger, insurance, and management, tend to cluster around tilde dollar one million per year for US operations. Variable costs, the fuel, maintenance reserves, engine APU programs and trip expenses, average roughly tilde dollar 6, 0, 0, 0, per flight hour at today's US jet fuel prices and typical program rates. Blend those together and at 300-400 hours per year. Your all-in fully burdened cost often pencils out around tilde dollar nine, 500 per flight hour. The big swing factor is utilization. The more you fly, the more those fixed costs get diluted. Fuel burn is where the tri-jets discipline shows. Expect approximately 330-380 US gallons per hour in cruise, which, at common 2025 retail prices, translates to tilde dollar two, 500 per hour just for fuel. Add engine reserves and routine maintenance, and you reach that mid-dollar 5K slash hour variable picture. The upside is availability. Long inspection intervals and mature programs keep the airplane online, which saves you the most expensive commodity. Time. In the charter market, US hourly rates for an 8X typically run tilde dollar 13, 0, 0, 0 per hour, plus positioning and overnights. A single segment New York Paris Mission, seven, eight hours airborne, will often price in the dollar 90K dollar 110K range before taxes and fees. A true transatlantic day trip with crew rest and return positioning can sit north of dollar 140K. For owners who supplement their budget with limited charter under part 135, remember the realities. Charter offsets can defray some fixed costs, but they introduce cycle and cosmetic wear, and demand a management partner with strong dispatch and maintenance discipline. Resale and liquidity, the 8X benefits from a sticky buyer base, operators who specifically want steep approach approvals, short field manners, and tri-jet flexibility. That helps residuals. Well-kept, low-time aircraft on comprehensive programs tend to transact faster and closer to ask. In other words, the money story here mirrors the flying story, quiet efficiency, strong access, and a market that values real world capability over brochure theatrics. The flight deck, seeing the invisible, if the cabin is where you live, the cockpit is where the magic happens, and the 8X's easy flight deck is the cleanest expression of Dassault's design philosophy to date. The head-up display can merge synthetic vision with enhanced infrared imagery into a single, no-guess view, letting pilots keep their eyes outside while reading a richer picture of the world than the naked eye can assemble in fog, darkness, or snow. That fusion supports lower approach minima when properly equipped and authorized. And more importantly, it shrinks pilot workload on the nights when your payroll or your family is on board and the weather refuses to cooperate. Digital flight controls with careful envelope protection knit it all together. You feel the jet as precise, calm, and durable in the hands. Short, steep, and closer to where you're going. The Falcon 8X's landing manners are a quiet superpower. Approach speeds in the low hundreds of knots, low drag, high lift wizardry, and that disciplined tri-jet thrust picture add up to credible short-field and steep approach performance. The result is access, mountain airfields, coastal city airports tucked behind noise abatement rules, and financial districts that would otherwise force a 90-minute drive. There's a reason this airplane shows up again and again at places with tight numbers on the chart and big numbers on the contracts. Numbers you can feel in your bones. Specs make better sense when you translate them to experience. A maximum-certified altitude of 51,000 feet means you can climb over most weather structures, saving you from the bruising ride and the fuel burn that comes with step climbing under traffic. A maximum takeoff weight, a touch above 73,000 pounds, sounds abstract until you realize it buys you a full fuel load, a real cabin full of real people, and the confidence to skip a tech stop that would have cost an hour of your life. The cabin windows, 30 plus of them, are placed to land light, where your eyes actually want it. These are not accidental niceties. They are the fruits of people who fly thinking about how flying feels. Efficiency, maintenance, and the business case. Dassault's quiet obsession is efficiency. The 8X stretches farther on less fuel than many peers because of aerodynamic cleanliness, careful weight discipline, and engines optimized for crews rather than brochure numbers. Extended maintenance intervals, think inspection calendars measured in the hundreds of flight hours or a full year, translate directly into aircraft availability. For a flight department, availability is an ROI lever. Fewer days grounded by schedule. Fewer trips handed to charter as an expensive backup plan. Fewer surprises when the schedule looks like a chessboard. Operators talk in operating cost per hour and calendar days, but what they really buy is control. Safety philosophy, translated into confidence. Triple engines are not nostalgia. They're a risk calculus for complex global operations. The center engines S duct keeps the vertical tail clean. The outboards give you asymmetric authority without drama should you ever need it. Systems redundancy is layered through hydraulics, electrics, and avionics, so that single-point failures stay single-point. Add the flight control logic that prevents you from wandering into the corners of the envelope and a vision system that shows you the runway even when the atmosphere argues otherwise, and you have a jet that feels composed when the script goes unscripted. Real-world missions, real-world city pairs. Talk to crews who live in the airplane and a pattern emerges. The 8X connects Los Angeles to Geneva non-stop with reserves without asking everyone to bring a backpack instead of a suitcase. It will do New York to Dubai into headwinds that make other jets unfun. It will thread the needle into a steep approach European city, turn the passengers in three hours, and then launch across the Atlantic for the return while everyone on board is still having dinner at a sane local hour. The beauty is not just the range, but the repeatability of that range when the weather is sulking and the runways are shorter than corporate jets were supposed to need. The feel of the ride. Comfort is a hard thing to quantify, yet anyone who has flown an 8X can describe it. The cabin disappears in the sense that you stop noticing you're in a machine. The pressure feels benign. The acoustics are low enough that you pick a playlist for taste, not to drown out a frequency that bothers you. You can hold a natural voice across the aisle. You step off after 10 hours not wrung out, but collected, able to shake hands, present, or get to a childhood recital without that glassy post-flight stare. When a machine preserves your humanity after long hours aloft, that's luxury in its most honest form. Comparing the icons, why 8X still has a lane? In a world of headline-grabbing flagships, the Falcon 8X occupies a deliberate niche. Against the biggest twin-engined ultra-long-range jets, it seeds a little square footage, and in some cases, a few hundred miles of maximum brochure range. In exchange, it leans into runway access, refined handling, lower approach speeds, and a cabin pressure strategy that keeps passengers alert. It is, in many ways, the pilot's ultra-long-range jet, the one that makes sense when your destinations are not just megaports, with mile-long runways, but financial and resort airfields scattered closer to where life actually happens. If your calendar swings between global arcs and urban darts, the 8X's balance becomes hard to ignore. Economics, without the abrasive edges. The sticker price sits in the elite tier you'd expect for a hand-built European trijet, and pre-owned values track with condition, age, and upgrades like K-band connectivity and enhanced vision. What matters to operators beyond purchase is the predictable cadence of the bills and the airplane's appetite for fuel, brakes, and tires. Here again, the 8X's discipline with weight and aerodynamics pays back in a less spiky cost curve. Maintenance programs that bundle engines, APU, and airframe help flight departments convert surprises into line items. Extended intervals keep the aircraft online when the calendar gets ugly. Design details. You'll notice on day one, little things reveal the mindset. Side-ledge control panels that dim without glare when you rest a wrist nearby. A galley layout that keeps hot, cold, clean, and used traffic from colliding when three people are moving fast in a narrow space. Seats that recline naturally and then lock flat with a movement your muscles remember. Lighting that learns your preference for a cooler dawn and a warmed amber dusk. Window reveals that keep the horizon line where your eye expects it. If design is how something works, the 8X is elegantly designed. The understated flex of three engines. There is theater in a trijet, of course. Three tails of exhaust vapor at rotation look iconic, precisely because there are so few of these machines left in production. But beyond the romance, triple thrust gives you tools. On hot and high summer departures, you get extra margin. On polar tracks or North Atlantic nights, it gives dispatchers confidence. And flight departments, like having real-world options, if an engine goes offline away from home, options that keep an important trip on the rails with grace. The reveal. The capability owners whisper about, here's the feature seasoned owners and crews quietly prize most. The Falcon 8X's ability to combine steep approach approvals, short field manners, and very low approach speeds with a cabin environment that keeps passengers physiologically normal hours deep into a mission. It isn't one shiny speck. It's the way these traits stack into a unique rhythm of travel. The jet will take you closer to the meeting. It will let you leave later and still make dinner. It will land into a quiet city airport behind tight noise curves with a level of grace that keeps the neighbors friendly. And everyone will step off ready to perform. In real life, that moves the needle more than a point of Mach number ever. Could. If you loved the production quality and want to help us scout more aircraft and locations, consider dropping a super thanks. It directly funds travel and camera time inside these machines. And don't forget to drop a free hype point if your app supports it. Those boosts help this video surface on home pages where new viewers are deciding what to watch next. End card, your turn. Tell me in the comments, if you had the keys to a Falcon 8X for one week, what would your route be? West Coast to Paris and down to Marraketch? Tokyo to Sydney to Queenstown? Or would you fly the opposite way and make the most of the aircraft's short runway game at tucked away city airports? I'll pin the most creative route. And in our next ultra range episode, we'll compare the 8X's cockpit philosophy with a rival that takes a very different approach to workload and speed. You might be surprised which feels calmer at the end of a 12 hour day. Crew comfort and the human factor. Up front, long legs or marathons for pilots as much as passengers. The 8X anticipates this with a cockpit that lowers workload instead of merely redistributing it. Cursor control devices fall naturally to hand. The symbology on the head up display is intuitive rather than ornamental. And the synthetic enhanced vision fusion gives you real time confidence rather than a second set of screens to babysit. On missions that stretch past the 10 hour mark, small ergonomic winds snowball into safer decisions. Specify the larger forward entry and you can integrate dedicated rest provisions for the crew on true intercontinental schedules, preserving alertness when circadian rhythms would otherwise be at their worst. Sleeping, seating, and the art of waking up ready. Layout flexibility is more than a brochure bullet. It changes circadian math. In a typical three zone 8X, you can fly four in the club, four around the mid cabin table, and leave the aft zone for two full length births. On alternate layouts, a demand converts to a real bed while a facing single reclines flat. Privacy doors turn the space into a genuine state room. With the shower option, the aft lav becomes a reset button for the body clock. Fly a westbound night crossing, sleep for four to five hours, shower before top of descent, then open shades onto a late morning sun you're ready to meet. It's hard to overstate how that one ritual changes the mood of a 12 hour day. Airport access. What the charts don't show you. Numbers are clean. Reality is messy. Consider the combination of low approach speeds and steep approach approval. You get into downtown adjacent fields that keep your terrestrial segment under an hour even when your schedule is a string of half day meetings. That means a breakfast debrief at a coastal HQ, a lunch turn at a capital city airport tucked behind noise contours, and dinner back home without a hotel bag in sight. The 8X thrives on these choreography challenges because its control harmony at low speed is so forgiving. Passengers feel the arrival as choreography, not drama, sustainability, fuel options, and the long view. Future proofing matters for assets that stay in fleets for decades. The Falcon 8X is compatible with the latest sustainable aviation fuel blends and benefits from an aerodynamic chalk weight discipline that reduces burn without blunting performance. For corporations measuring scope three emissions as rigorously as cost, those structural advantages are not window dressing. They are a pragmatic way to put fewer tons of CO2 into the sky on every leg without sacrificing mission flexibility or safety margins. Combine that with cabin filtration and humidity strategies that preserve human well-being, and you have a jet that thinks about sustainability in physiological and environmental terms at once. Support network and U.S. footprint. If you operate from North America, the support story matters as much as the spec sheet. Dasau's service centers and authorized facilities across the United States, together with SPARES pools and AOG response baked into Falcon care packages, translate into shorter down times and predictable planning. Flight departments talk about the phone calls that happen at 2 AM. What they remember is when someone answered and when parts moved. The 8X benefits from that infrastructure, as well as from a global community of operators whose experience has already shaken out the rough edges of the type. A pilot's moment at the end of a long day, picture the last 10 miles of a winter night arrival. The HUD paints the runway environment with infrared confidence. The synthetic view keeps terrain honest in your peripheral vision. And the air speed tapes settle into a low hundred knot groove that feels unhurried. You go hands-on because you want to, not because you have to. Touchdown is civilized. Reverse and brakes work without drama. The cabin barely wakes. Taxi in, shut down, and the cockpit cooling fans are the loudest thing you hear. That is the quiet power the 8X wields, precision that lets you end the day with dignity. What this means for you. Whether you're shopping aircraft, running a flight department, or simply here for the love of engineering, the Falcon 8X is one of those rare designs where the promise survives contact with reality. It's a machine built for people who value proximity, poise, and the preservation of energy. If that sounds like you're operating philosophy, this jet will reward you every week of the year. And if you enjoyed exploring it with us, help us take you inside more machines at this level. Tap like, subscribe for premieres, join to support research heavy episodes, drop a super thanks if the storytelling earned it, and nudge the algorithm with a free hype point so this film finds the next person planning a route that only a tri jet can fly. Technical feel, in plain words. For those who like numbers told as a story, the fuselage gives you a cabin just over 42 feet long, 7 feet 8 inches wide, and a touch above 6 foot too high, with more than 30 windows spaced to bathe each zone in daylight. Pressurization keeps the cabin near 3,900 feet, while the aircraft cruises at 41,000, and the air is refreshed continuously, so a 12 hour leg doesn't feel like a 12 hour room. Maximum operating speed is Mach Decimal 9. Typical long range cruise is set for efficiency, not ego. Certified ceiling is 51,000 feet, opening a smooth lane over weather and traffic. Balanced field take off at maximum weight lives in the high 5,000s of feet, while unfactored landing distance at a typical weight, falls around 2,200. Three Pratt and Whitney Canada engines sit on the tail with about 6 and 3 quarter thousand pounds of thrust each, tuned not just for climb and cruise, but for the quiet, disciplined arrivals that end the day the way you'd want.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LuciferMorningstarDanny [5 likes]: Seriously, you have to get rid of the crap computer/ ai voice. So many glitches . wtf is a tilder dollar? And every time it tries to say any numbers it’s all,over the place .
  2. @SuperLuxuryLifes [3 likes]: Want behind‑the‑scenes cockpit time and cabin deep dives? Join as a member, send a Super Thanks, or drop a free Hype point to boost the next episode.
  3. @EdgarSantosSilva-o8y [1 likes]: Hi there.
                - here you go my answer as of subject to high society.
                - In first place I'd like thank to universe for my life because, my education he was found on street fight.
                 -  Today a I'm executive the owner from company (M. A. S. E. ) - SLU, we work with and under an contract physcal in somewhere during sometime it's expensive in a world where there is ' eagle fly eagle ' - ' doesn't there is woman ugly there is woman less money, whoever the mans they are victims from geography ' high now ladies and gentlemen we've the first rule of ninja - ' the than doesn't to do is forget from where start " I think, whenever you're ready for talk to with me ' about ' business will be a pleasure but, the level is, Bombardier Global 7500 because this world ' business ' arrive the work can't wait for anyone this's my lifestyle we also work with clean handmade hard, foundations special for house popular and about us  machines hard we use when necessary and either we use in a place little blade sharp if necessary why let's look an area of work before, decided than machine use if is an Volvo VNL - 2025 - 860 - ultimate  - tractor - truck - Volvo - FH - 16 - 780 - aero globe - trotter - XXL - tractor - truck - 2025 - Scania - 2025 - S - V8 - tractor - truck , JCB - backhoe loader - 3 - cx - JCB - little roder or BMW - 2025 - X - 4 - SUV,  a another history 'education ' or you got to or your no got to ' I'm S. S. Edgar the CFO from company aggressive written on these is my answer.

- $1M Engine Upgrade to a Pilatus PC12 - Was it Worth It?: Kind: captions Language: en hey you guys we are putting nearly a million dollar motor upgrade in a Pilatus private aircraft we want to go through all the numbers and here's what's awesome my brother Mark already just put this video out but I wanted to make sure that everyone following along could see this video here on my channel this is all about Mark giving you the data love you guys back to work it's physics math and engineering machine it draft it build it test it break it every time something new gets built the entire world advances slaying in bed at night it's designing new parts designing new suspension designing new wings so this this is part two of our engine install on the uh platis upgrade uh Perrier Perry the Platypus airplane the Platypus if you're not into Aviation this video is going to be so boring I mean check out now save yourself the uh the old thumbs down experience even if you're into airplanes if you're not into the plattus and if you're not in even if you're into plattus and you don't care about the difference between the papa motor that's in the NG platters are now in Perry and the old Legacy platters the Bravo Motors if those numbers don't matter to you see ya catch us on another video If you do care stick around it's gonna be a lot of talk a little bit of fun numbers hopefully you learned something from it but otherwise thanks for checking out and we'll catch on another video that's not so just uh number based first off a disclaimer um performance and numbers and data only matter at certain altitudes and certain temperatures and certain weights so I'm going to use rules of thumb because I want this information to stick in your head the way I have to make it stick in my head I'm not smart enough to remember all the numbers for all the altitudes and all the weights I have to get out my books here and look at it but while I was flying we went all over the place and I took my spreadsheets with me and on the little iPad and I took screenshots of the the dash I got thousands of them in my phone some of you I know you know what I'm talking about we just want the numbers real numbers not what do I think or how does it feel but like what's the data so uh 100 hours is pretty easy to come by in the plattus uh during this time we we have we have our home and business here in Utah but we also have a home in Galveston Texas it's um it's about 1200 miles away and so that's four hours out and five hours back average so just to go to Texas and back it's nine hours on the airplane so lots of time sitting there where I can climb up a thousand two thousand feet climb up two thousand feet again drop down play with different Power torques and tent settings and I just gathered data gathered data all the way down and back several trips we also got to go out and Mike and I are invited to be the keynote speakers at the Wright Brothers Band out in Oshkosh and that was a very special event and a really great time and a great time to go get some more numbers as the weather was getting colder and we even took the plane up with the new engine up into Johnson Creek Idaho and did a bunch of grass strip takeoff and landings with uh the back of it loaded up with with e-bikes so we've got real world data camping mountain biking long cross country in the cold long cross country down into the Heat and here's the numbers we're going from the Bravo motor to the Papa motor biggest differences on the Bravo motor we have a maximum of 44 on the torque which is 1200 horsepower for takeoff and up to five minutes on the papa motor we have 1200 horsepower for the entire duration of the climb that's 200 horsepower more for the bulk of your climb the Bravo motor has a max continuous temperature limit of 760 degrees down low that doesn't make a big difference up high that's a huge difference the new pop-up motor has a maximum continuous temperature of 820 degrees it's 60 degrees higher temp that it can run continuously without concern and if 820 scares you here's the number that really kind of blows my mind they actually allow Pratt Whitney allows 850 degrees for takeoff as in that's safe so 820 for Max continuous is pulling it way back from there and I generally fly about 40 degrees cooler than Max continuous anyway because I like to have a little safety margin you can also fly off the torque chart if that's how you like to do it this is the rule of thumb and applattus every 200 pounds of weight is one knot through AirSpeed at altitude down lower it's not a significant up higher the higher you go the more significant it is it doesn't sound like a lot but it really is I had a someone messaged on Facebook because I posted a picture of the speeds I was doing in the planus I was up cruising around 280 knots true air speed at altitude and someone commented how's that even possible have an NG Pilatus that never goes that fast this is roughly what my true air speed is and I looked at the trailer speed I'm like okay he's probably got at least six or seven people in there and probably took that picture you know in the first hour of the flight because I could just back out the weight and time of day and see where it was but in this case scenario 1200 pounds is six knots true AirSpeed so of course um I'm flying pretty quick depending on how much fuel you have in plane the other thing is in that flight it's just me and my wife there's nobody with us so if you've got eight passengers at 200 pounds a piece sixteen hundred pounds at 200 pounds per knot that's eight knots so between Fuel and passengers that's just those things two things alone all sudden we'll talk about six plus eight it's a big number what's nine plus ten twenty one so um when you talk to people about speeds in your airplane uh don't ever give a ground speed like stop it knock it off guys because we don't care how strong the winds were when someone says how fast you how fast is your airplane they're not asking hey how are the winds today otherwise they would say how are the Tailwinds today they want to know how fast is your airplane wow 13. no no no there was wind I was just jogging Dwight there was wind so if someone's saying No this is about the speed my platice is yours is a lot faster mine's a lot faster but what's the power setting and if they're saying oh I usually cruise at 700 degrees or I cruise at 740 degrees then you can say well if you're comparing 700 degrees to 740 degrees every 20 degrees is 5.5 knots and 15 pounds an hour you can say well you're burning 30 pounds an hour more fuel that's 11 knots so real world data so if you're now looking at back to the comparison what really matters to me is I go from a Bravo motor with a Max continuous of 760. and I like to fly 40 degrees back from there so say it's 7 40. and I don't want to get into whether that's good or bad or where you like to fly it and just tell this is where it is for me I'm not telling you that's how you should fly your airplane but if you take a 760 Max that you're flying at a safe 720 and you go to the Papa motor and it has an 820 Max allowable by the manufacturer 820 is safe and you come back 40 from there your 780 well the difference between 120 degrees on your temp and 7060 or 80 degrees on your temp is 60. 60 at 5.5 per 20 is [Music] 16.5 knots that's the official number that is what I have to report as how much faster is my papa motor in my Pilatus just changing the motor and we've got other mods we want to do too I was able to pull some weight out of the airplane and we'll get a weight and balance when we're all done with everything because that makes a speed difference too but if we're just looking at just the raw data just pulling out the Bravo putting in the Papa at altitude it's 16.5 knots faster that's awesome time decline was a big thing and the numbers we were collecting was from sea level at gross weight to 28 000 feet it was seven minutes faster with this new motor and we're talking about a gross weight pc12 series 10 with a Bravo motor the stock motor is 26 minutes to altitude right depending on the day right and wait but let's just for the sake of of the day and temperatures we were testing it's 26 minutes to altitude seven minutes is a big freaking number because you're pulling all the way back to 19 minutes and not only is it less time in the climb but usually up clock at the altitude is where the smooth air is so it could also mean seven minutes less bumps in the in the climb for your passengers getting up over the hills of mountains so Comfort seven minutes more comfortable flight for your passengers and once you level off your seven minutes of doing 270 to 280 knots instead of that seven minutes where you're climbing at 140 150 indicated which is more like 200 knots or so I haven't done that math but rule of thumb here it's guesstimate depending on the altitude so seven minutes less time in the bump seven minutes less time to altitude seven minutes more time the at a high true air speed at a lower fuel flow the longer you're down in the thick air the height you're burning those High fuel numbers that's a big deal still not my favorite part the thing I didn't expect we wanted the speed we wanted to Performance the thing I didn't expect was the workload pilot workload has just gone to almost nothing the reality is on the Bravo motor when you push the throttle up you can go right to the firewall right you've got a torque controller on that motor that would and should working properly keep you from over torquing the engine we go up slow and we watch and you know use proper pilot safety protocols but it in theory everything working right if you just hammer it it'll go to 44 on your torque which is 1200 horsepower but on the Bravo motor as soon as you're climbing you get out of the pattern you get Gear Up you get flaps up you pull the torque back to 36.9 but a thousand feet later Which is less than one minute your Torx down so you grab the throttle and you push it back up oh I over torqued it a little bit come back down and then another thousand feet less than a minute later you're like oh my power's dropped because as you get into the thinner air you get less performance you have to keep pushing the throttle up to make up for the thin air so now every 60 seconds or less you're adjusting the power adjusting the power adjusted a little bit too much come back instead of switching radio frequencies focusing on the next Waypoint changing the flight plan that they're giving to you in the air and then all of a sudden looking over and go whoa no wonder I'm not climbing I need to put some power to it so if the new motor you push it up and just fly the airplane don't mess with the throttle just leave it there just go it's it's so much less work especially on a dark rainy icy layer above you departure out of California where they're switching radio frequencies faster than you can even get in the new heading and altitude they gave you and now you're messing with the throttle it's gone and I didn't realize how much of a big deal that was like how how much safer and more relaxed you are as a pilot I love it I wish spinoff would have told me that I would have given them my money a lot sooner because it's freaking awesome next question is going to be what does it cost me everyone sex now that I have your attention you don't have our attention money I'm listening there's several ways to look at this our engine was 500 hours uh from overhaul and it would have been its second overhaul so it'd be an expensive one you have a 3 500 hour TBO your first overhaul on a brand new engine before 500 000 um give or take right your second overhaul you go another 3 500 hours that second overhaul is going to usually be a lot more expensive and that could be five six hundred thousand dollars and these days things are getting more and more expensive so for me I put in my head about six hundred thousand dollars to overhaul the engine the new engine STC everything done was a 950 000 upgrade but um I'm already spending 600 to rebuild the motor so it's really if I've already spent 600 by flying it for the last 3 500 hours since overhaul or in my case a little over three three thousand that money is gone I spent it I spent it over the last several years flying This Plane back and forth across the country so you already got 600 Grand that you're going to put into the overhaul so the real difference is 350 000 is the Delta the difference between overhauling used or just having a brand spank a new engine that again when you come to 3 500 hours it's going to be the cheaper overhaul not another really expensive one so that 350 000 dealt that we're really talking about really by the time you get to the first round overhaul that exits probably more like two hundred thousand dollar Delta those are real numbers this is this is it costs money to fly these engines and they cost more to overhauls they age oh my gosh one more thing holy cow this is ridiculous this is also one of my favorite things I almost left it out I fly the airplane different not just on the climb not first segment second segment like we talked about I fly it completely different because I go to altitude in fact Mike and I one of our trips we're doing the comparison were like the bigger engine at twenty six thousand feet is doing 16 knots faster 16 and a half knots faster than it used to be but it's burning 45 pounds an hour more fuel but of course it's faster it's burning more fuel but you instead of flying there where you used to you go to 30 000 feet now you're burning the same fuel as the old smaller engine did down lower but you're up here doing 16 and a half knots faster so it's actually because it can get to a higher altitude easier than it used to the bigger engine is costing me less Fuel per mile significantly than the smaller motor down low so is it worth the 200 000 to 350 000 over just overhauling the engine oh my gosh heck yeah it's a new airplane it's a faster airplane it's a safer airplane it's less work airplane I could not be happier I can see why the plattus NG is such a popular airplane and I think every Legacy Pilatus will end up with this engine upgrade for sure because it just makes sense thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FrodeLøtvedt: Everybody knows Mike needed another turbine engine for his next build...
  2. @1EliPrice: 15 year army vet now Full time student at hallmark university here(A&P pending). How do I apply to work for you two? Been following you guys for a few year since before I decided to go into aviation and I’ve been looking at a bunch of companies, Duncan in Provo probably second from the top but to be involved with you guys would be my dream opportunity. Keep up the inspiring work.
  3. @fredflintstone8556: Great and informative,  thank you 16:20
  4. @michaelpowell775: I enjoy all the Patey videos but have to admit you guys live in a different world. I am unlikely even to get an hour flying a PC-12 and could only dream of owning one. And then not only to own one but to be in a position to spend $1m's more servicing and upgrading. It is only through YouTube and the like that we get to experience this kind of flying, and at least that's something!
  5. @FallLineJP: Perry the *Pilatipus
  6. @libertine5606: I will never have a Pilatus but I watched the whole thing for the entertainment in watching you justify to yourself $300,000 for 16.5 knots! 😂
  7. @TRINITY-ks6nw: Congratulations
  8. @Brahmlullies: What color should it be? Mike Patey’s Pilatus has a good paint scheme. Black, blue, and gray…
  9. @ElSwissCanardo: For the Garmin in PC'12s...go check out the flight history of HB-FWU...registered in Switzerland, beloing to Pilatus itself, flying around Kenas for the last month, with Flights nammed GARMN16....I think there is somethiung in the pipe
  10. @hikedayley9309: Vote TRUMP 2024
  11. @gc1914: Sounds like your happy, good deal 😄
and you just might have help someone make that choice ezer  stay safe
  12. @moacyrsilveira: Very nice comparison. Loved the data shown
  13. @NewcastleDayz: The Pilatus PC12, is my favorite plane in flight sim. So gorgeous
  14. @PrettyOkayAtBoats: I would say you can’t put a price on the safety that a new engine offers. Can’t replace the cargo. If you’ve got the money to spend on it, it’s always worth it.
  15. @davidchristensen2898: I am not a pilot but that whole video was fantastic to watch ! I can grasp less drag at higher altitude and better fuel consumption, more power in reserve for emergencies, fascinating stuff ! Thank you for all the information !
  16. @tonylam9548: I missed it? you have not mentioned who did your engine upgrade?  (Blackhawk?)  and what is the general dispatch reliability  (%)
  17. @tonylam9548: Passenger ask, how fast are we flying?  Take a page from doctors who go out of their way to exclude outsiders by making sure they have to learn a new language first, this raise their status. So the smart ass answer be, "Do you want indicated, calculated , true, ground , or GPS speed?"
  18. @rogersmart1766: Mike - it’s not a motor - it’s an engine !
  19. @davidkennerly: I thought this was Mike until he referred to "Mike," at the end. There are identical twins and then there are IDENTICAL twins!
  20. @Snakebloke: The cost of parts on these turbine engines is obscene. They're making a huge profit on each part.

- The Ultimate PC12 Upgrade | One Specific Upgrade Could Save Your Life!: Kind: captions Language: en come along as we upgrade the panel on this plane from this one to this new garment panel get physics math and Engineering machine it draft it build it test it break it every time something new gets built the entire world advances laying in bed at night it's designing new parts designing new suspension designing new Wings all right this video is a long time coming I'm excited we're finally kind of pulling the clips together and telling the story about the new panel that we put in to this airplane tut2 Lima Papa and uh which now actually looks like this so A lot's changed since we filmed this stuff but I'm excited that we're putting it together and the nice thing is that we'll quickly be able to come out with videos about our experience with the panel not just this video about it going in and what it takes and what's in there but um we'll do some video follow-ups really quick about now that we've flown it for over a year big question might be why so long to finally get the video out it's really quite simple and uh tragic really but um in uh 20 um three first part of 2023 my dad passed away and that shook up a lot of things it was quite unexpected um then the middle of 23 June 30th I had a near-death experience I wasn't declared dead or anything but I did end up in the hospital in ICU and it was quite scary and yes I did have a near-death experience no I don't intend to talk about it here um but it was powerful enough um and shaking enough for me and my family to reevaluate everything and then only a few months later towards the end of that year um one of our business partners tragically passed away and he was running one of our companies and so that year left me with 2024 completely resetting everything in my life uh Mike you may have noticed as well has um stepped back hasn't made so many videos for a bit and I think we'll see him coming back more me coming back more but 2024 was a reality check that there wasn't balance in our lives our whole lives Mike and I have been go go go get things done project project project business business business next next next and we never took a time to stop and breathe and enjoy the moment and the reality that life is short and it's insane that my dad had to die a friend had to die and I had to die to step back so 2024 I even steep back as CEO of best TS I steep back from everything spent time on my family so if the pendulum were to say here is the swing of an entire life of business and projects that was my life and it never moved from there and then it swung all the way for a full year over to here where it's family and friends and connection and that was a beautiful year now I feel like the pendelum swung back to the middle and we'll find more balanced Mark and Mike py and now finally catching up with the things that need to get done that we love to do which is making videos building airplanes and telling the story about it so let's get into it what did we do to the panel um in the new and improved Perry the Platypus well there's a lot that goes into it uh this is the list of components we'll put it on the video so you can scroll and snapshot it screenshot it and get the actual parts list if you want to do this incidentally there's at least two airplanes that I know of that have done this exact panel they called it the paty panel and just copied it exactly and love it and a few other plates I know that copied much of this since we did this video because they just saw things that we posted on our regular social media Facebook and whatnot but there's the list the things I want to go over is the big Parts not all the parts but we wanted to get two of the gdu uh 1060 TXI displays in they're the touch screens for the primary flight displays on both sides of the panel two of the 700 TXI now this was a big challenge because everyone told us it couldn't be done ad bionic shop said it couldn't be done there wasn't room the reason for that the 700 is the smaller vertical touchcreen and you're going to put one if you're going to do the whole panel uh or if you want to replace the engine analyzer with the new garment system which is far superior and I ought to do a video on just the improvements and things we love about that in fact I will I'll just do a video on just the the um engine information system and how it's displayed on the 700 TXI and how much safety and benefit it adds particularly to engine management and your start sequences and I I'll do a video it it's worth it but I didn't want just the engine information displayed on the 700 I wanted another 700 that would try to replace an iPad I've had all glass panels for a long time in a lot of airplanes and still an iPad strapped to my lap suction cup to the window and falling off mounted here there it's it's always kind of cluttered it's this thing that's coming in and out of the plane and I thought if I could have one more 700 that was just a dedicated separate screen that I could leave information on instead of going to the 600 split screen and changing the the side of the page all the time I wanted just one more display to in hopes get rid of the iPad and it worked it it we fit it down in the bottom you'll see it just above the throttle quadrant where it's always there it would be a spot that might be a great spot for an iPad but this is much better because anything that's done on the 750s or the 600s or anything done with the auto pilot it's all also displayed right there I'm not updating an iPad and updating this or accepting the syn it's fully truly integrated and I love how that's been working out for us so we'll show you how that mounted in into the plane so we were able to fit two of the 700 displays one for the E and one for primarily charts we leave it there or if there's bad weather and we're using our new weather radar system which incidentally that's another thing we put in was the GMX 750 uh radar to replace the original radar that was in the platus the 750 was a huge upgrade I love it um I love that I could display the weather information on any of the screens and I could even set it up so one screen the weather is painting left and right and another screen the weather's painting up and down and you can set in the zoom and and gains on different screens and have more information displayed on the different screens um much simpler all that said we have now installed the new 8000 Garmin which I can't wait to have it enabled the Hardware's in it's done and so though on the list that you'll see on here you'll see the 750 radar um that's that was a year and plus of flying with it it's amazing it's worth the upgrade but I'll do uh a whole separate little intro on the new 8000 uh garment system because now we're with that system we're no longer controlling the gain it's automatic we don't have to control the Tilt it's automatic it's more of a 3D representation of the weather and um it also for us it's a really big deal we live here in Utah we've got mountains everywhere and so you're trying to see the weather and you're trying to not see the mountains and well they're stacked on top of each other so this new system actually can erase the ground returns and show you just the weather for me that's not just a cool thing that's a save your life kind of a thing so uh really excited about that uh getting turned on here in the next couple weeks literally the Hardware's in we just got to go they're going to go activate it and and so that's going to be great um we put in a GI uh 275 you guys have all seen that round Garmin unit it's amazing it displays so much information so well I can't believe it's such a small lightweight little backup um display so that's going in there um we had a Garmin 750 already in the plane when it was in this configuration and a 650 but we wanted to go to two 750s and we wanted to go to the XI um the XI is a big upgrade again I probably could do a video on just the difference between a gtn 750 and the gtn 750xi and I I should probably do that sometime uh it's too much to try to hit in this especially after flying it it's it's after flying the XI when you're used to the 750 that you start going no um they shouldn't even still be both called 750s like I know 750 and a 750xi they should have called it a 790 or given it any other number because the idea that they're the same it's not it's just the footprint but it has so many benefits it's worth the upgrade so then a really big thing for us was the GFC autopilot and for me that was a big deal because the Garmin kept not the Garmin but the old autopilot would kick off in bumps it's done that in this airplane from the start and then as I have talked to other pilots on Legacy Pates and flown other Legacy Pates so many of them have had the same problem and same complaint that a common feedback is that the autopilot in the Legacy plates will get people killed and maybe even has and I don't want to get into that debate that's not what this is for I just want to show you the upgrades we're doing but I can say for me personally that no matter how many times the autopilot was looked at this plane to fix a repair it was always found to be the same thing that when it's just really bad turbulence it's going to turn off and there's nothing worse than being in a 30° Bank hard IMC intercepting base to Final close to the ground and you're in bumps and rain and it turns off and your hand flying out of a turn um not ready for it you'd be better off and far more prepared to just hand fly the whole approach which incidentally I got to a point that I didn't trust this autopilot enough that if it was ever really really bumpy I did not turn it on cuz I thought it will get me killed um because if it turns off when I'm not ready I could get tasks saturated and end up with a bad situation so the GFC 600 Auto P was something we definitely needed to get in there change out all the servos so you'll see some of that in the video I'm quite excited about the weight difference and I can tell you in fact I'll get maybe an update at the end of the video the um the autopilot wasn't a small change it was it's a whole new airplane and I mean that in every way how it flies how it handles bumps it is never turned off it's been in there for over a year now and that 600 is worth its weight and gold and honestly believe it will save life if you have a legacy patus just go get the autopilot upgraded it needs to be done that's just my honest opinion so not to be over dramatic about it do it so um of course the uh GTX 345 um the transponders we needed to change out and we did one that wanted to fit one in the panel I didn't want to do two in the panel but I did want two transponders um so I did one remote Mount and then one in the panel the one in the panel I never even use it it's nice to see it in the panel so I could but I usually control it just off the 750 XI and um so we did both those the gdl 69a uh for XM uh music and entertainment and XM weather had to put that in there the GSR 56 data link uh Mike's fault that we bought that um I was uh like let's do what let's do all the cool stuff but maybe we don't need to do this there's a lot of enablement a lot of things in the background that you don't have to do you can kind of make your panel really expensive or really affordable and it's up to you and your budget and what matters the GSR 56 data link was one of those things is like ah and my brother Mike was like yeah we're doing it we're doing it we're doing everything let's you know spend the money get it done and um the data link uh lets you get data downloaded um from satellites uh anywhere in the world and um I had it save my butt on just one trip in particular coming back from Mexico and I didn't just need the data because you don't have XM or adsb when you're out of the country and a simple trip down to Cabo is a common thing for us but the very first trip to Cabo with the new panel that data link gave me weather information that weather had gone below minimums at our border crossing Landing you know checkpoint and um and it let me then make a phone call and uh solve the issue so um and schedule another airport I didn't want to cross into America from Mexico and go land somewhere that they weren't ready for me and and get in trouble I don't he probably get in a lot of trouble so anyway I can sometimes show some pictures I took some screenshots and images of that that trip and the weather that came in and how it happened partway home and how I was able to use not just the fact that I'm down WEA when I'm out of the country but it also gives you cell phone information um or capabilities through your 750 and texting and to be able to just have your headphone on and make a phone call I have used so many times in the last year that I can't believe that I even question Mike on the 56 the GSR 56 data link it's Priceless it's worth every penny and I love it and then we did the audio panel the GMA 35 uh remote Mount I believe it's 35c it's great Bluetooth always works for entertainment and and other inputs that we using on it and the integration and have all the controls right within the 750 is also great could do a video on that too but what I'll try to do is stop yamon and let you see what it took to get that panel installed in Perry so with all that said let's go back in time so this is uh this is a big meeting for you and me I'm so excited because it's time to tackle this we do so many experimental airplanes and now we want to like payiz the patus yeah so this patus has been on our field since brand new yeah since 2001 and it's been owned by either one of our best friends or business partners since the start and now it's completely ours no Partners just it's the py plane it's the py plane well a lot of people ask well what is the 2 two Lima Papa stand for yeah so there's a couple things if you look it up 2 two most important there's three primary but one of them stands for twins yep the other is adaptability and prosperity so we love the number 22 that works good uh Lima papa there's two ways you could look at that it could it could be let's Prosper which is pretty good the twins let's Prosper I think it's let's party so there you go let's prosper and let's party uh first thing is speed mods there's several speed mods but the biggest thing of course there's prop there's a calling that we want to do some testing on several different swaps but the horsepower is the big one pratton Whitney Bratton Whitney we need your P model avionics is probably the next most important thing because I go like this avionics first engine first no oh my gosh so I'm all about speed and horsepower she knew it was going to be engine for me but um we've been flying platus for so many years I my first platus I ever flew was this one 20 years ago right nearly 20 years ago and uh I love it so platus has just just killed it we love the plane um unfortunately and I can only think it's because it just wasn't available um I I'm a Garmin fan everyone knows I'm a Garmin fan but I think a lot of people in aviation are and Garmin just I've tried the earlier platus I've tried the mid series upgraded Plaza I've tried the most recent platus and and uh I'm sorry it's Garin all the way for me so it doesn't matter what year maker model I I want an all Garing glass panel so we got to go Garmin glass well the good news is um there's been garmenting these uh you could upgrade to the 750 650 from the old 53030 which this one has but now you can get the 750 650xi you can get the new g600 um uh for your primary flight displays um we're going to try to fit in some others but just recently they came out with the Eis so now we can have engine information because we've seen these with the 600 in it but with the old the old engine information so now of the Garment information we can push to all of them and now they've just recently got the autopilot you can put the Garmin autopilot in here replace all the servos which will save a lot of weight and it's going to make a big difference on how it flies so yeah garmin's integration to their autopilot is unbelievable so I'm super excited about that have we is there many planes with all those components together yet this will be the first one okay that's what I thought yeah but I want be hurry cuz I want to be first like then we'll tell you if it didn't go good if it went good but let's be first there's at least one with the Garmin e in it I know there's one at least one with the Garmin autopilot in it but this as as far as I know will be the first and only so far or at today's date of the new autopilot the Eis and all the Garment information so um so we'll get that done of course got to do interior is probably the cheapest part of this and we'll get that done and then we're going to have to pick someone to paint it and that's going to be a challenge too because we've got several good companies to choose from this is the current paint that is that's our airplane and it's it's beautiful but it is a little tired yeah it looks it's it looks perfect from 20 ft or at least from 2,000 ft when it flies over fly by it looks absolutely fantastic amazing so it's a little tired it's it's 20 years tired so uh let's do interior and paint at the same time I want I want to Brand it for best tuugs no doubt we're going to have to put best tugs like real big like on the side here or on the tail or something on the belly or we'll come up with we got to get best tugs on it so okay so your thoughts are and and I agree is engine first avionics paint paint and Inter interor at the same time whenever whenever we get it done I agree well make a Big Gulp twice let's break up open the piggy banks and get to it love it okay so um we're going to put the GFC 600 we're going to move from here down to where that transponder was and then put the GD or GCU 485 right above it here that's where we are that's where we ended up today I'm pretty excited about that you guys happy about that yes we are I think it's going to look pretty cool okay we've gone over the layout super stoked about it it's going to be awesome um I had a few questions while I was flying out these are going to go real quick and easy then we may have some discussions on them but some of these I already know the answer to but I just want to make sure I got it so okay the uh weather radar um the plan is to go with garmin's new radar that's right tell me about it like I'm I'm excited only because like everyone else is excited and I know you're excited excited about it like I don't understand the difference between the radar I've got and how it sweeps and garments but you're an enthusiasm makes me enthusiastic so I spent the money like help me understand it what are the differences go I'll let you do it go ahead I mean it's a solid state piece of equipment it's a lot newer technology than the Honeywell art 2000 that you have in there so it actually doesn't have mechanical stuff out there swinging around oh it does it's still that's swinging back and forth you can do a horiz Al scan or you can do a vertical scan the difference is that it's fully digital and it does not consume anywhere near as much power as the ar2000 does okay and as we discussed earlier on it's on the high-speed Data Network so it's streaming its data to all of the now I can display it on any I can display it on the 1060 on the left or the right or the 700 right above my throttles or even on the 750 correct or all at the same time you can have one run you can have one running vertical and you can have one running horizontal at the same time at the same time yeah oh wow now somebody was I don't if it was garment saying something too about where you get what will it auto tilt and well so as you're pitching up and then leveling off will it B itself or do you still tilt up and down it'll get you can manually adjust it to null out ground clutter uh but it is tied to the ahar so it will automatically stabilize itself based on the you have holy cow I'm just telling you okay that's so cool it's it's punching through weather it it sees deeper right instead of just the front wall it's it's actually more of a 3D view well on the radar you got in there you get into some weather and it would just hit the wall yeah and then attenuate and I mean you can't see behind it yeah so you're going to that's going to be limited on on that old radar yeah this one's not going to be like that you're going to see you're going exced yeah you're going to be pretty po pretty awesome so here's the thing the the the Legacy plates are are significantly lighter hundreds of pounds lighter than the NG and the NG they increased the gross weight roughly 500 lb so that you have this higher uh payload but the payload didn't increase nearly as much as the gross weight increased the gross weight increase meant that the heavier airplane still had a higher payload but it's not like the and I'm using round numbers because I don't have them off the top of my head but say the the gross weight of the aircraft increased about 500 lb but the plane got like 3 or 4 100 lb heavier yeah roughly right yeah so the nice thing about these older plet is and why I decided to put the big motor in it the papa motor to have the extra speed um and the Garment panel is now in the end I end up with an airplane significantly less weight than an NG but I get the big engine of the NG and I get the Garin panel like yeah so and on a platus every 200 lbs of weight is about 100 ft per minute on your climb average and every 200 lb of weight so if you figure passenger in their bag right um is one knot true air speed at altitude so 1,000 lb less weight is is five knots at cruise and so for me it's like let's if I can get this thing down to where we get the weight down really really light with the panel change which is definitely going to drop weight yes um trying to get the payload to be the same the useful full fuel payload to be similar to an NG then I have an airplane with the same kind of payload capacity but I have a lighter weight airplane so shorter takeoffs faster climb faster Cruise will you do me a favor as you're pulling it um and every wire that comes out every connector and every terminal put it in a box like this is Mark P's box of Joy okay so that I can come down I want to pick it up and go this is gone all this like I just want to feel it I want to cuddle up with it at night and and leave it home and never fly with it never fly with it yeah right do that be awesome okay label it Mark's box of Joy okay that'll be sweet like seeing the plane this empty like all these big heavy boxes coming out turning into empty Bays is like really exciting and also it's kind of sad because the plane looks so naked and alone but I'm going to leave it here in capable hands and they'll take good care of it but it is nice to see what kind of condition this plane is in you know it's been Utah dry desert climate since birth since it was brand new it's been at our Spanish Fork airport so it's nice to have it this opened up and see it's in this kind of condition but all this all that comes out so that all that can come out and it started and it is Wednesday the 21st of September so I just had my birthday so happy birthday me yay if that's uh if that's not a worthwhile you just turned 50 old fart birthday present to self new panel and interior getting done too we'll go check on them when we get back but that's a that's a good birthday present everything that was all the boxes and all those wires are all going away so new and improved and Incredibly lightweight and old heavy brick goodbye this like this is going to be so awesome I can't believe how much weight like look at all this stuff coming out of here all these boxes that are just all going away and replaced with much lighter better in fact all those for the most part won't even exist they're just built into the little flat displays in the in the panel this is why you you just make sure you rip out all the old wires you don't just keep adding wires on top of wires because eventually you have a Rat's Nest and then you bring it to a real professional avionic shop and let them just start over all right we're going to introduce you to Cole Cole's job is to put this plane on a diet and you're pulling all kinds of weight out of here aren't you yes sir like we are not going to leave any wires that we don't need every no cutting and terminating here we're like stripping exactly we just we want skinny airplanes because they're faster and they climb better so awesome thanks Cole no problem we're partway through the progress it's not done yet but we're just checking up on it and they've got a box here Mark's box of happiness and look at all those wires I mean this is like have you weighed this not yet it's got be at least 30 40 lb yeah it's like 30 or 40 lb it it is a ton of weight in just wires and none of that goes back in the communications now are on one or two wires not these big massive bundles to run into every single component you know you can every you got a communication goes from one one component to another and it goes to another to another to another and they all share the information you have to run separate wires to everything from everywhere so like I'm happy if you can't tell I I am very very happy and this box is just going to keep getting heavier and the plane's going to keep getting lighter moreu that's coming out of the plane that's being replaced but with very small parts integrated into nice little packages and screens where it's all integrated but these are symol generators for our flight displays those are gone those don't come back all of one of those big huge heavy boxes going to be replaced by little computer chips inside of a display um and another smaller box but all of this stuff's gone um these are autopilot control units they're gone the big heavy autopilot stuff is gone everything that's replacing this is probably all these components are going to be replaced probably weighs about as much as one of these I mean we're just saving weight it's so awesome anybody ever has wondered why avionics installs aren't cheap um they're worth it obviously it's always worth it but we we get these heart attacks when we get the quote on the bill we're like just pull the old stuff out plug the new stuff in but it's a little more than that look at that there's nothing left in the front of this airplane I mean all this has to just come out and completely get redone no small project but it's going to be less weight it's going to be so Superior and uh I'm just glad I'm not doing it I'll leave it to experts I'm good at this stuff but I not to do something this big this this is insane I don't want to touch it more more stuff just gone but this is this is old heavy I mean all of these just the new stuff's so much lighter and so much less weight just all this just gone okay this is something I really like that these guys do is they'll first cut all the panels the new panel Parts out of out of the clear plastic so this then they can put them in and make sure that nothing's going to be crashing into what we'd call sacred soil or parts of the the panel structure um and the avionics aren't going to hit it so when they put it on there they can see right through and see if something needs to move to the left or right a little bit so that's my Center this will be a 750 and a 750 and then a 700 for my engine monitor there this will be the control head for the autopilot this is the autopilot here this is a Auto Land button and I forget that button say smart Glide SM oh yeah smart Glide and this one low Bank low bank right so that's like Cuts your bank angle in half and then that's your smart Glide if you have an engine fil you hit the button and let the autopilot fly back to the airport so that'll be a nice new addition and then this is my left and right so this would be the pilot side got a 275 that's my flap indicator my caution warning and then my 1060 screen or the 600 and then on the other side it's kind of a mirror image and uh you'll see there's very few holes very few uh things going on just a whole lot of glass so it will be a simple airplane to fly CU there's not so many buttons and switches and knobs and things to turn and play with anymore it's all so integrated so I love that they do this and they can trial fit it um I've built a lot of panels on the experimental planes we've done and we just kind of take lots of measurements and try to put it in and we've gotten lucky sometimes and other times we put the panel in and went oh my gosh how' we miss that and this is brilliant I hadn't seen this before and so for me maybe some of you have seen this before but for me this is new and I'm going to steal this trick on our experimental airplanes that's just so easy to see how things work so learning stuff stealing ideas from the pros all right so this is the new harness is well underway you can look for so much information that's going on how little wires actually are coming out of it and this is a primary flight display on the pilot side and so um this is the the architecture for the whole system and how everything communicates one thing I liked is instead of just say you've got your your 750s in the middle and you're going out to your 1060s or your 600s and your other information kind of starting in the middle like a hub and spoke and going out with this kind of data you can go out and loop back and so that if any system fails or breaks down or loses a connection there wasn't just data going out back and forth to one piece of information they they go out and come back in a full loop so that no single failure in the system can take out anything behind it one thing I noticed um you see this in shops but a lot of what I'd call the affordable shops which are the ones I don't like to fly behind um you get what you pay for especially with avionics um in a shop like this and the really nice shops all these wires they're printed everything is is right on on the harness and they they don't just print it at the end of what that wire is it goes all the way through the whole system so no matter where they cut the wire when they're put in the plane they still have the data just a few inches away of exactly what wires are in there and where they go and so there isn't this uh little tape around the end of a wire that says this is what it is it's all the way down and that just makes future updates and Service uh a lot easier for everybody and certainly makes a lot safer install [Music] [Applause] I'm so excited I woke up this so many times last night feel like feel like it was Christmas like I was a little kid going Santa's already come I know it oh my gosh look I'm just too old to CR crank it I get tired it has a cing on it and everything what they're just doing they're doing they're checking out this uh oh my God on it it's always the there's always that last few little things once you get her out we're close oh I've missed it I've missed it how are you guys doing hey Mark how you doing buddy good I can't wait to see this thing with interior but right now I just can't wait to see oh my gosh well it's definitely time to show you the panel as it's all done and running and we'll get you some cool shots of that but more importantly uh check back in there's too much that that's gone into this panel and now that it's been over a year of actually flying behind it that I'd like to share that some of my favorite things that I didn't expect that deserve their own little 5 10 minute videos by themselves but if I were going to pick one thing at the end of this video there's some my f I got to pick two I can't even pick one first the autopilot holy cow this is not the same platus it's not the same plane it doesn't fly the same it doesn't do departures the same approaches the same it has never turned off once it is not gone into the bumps and said your plane at the worst possible time so over a year and the plane the panel itself has squawk free the autopilot has been Rock Solid so I'm going to say that's my number one thing is that autopilot the other big thing is um I saved over 150 pounds out of this airplane between everything we pulled out of the floor all the wires we pulled out of it and then how much lighter weight the Garment equipment is put into the panel it was an over 150lb gross weight increase on just the avionic swap now we've done a lot of other things we can show in other videos on how we pulled a bunch more weight out of this airplane but it's a full passenger and if you think of plat say it's a $6 million airplane and full fuel they can hold five people or six people depending on how it's equipped well if it's a lightweight plane and if you're saying $6 million for six people just for easy math that's a million a seat for passengers that's what you pay to have the seats that usable seats it has 10 but if you can't use them you can't count them so for me over 150 lbs in panel that's at a million dollar per 200 lb or per seat it's a million dollar value right there and it makes a difference so there you go those are my two favorite we'll uh go into a bunch more of the cool things in another video check out the panel I hope you love it as much as we have take care oh yeah let's go play

  Top Comments:
  1. @RICKMUSK-12 [2 likes]: I’ve seen a few of your videos. I love what you did on your house. That was amazing. One of my favorite planes is a Pilates PC 24 great JET the Pilates PC 12 is an amazing PHANE I love that too. I’ve been in those many many times I’ve been flying for 30 years. Keep up the great work. I love watching your channel. I’m new to your channel even though I’ve seen your videos before, thank you
  2. @elosogonzalez8739 [2 likes]: Hi Mark! Ya think you can help out Mike and produce a few videos. Fans are having "Patey Family Withdrawl"! Hope all is well with your health. All the best sir.❤😊
  3. @larryehrlich57 [1 likes]: Always go for an "aft cg"...within limits!  An aft cg will fly slightly faster than a forward cg. An aft cg will climb slightly faster then a forward cg. Go for aft cg's. You'll save a little money and your cruise speed will be slightly faster.
  4. @mm10983 [1 likes]: I fly PC12/47s out of Boise and we have two set up with the all the Gamin avionics you listed including the EIS. We absolutely love it! The autopilot is absolutely rock solid compared to one we have with the legacy autopilot and avionics. Great setup!!
  5. @markross369: 31:40 templates are pretty new in the world but super useful. Mike and Mark are the type of guys that have “love laugh live” painted in their house lol
  6. @FrodeLøtvedt: Everybody knows Mike needed another turbine engine for his next build...
  7. @NotLast805: 32:59 Maybe GripLock Ties needs some fat ties so you can put labels on the tail...
  8. @seancrumby3241: I love glass cockpits but I personally will keep a analog aircraft attitude indicator that's just me.
  9. @Milkmans_Son: I realize you  just bought the 5 blade, but but have you looked at the Silent 7?
  10. @wagnergitirana: For about 2 years I have not watched  many aviation videos including the  Patey’s. Then I watched one video the popped about a C401 that perfectly landed in Arlington, Texas on May 22,2025 without gears, and that lead to this one. Life is passing really fast in front of us … surely we got to take inventory of it. Very glad to know you are fine and healthy 🙏🏻
  11. @TaterRogers: Sorry for your losses. My sincere condolences for your family. I have had 13 loved ones pass since 2021 and it's tough. I am trying to find my life back too. I am glad you are resetting.
  12. @clarencehopkins7832: 💪💪🇺🇸
  13. @DerredmaxTRIAX: So sorry for the losses brother. That is the best looking panel I have ever seen. Great work!!!
  14. @laxpilot8: how much does a swap like this cost? just curious as a mechanic.
  15. @afwalker501: Thanks for sharing your journey Mark. Appreciate the pirep's on these Garmin products.
  16. @ElSwissCanardo: PC 12 Pro now with G3000 are you going for it?
  17. @JSJnay: Tiny screens.
  18. @onenesswithJesus: Happy-B-Day  the PC -12 is a beauty to me is one the best planes ever Created. love to fly on one day.
  19. @Michaelpress14: I’ll keep this in mind when shopping for my pc-12 ( I have $37 in my bank account)
  20. @chrispy104k: 26:30 - Gee whiz... there's a lot of cable in that thing.  It's a good thing they are all labelled.  🤷‍♂

- Pilatus PC-12 Autothrottle UPGRADE: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys welcome back to my little group right here in front of me is the Pilatus pc-12 a lot of you are already familiar with this aircraft but this particular aircraft is just a model for this company that's shown it here I'm just gonna get in the airplane for you so what they offer actually is a cockpit upgrade okay and here I am from the cockpit of the pc-12 and from what I've been told though when I was talking to the rep there what they provided you again is your kV Onix upgrade if you need to but also they provide some really cool stuff like autothrottle for a turbine or turboprop airplane I'm gonna get someone to talk to me a little bit and tell you guys more about all of this good stuff yeah hi this is Tom gran Beck I'm with innovative solutions and support I'm the director of auto throttle programs with a company what we have here is the first turboprop full regime autothrottle system that we're offering on the pc-12 as well as King air also we have a full panel upgrade as well that could be a separate option in two different configurations all right well the autothrottle computer is in with the standby unit so in order to install the autothrottle as an upgrade what we do is replace your existing standby unit with our standby unit which has the autothrottle computer in it then down here with the power control lever we had an actuator just below the lever in line with the cable what you see is our full panel next-gen fourth-dimension system that includes the autothrottle as well as an enhanced vision system and with all your earned PRT a and our RV SM and next-gen mandates already taken care of within this system okay and this is mainly geared towards I would say you would say turboprop airplane yes okay now in terms of you said this can also include an avionics upgrade IAM and all that do you only work with particular avionics companies like you mentioned next-gen so what yeah these are our panels okay and what we do is have them installed up a lot of service centers around the country okay and for the King air we have those installed and King air service centers around the country okay so let me just reiterate what you in terms when it comes to the avionics upgrade it's your your panels right that the customer would get yes okay awesome and that's what you're looking at okay now are you able to give me some idea of the numbers if a customer came to you right now they want this product what what are they looking at in terms of okay for this for this system which is a 10 inch 15 inch 10 inch system okay with the autothrottle it's $320,000 installs okay and then we also have a panel with the autothrottle that's 10 inch 10 inch and 10 inch 3 10 inch displays that's $200,000 installed ok now last question can you can this be separate whatever customer just wanted the auto auto system yep ok so and how much would that cost them ok just the autothrottle upgrade into your existing system is fifty four thousand five hundred dollars okay awesome well there you have a guys thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jan_mxv [5 likes]: I think you gotta upgrade your camera gear. Can’t really see what’s on those screens.
  2. @accreditedinvestor6064 [3 likes]: Mike you are one of the few people that are actually asking the questions that really matter, keep up the good work.
  3. @donjohnston3776 [2 likes]: It would be nice if you had another 3 minutes to tell us what an autothrottle is, how it works and what the benefit is.
  4. @grahamarnott7924 [2 likes]: Yes please! I love that... anything the reduces the pilot workload has to be a good thing, particularly on a really complicated aircraft like the PC or KA.

Not sure the panel upgrade pays but $55k for the auto throttle? Yes please.
  5. @Gratefulwon [1 likes]: As someone who fly’s one of these for a living, the auto throttle seems like a waste of $$. The panel upgrade looks great, and as the old tubes wear out, demand will surely grow. Call me old school, but I still like a simple EPS and gyro, my buddy took a lightning strike in a lear and the entire cockpit was dead. But auto throttle? I’d rather have a raise. They pay me to push and pull things, I can continue. The appeal will be there for private owners with 1200 hours and gadget love. But more automation and misunderstandings of systems can happen, auto throttle’s have gotten experienced flight crews in trouble.
  6. @groovygrover7994 [1 likes]: These folks are already competing with the Cessna Denali..Competition  is healthy for the consumer
  7. @ThomasSchick [1 likes]: 👍🏻
  8. @davelewis3022 [1 likes]: How Much!!!
  9. @Gitempest [1 likes]: So what does the auto throttle accomplish? Prop rpm vs tourque?
  10. @Handymanherb: I wish you leave it to people who know something and are using the product, instead of well I'm in the cockpit have no idea what is going on, let me go see if I can get someone to tell you
  11. @michaelmcconnell3777: The company' name is Innovative Solutions or IS&S. They make EFIS retrofit displays for Boeing and business aviation jets. ThrustSense is a product from their learnings of the Eclipse 500 and its autothrottle system, applied to turboprop aircraft since the owner has a PC-12.
  12. @rfresh1011: Funny how a video about auto throttles doesn’t tell you anything about how it works...only the price...a very poorly done video.
  13. @f3nd13y: cmon now, this is cool but absolutely unnecessary
  14. @parkerschmitt1594: Can this fly radius to fix legs for RNP RNAV?
  15. @hendrilombok7760: The display & autothrotlle system  seems looks alike IS&S .. is it comes from the same company?
  16. @doranjaffas7351: I have flown right seat in one of these one time. A fantastic airplane!

- Why the Pilatus PC-12 PRO will Redefine Turboprops in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The PC-12 Pro isn't just upgrading avionics, it's quietly rewriting the rules of what a single-engine aircraft can safely handle. Pilatus' PC-12 Pro blends next-gen avionics, smart automation, and proven versatility into what may become aviation's smartest turboprop. And here's where the story really begins. Long before the word Pro was ever added. The Pilatus PC-12 didn't become legendary overnight. It earned that reputation one mission at a time. Built as a true utility aircraft, it could land on rough strips, haul serious cargo, and still feel refined enough for executives in tailored suits. That balance is exactly why CEOs, medevac crews, military units, and government agencies all ended up trusting the same airplane. Normally, aircraft live in one lane. The PC-12 never did. One day, it's flying a family across the country in pressurized comfort. Next, it's evacuating patients or moving supplies into places jets can't even think about reaching. So, when Pilatus calls this version the PC-12 Pro, it's not a cosmetic badge. It's a systemic shift. This is the moment where a proven workhorse quietly turns into a next-generation intelligence platform without losing what made it trusted in the first place. At 82, we're going to slowly pull back and rotate. Because this flying, we put the white attitude into the purple bars. Then, positive rate gear comes up. >> Gear up. Your autopilot comes on. And above 100, we bring up the flaps. And this is where theory meets reality. Back at the Pilatus factory in Switzerland, the PC-12 Pro isn't being shown in a showroom, it's being flown. At the controls is Patrick, a Pilatus test pilot and the project pilot for the PC-12 Pro program. These aren't marketing flights. Factory test flights exist to stress systems, validate logic, and make sure nothing breaks when things get uncomfortable. The departure itself tells you everything. IFR takeoff straight into fog, climbing blind until the aircraft punches through into sunlight above the clouds, mountains everywhere, tight airspace, rapid weather changes. Switzerland isn't just scenic, it's unforgiving. If avionics or automation have weaknesses, the Alps will expose them fast. That's why Pilatus tests here. If the PC-12 Pro works here, it works anywhere. Watching this flight, you don't feel like you're seeing a demo. It feels more like a controlled challenge. And the aircraft looks completely at home. When you look in the cockpit, are these massive 14-in touchscreen displays? Pilatus and Garmin have worked hard together to integrate Garmin's G3000 Prime avionics system. Now, this this is where everything changes. The heart of the PC-12 Pro is Garmin's latest integrated flight deck, and it's immediately obvious this isn't a small upgrade. Front and center are three massive 14-in touchscreen displays, all fully interactive. Touch any screen. Control anything. No wrong display nonsense. Behind the scenes, the system is split into primary display units and secondary display units, but for the pilot, it feels seamless. Everything talks to everything. Information flows instead of being hunted down. What really stands out is why Garmin designed it this way. This system isn't just for airline veterans, it's built for low-hour pilots and professionals. Every task is designed to take less time, fewer button presses, less head-down work, more eyes outside. Compared to older cockpits where pilots jumped between knobs, menus, and buried pages, this feels intuitive, almost familiar, like using a modern tablet, but without dummying anything down. And here's the key. Touchscreen doesn't add workload here, it removes it. Route changes, weather checks, frequency tuning, things that used to break concentration now happen with a tap. Have you ever watched a pilot get overloaded at the wrong moment? Garmin's philosophy here is simple. Reduce those moments before they happen. The PC-12 Pro isn't just showing information, it's anticipating what the pilot will need next. Ask yourself this. In bad weather or busy airspace, would you rather fight menus or just touch what you want? Wait, you're watching right now, but not subscribed to the channel. Go ahead and smash that subscribe button so we can move on with the video. You did? Okay, cool. Now, back to the story. And here's something most people never think about until it goes wrong. Taxiing is where accidents quietly happen. The PC-12 Pro tackles that with safe taxi and synthetic vision, even on the ground. Taxiways appear exactly as they do outside. Numbers, layouts, intersections, all matched in real time. The Pilatus factory, this gets surreal. The aircraft literally taxies across public roads. Traffic lights activate, cars stop. And on the screen, you see it all happening exactly as it does outside. That real-world correlation matters. At complex airports, in low visibility, or unfamiliar layouts, confusion disappears. It's not flashy, it's just smart. And smart systems are the ones that keep pilots out of trouble when nobody's watching. And this is where flying in the mountains stops being intimidating and starts feeling controlled. The PC-12 Pro's terrain awareness system doesn't just warn you late, it shows you early. Terrain overlays light up in clear logic. Red for anything at or above your altitude, brownish-green for terrain just below. One glance tells you what's dangerous and what's safe. Then come the audible warnings. Terrain ahead. Calm, firm, impossible to ignore. But the real magic is predictive impact visualization. Even on the map and synthetic vision, the system shows where a conflict could happen if nothing changes. In alpine regions or remote strips, this matters more than speed or luxury. Weather shifts fast. Valleys close in. Runways hide. The PC-12 Pro doesn't wait for mistakes, it nudges pilots away from them. For mountain flying, this isn't a nice feature. It's survival-grade intelligence. Now, here's the part that genuinely feels human. The autothrottle doesn't wait for things to get bad. It watches trends. If speed decays toward danger, the system steps in before limits are crossed, adding power smoothly, almost quietly. This isn't automation fighting you, it's cooperating. The philosophy is simple. Protect pilots without taking control away. No abrupt inputs, no panic responses, just steady guidance. It's the difference between being scolded and being supported. And in real-world flying, that difference can save lives. Now, step out of the cockpit and into the surprise. The PC-12 Pro's cabin stretches 16 ft 5 in long, nearly 5 ft wide, and tall enough to move comfortably. On paper, it sounds reasonable. Inside, it feels massive. Seating is fully configurable. Executive club seating for business trips, commuter layouts for maximum passengers, or strip it down into a full cargo hauler. Few aircraft switch personalities this easily. Then there are the windows. Huge, panoramic. Each one makes commercial airline windows feel like mail slots. Natural light floods the cabin, tricking your brain into thinking you're in something much bigger. Noise? Surprisingly low. Despite being a turboprop, conversations happen at normal volume. Pressurization keeps things calm and comfortable. Let's talk about the muscle behind all this intelligence. The PC-12 Pro runs on a Pratt & Whitney PT6A-67B, producing 1,200 shaft horsepower. If that engine name sounds familiar, it should. It's one of the most trusted power plants in aviation history. But the real flex, short takeoff and landing. This aircraft can lift off in about 2,400 ft and land even shorter. Grass, gravel, dirt, places jets will never touch. That opens doors, literally. Remote airports, mountain strips, underserved regions. It's not about flying fast between major hubs. It's about reaching places others can't. We also have this auto land feature which will automatically land the airplane in case of a pilot incapacitation. You can start it by pushing the button. Or if the pilot is by himself and hasn't interacted with the system for up to 30 minutes, it will automatically enter auto land. This might be the most important feature you hope you never need. The PC-12 Pro includes emergency auto land. One button press and the aircraft takes over. Completely. If the pilot becomes incapacitated and doesn't interact with the system for a set time, auto land activates automatically. From there, the aircraft thinks for itself. It analyzes weather, terrain, runway length, and performance. Selects the safest airport, flies the approach, lands, brakes, and shuts down the engine. No pilot input, no panic, just execution. For general aviation, this is a seismic shift. Families, single pilots, medical flights. This system turns worst-case scenarios into survivable ones. It's not flashy. It's life insurance with wings. And the beauty is, it all works everywhere. Let's talk reality. A new PC-12 costs around $5.4 million, while used models start closer to $2.5 to $3 million. Charter rates hover between $3,000 and $4,000 per hour. Far less than comparable jets. Fuel burn is lower. Maintenance is simpler. Dispatch reliability is high. And the safety record? One of the best in general aviation. Many PC-12s log tens of thousands of hours without incident. The Pilatus PC-12 Pro isn't chasing trends. It's setting the standard. With automation that protects, avionics that anticipate, and performance that adapts, this aircraft proves the future of aviation isn't louder or faster. It's smarter. So, what do you think? Would you trust a single-engine aircraft like this? Drop your take below, hit like, subscribe, and stick around. More coming.

  Top Comments:
  1. @christy6828 [4 likes]: That's quite a nice airplane . . . I'll take two please.  Put it on my tab.
  2. @MikeB-in1nd [3 likes]: Unfortunately mostly pilot error
  3. @jonathanbolding4164 [2 likes]: Not if Epic Air has anything to say about it!!!
  4. @marcogentili5643 [1 likes]: Beautiful machine, but never on one only engine aircraft......
I don't feel safe.
  5. @gavinclaassen6440 [1 likes]: All this screen display stuff is great until the plane suffers a lightning strike and all those engine and nav monitoring screens go dead at the worst possible time !? Not too smart folks, at least have half the instrument panel with proven old school dials and instruments, and maybe half with fancy assed screens .
  6. @jon00tz: Does the Pc12 PRO Come with a 4/blade 5/blade option or a 3screen 4screen option or do you think your viewers are dopes??
  7. @johnsmith-ht3sy: Very popular aircraft in Safari transfers from Int Airport to remote bush Game Lodge airstrip. In Zambia, Rhodesia, Bots, and SA.
  8. @jimsteinway695: Why do they crash so much?

- The OUTRAGEOUS Costs Of Owning a Private Jet... (Can We Still Afford It?): Kind: captions Language: en so the total cost out the door for our first maintenance bill on the Cessna Citation was [Music] sure you guys saw this video coming it's time we discussed the obscene egregious cost of owning a private jet so if you've been around the block a time or two you would know you could pick up an old private jet for sometimes as little as like fifty thousand dollars now not saying it's legal to fly but you know you have a private jet so how much does it actually cost to like run it and will it make you go broke this one's really trying to do just that so we just got our beautiful Cessna Citation 501 SP back from its first service and uh let's just say my bank account is crying this was supposed to be a small easy little maintenance uh routine checkup but let's just say the final bill out the door would make you think that it was anything but that if you've been watching the channel for a while you would know that we haven't posted a video with this plane for a while I'm about to explain why but you probably saw the Reveal video at this plane in the first times flying it those videos all went like semi-viral within the aviation community on YouTube I mean over 1 million views on the Reveal video thank you guys so much for blowing that video up and then the first play with it like half a million views every video we post with this plane goes crazy and for good reason I think there's a shortage of this sort of content on YouTube there are very few private jet owners that are willing to show you what it's actually like to own a plane the costs associated with fixing it running it you guys see Owen Wolf James fly this plane on the channel and we're able to take you up into the cockpit to show you the action and you all really really enjoy that I enjoy making the content I don't enjoy getting into the cockpit six foot six not really meant for people my height yeah I just gotta swing my lit okay well I don't need to get in here we're not going flying yet maybe at the end of this video we'll show you some clips but the point of this video is to be in a nice quiet environment sitting inside the plane going over what was done how much it costs to do and why I am extremely frustrated for multiple reasons shocker oh boy the comment section is going to be juicy on this one I told you that was a stupid idea buying that plane I told you you wouldn't be able before that I knew that plane would make you go bankrupt why did you buy that old piece of crap you're the dumbest Aviation YouTuber there has ever been yeah I know there was a lot of hate comments when we announced purchasing this plane all right maybe some of you are right let's actually close the door so it's extra nice and quiet in here push this this swings in all right nice and quiet let's talk numbers as far as I know I have never seen a YouTuber who owns a private jet talk about the cost of ownership you know what maintenance items you might run into in case you know you wanted to go out and buy a private jet you know what to expect right you see it for cars all the time just got my Lamborghini back from service let's talk how much it costs to own uh two thousand dollars for fluid changes and annual service and everybody's like oh my gosh I don't think I will ever complain about a car maintenance item ever again none of our cars will ever come close to the magnitude and expense of maintenance that is this private jet you think owning a Ferrari or Lamborghini is expensive I'm telling you that is peanuts compared to what I'm about to outline and the cost to maintain something like this I guess I shouldn't be surprised one's a car that has four wheels and goes like 200 miles an hour and one's a plane that has three wheels and goes 400 miles an hour so yeah it's gonna be more expensive it's a lot bigger of a toy and it's got a lot more going on and very expensive engines blah blah blah blah blah I get it I get it I was expecting it to be painful I just didn't expect it to be this painful let's review where do we start um there's big maintenance items and there's small maintenance items on a jet like this you'll hear it described in different ways citation this one in particular it's phases so you'll hear like phase one two three four five and then different planes they'll call them checks like HX B checks C checks other planes we'll just call them inspections and every single check maintenance item or phase has list of required items to inspect replace repair as necessary whatever it may be every plane's different but uh this plane in particular the phase five is the big scary item that you do not want to have to do under your ownership because get this a phase Five inspection is roughly 000 and it's due every two years but it's every four years if you have it on a low utilization maintenance program lump program I had no idea going into this I probably should have done a little more research when I came to maintenance but there's a whole lot of other phases you just only hear the big one through five so you don't hear phase 18 phase 54 phase 38 phase 42 phase 22 and they all have different uh inspection schedules and they're really difficult to track if you're doing it like by hand or by yourself or in your like Excel file on your computer so that's why having a program is really handy like uh we're on Sierra track so it tracks everything it's a decent chunk of change to have this software but it lets you keep really good track of your maintenance so I was watching that and I noticed we had some items upcoming and we are waiting for the registration to finally get approved into our name on the plane so it was kind of just down waiting for that and then these inspection items are coming up really quick and then what do you know they were Upon Us in no time so the plane obviously can't fly it if you have inspections and stuff do it had to go into maintenance we timed out on wow geez let me read off all the stuff that was done a lot of them are just like silly small little items they're important you can't skip them but they're they're simple enough at least I thought they would all be simple enough but they ended up racking up a pretty huge bill all right the inspection for the portable fire extinguisher weight that one's simple that one probably wasn't too much money and we got a pc12 going in front of me hello wow beautiful plane one day except those were millions of dollars and this not even close you could have so many of these for the price of one pc12 I'd rather take six citations than one pc12 okay and then we have elt battery that was due rvsm inspection holy smokes again naive to the fact that I didn't know exactly what's all included in the rbsm STC for this plane you have to do a yearly rvsm check intervals 12 months and uh that was due uh once again I didn't realize how much a simple rbsm check costs right it can't be that much money twenty six hundred dollars so let's get let's get the totals going you know 2600 bucks right out the gate for the rvsm check it passed though yeah thank goodness okay next up we have phase 54. what is Phase 54 I don't know I didn't even know until I logged into the you know the maintenance schedule and I saw it was due it's due every three months or 200 hours so probably must be something small and easy emergency gear bottle hydrostat yeah we'll talk about that one in a minute oh God okay engine Fire Bottle cartridges again sounds harmless right there's four of them and they all need to be replaced and that just for the part three thousand six hundred and eight dollars and then we have a radio altimeter 5G band interference mandatory inspection that okay engine Miner inspection on both sides that's every 24 months or 300 hours I guess they just inspect for any squawks or any engine issues obviously once again importance Lifeline your plane so you want your engines to be in good shape so those were due and some of these were not necessarily due but they were coming up to where I figured okay if they're coming up soon I might as well bundle everything together just so we have plenty of months of error worthy good to go travel where we don't have to worry about items so I did some of these probably a little early okay next up phase 53 inspection what's a phase 53 inspection I don't know but it was due so there are the items I'm sure I'm forgetting a few but that gives you an idea of what the plane needed to be back to airworthy current on all the inspections and ready to fly so I figured it wouldn't be that bad so we took it to a shop in California and swipe food over there in the most recent video I shall not name this shop but I wasn't too pleased with how everything went down there was a lot of just miscommunication Nation basically after about three months 90 days of sitting waiting for these inspections to be done and for the plane to be looked at they reply with hello Jeffrey regretfully our maintenance shop has been overwhelmed with aircraft holding pre-scheduled maintenance commitments and is scheduled to remain fully booked for the next 90 days for this reason we have been unable to provide a timely response to your requests for work on your aircraft we apologize for not being able to work your aircraft's maintenance needs into our meeting schedule however there's another shop on the field here that works on citations and we've advised them of your needs and they will be able to take in your aircraft quickly once again our apologies for not being able to provide the maintenance services you require at this time so this is where it started to go downhill we just waited a long time for what we thought was getting in line to get the maintenance done at this shop right and then after all that time waiting they hit us with that email which I think that's a nice way of saying hey we have some Gulf streams we need to work on and your jet is like the Honda Civic of the Skies so we're not very interested in the work in my opinion there was just a disconnect a lot of miscommunication it did didn't work out with that shop that happens sometimes it's usually no big deal on a car but when you have a jet it's a problem because the three months it was waiting on their ramp for the maintenance uh more items were needed it did not need all those items when we first brought it in for service if that makes sense it only needed like two things looked at okay and then by the time we had to go find another shop it needed whatever those eight things looked at so even if the plane's sitting it still needs all these inspections done a prop plane is just like one annual inspection big whoop but a jet when you're working on these time clocks of 24 months 36 months if it's just sitting it is running you up a massive theoretical like cost if that makes sense that was definitely upsetting because now we have more maintenance items that need to be looked at okay at least we have a recommendation for a shop so we call them I like get in touch with them and they said like oh we'll call you back we'll call you back we'll call you back we'll call you back never heard anything from them they never scheduled Us in and I was back to squares zero needing all these items done and having no idea where to take the plane it's unair worthy because it needs work done can't take it to a different shop uh on a different field it has to be somebody there luckily we referred to one last shot by a different buddy of mine what do you know they were much better about just taking the bull by the horns and getting it done they just solved the problem so we we had the problem of not having the maintenance manuals oh great there's another expense that is ridiculous so they're like hey can you can you provide us with the manuals to do the work I'm like I I don't have any manuals what are you talking about do you and they're like no we don't have manuals I'm like oh well what do we do and they're like well we can rent the manuals I'm like okay cool is it like renting a textbook it'll be like 20 bucks no it was 400 but it is what it is again I just want to get the plane done at this point so I'm like sure just do it go go so they get to work on those items they eventually hit us back with a quote you know a couple weeks later saying okay to do all those items you outlined it's going to be eleven thousand six hundred dollars and I'm like oh man that's a lot of money but it's jet world so maybe not that bad so I'm like okay cool do it so they get working at it I'm like okay I need it done by this deadline because we're planning to take the plane on a business trip this date was the target goal and then we're getting closer and closer and closer two days before this uh trip comes up they're like hey we have good news we have bad news I'm like okay what's the good news they're like we have everything done on the jet everything passed we didn't find any squawks except there's one thing that is not done I'm like well what is it explain more and they're like remember the uh emergency nitrogen landing gear bottle and I go yeah just the hydrostat test no big deal right and they're like well yeah we sent it out to hydrostatic testing I said what's the big deal did it you know fail or something like that and they said well it didn't necessarily fail but it timed out so I'm like what do you mean it timed out it's a metal bottle and I said well it actually has a life limit of 25 years and ours was at like 24 years and change therefore they couldn't certify it and test it for another cycle run they wouldn't pass the bottle so I'm like oh man that that really stinks but you know how quick can we get one and you know how much is it it can't be that much money it's this tiny little bottle like you know Grandma rolls around for oxygen what a couple hundred bucks or something and they go um no if we can find one about ten thousand dollars why why what Come Again Come Again this little bottle is ten thousand dollars and what do you mean if we can find one and they just said well you know part supply and availability is tricky especially for these old planes um you know we don't currently see one available we called a few places nobody has one but we're gonna do some more digging I don't even want to pay 10 000 bucks I'll just find a used one with some time left and we'll we'll do that I'm like forget the forget the business trip We're not gonna make it so we we can that I just said you know what we'll get you a used bottle you'll put it in we'll pick it up next week so he said okay yeah you're more than welcome so Owen and I post on the Instagram stories hey who has you know this nitrogen bottle part number this we need it figuring we'd get some leads and we got some leads about three four people reply saying hey this company has one or hey my shop has one or like fantastic how much do you want for it uh I even found one on a quick eBay search for like 400 bucks and I'm like huh this is easy we'll just get this one off eBay 400 every single time when I dug a little deeper timed out timed out timed out every single one I'm in danger so I now have so many hours invested trying to find find a used bottle at this point the plane is just burning hole in our pocket you know if we keep waiting it's going to need more inspections done so we just you just have to bite the bullet and pay the money so a couple days later I reach back out to them saying hey can't find a used one we're just gonna have to buy a new one for that 10 000 bucks and at about this time they did find one in Southern California for yeah right about nine thousand three hundred dollars plus shipping or something like that close to ten thousand dollars I'm like okay perfect you know call them up and tell them we'll take it so I cannot make this stuff up so they call them up and say hey we need that bottle we'll take it you know my customer needs it for the plane and uh what do you know it sold about an hour prior someone else bought the bottle I I just don't enjoy it it's not an enjoyable experience for me and I don't like any of you so they called me back saying hey that bottle that we thought was available is uh now sold what do you want to do and I'm like oh my gosh that was my fault because I I waited I held off on buying a new bottle for 10 000 bucks because why would I want to pay 10 000 bucks for a bottle I thought for sure I could get one used but like I said the shop is good about getting in the trenches getting it done so about one or two days later they call saying hey we found another one it's available right now you gotta let us know we're not gonna let it you know sell again or else this might be the last one we see for a while so I'm like all right buy it go so they called him back immediately and they pulled the trigger on it a brand new bottle 25 years left with all the paperwork ready to be dropped in the plane it was local in Southern California they shipped it up for again shipping for all these parts 602 oh my gosh they got it they installed it and they said okay the plane is officially done this was a few days ago and uh here here we go I'm in it now because we're about to take flightnet for the first time and make sure everything works we are legal everything is done no issues with the plane and uh I'm sure you guys are wondering the total right so eleven thousand six hundred dollars for just like the inspection and labor on those items uh and then we got the oxygen bottle like I said nine thousand one hundred and fifty dollars the elt battery 679 dollars ouch uh the cartridges like I said 3 608 so just the equipment part stuff like that 13 000 the rental 400 plus the shipping 600 what's adjustments I didn't even see that line item when I paid the bill adjustments one thousand two dollars all right and then of course uh sales tax seven point seven five percent one thousand forty one dollars so the total cost out the door for our first maintenance bill on the Cessna Citation to do those six simple inspections was twenty seven thousand eighty dollars and sixty seven cents foreign again I knew owning and maintaining a jet would be expensive I just I just wasn't prepared for this I know the comments are going to be good on this video go ahead comment away comment away you stupid little kid thinking you could buy it yet and afford to maintain it all right I'm just kidding that's a little bit of drama for the video honestly it sucks it sucks it does suck a ten thousand dollar oxygen bottle nitrogen bottle will always suck for anyone I don't care how much money you have but we did budget for these things we have money left over this plane was a great deal I know we got a great deal on it I knew it would cost money to keep it going and to fly it I plan for it I wasn't quite planning this much this fast but it's not the end of the world you know now that we just pissed away that much money why not just piss away a little more money let's drop a hundred thousand bucks on a panel it's funny the shop does do panel upgrades and they just finished a 501 with a gorgeous full glass panel and I think it was uh I mean it's like 150 175 000 bucks or more but they just finished it and they're like hey you wanna you wanna add that on top too and do that next and I'm like no I'd much rather have a Lamborghini than a couple glass screens right here at least for now you know maybe down the road we'll update it what do you guys think should we call up our friends over at avidyne and uh throw some glass in here I think it would be pretty cool to put twin 550s right here get rid of these ancient radios it's fine how it is Owen does a great job you'll see in the next video Flying it which we're taking off soon so it's gonna be a good one the thing is these this is just the beginning these are small items these engines right here the most expensive part on the plane Brad Whitney jt15d-1as the Costa overall these engines absolutely ludicrous 400 what the heck is that what is that so loud [Applause] those blades in there eighty thousand dollars was the cost to do the HT blade upgrade on each motor 160 000 bucks just for the blades just for the sets of blades what the heck and yeah four hundred thousand dollars plus or minus to overhaul the engines nobody overhauls these engines anymore I mean some people do but the general consensus is you just take a used pair of engines slap them on then have however much remaining time left the the formula is usually about a hundred dollars per hour so if it's got a thousand hours remaining on the engine that engine's worth about a hundred thousand dollars so you would take that slap it on instead of overhauling the engines if that makes sense wow look at that thing what is that like a lance air so yeah we still have some time till TBO and the engine's here but dear God when we hit TBO even if you just hot side it and call it a day you're still talking maybe a hundred thousand bucks out the door for you know the two engines and those are just the engines don't even get me started on the windshields this was about 30 000 for the previous owner to recently replace thank goodness he did that and that was on his time also one of these boots are new or maybe both of them uh he replaced them at the cost of I think he said Thirty or forty thousand dollars again correct me if I'm wrong but I think these are all in the ballpark especially with inflation and the cost of getting these parts don't even get me started on the tires the tires you literally cannot even find them if you can you're talking maybe three thousand bucks for each tire the brakes another very expensive thing he just replaced I think that side or this one can't remember twelve thousand dollars you get the idea what we just went through was pennies compared to what it can be it can easily exceed the value of the plane just one engine being overhauled is nearly the price of these airplanes and of course I'm not even mentioning the obvious consumables fuel hello this thing best case scenario you're burning 130 gallons in high elevation Crews but it can easily be at lower altitude 160 180 gallons an hour it'll just drink the fuel they're older engines they're not the most efficient things yeah they're pretty robust and pretty reliable but it's a trade-off they drink a lot of gas and of course they're not on engine programs oh that would be another thing if you're on engine programs or something having to pay every hour but of course then you don't pay for some of the big maintenance bills so it's just pros and cons pluses and minuses this one not on any programs no warranty so everything is paid out of pocket and my pockets are hurting all right there you go so there's the moral of the story let's hit the skies test this thing out for the first time stay tuned for the next video where we taking on a really cool flight I can't tell you where yet but we got an exciting one planned I hope you guys enjoyed this video be sure to comment down below if you ever plan to buy a private jet now you know some of the costs associated with them and I'm sure I missed a lot of things oh air conditioning if air conditioning goes out it's not like a couple hundred bucks to fix it like a normal car you're talking multiple five figures to replace the system thank goodness this has the freon upgraded system oh and of course how can I forget Insurance that's another important charge that everybody's probably curious about on a plane right one of our supercars will probably run about five to six hundred bucks every six months so a little over a thousand dollars for an annual premium for one of our Lamborghini's Ferraris McLarens right so this plane's worth what two three times as much so it should be two three grand right no not at all get this we just paid out nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty four dollars and of course I could go on and on and on it's got rvsm which was I think like a fifty thousand dollar STC again thank goodness the previous owner did that stuff but he did plenty but we'll still have to do plenty we got a lot on the list I want to upgrade the interior with Ron Aviation Creations it's a little dated looking in here I mean it's still in good shape so I don't know what to do what do you guys think comment Down Below on interior comment Down Below on panel and we'll go from there good to have the plane back my bank account's a whole lot lighter now but hey learned a lot and uh we'll continue doing that this is the first of many jets I'm not shying away I'm loving every moment of it despite the pain thank you guys for watching we'll see you next time in the sky say that it feels right

  Top Comments:
  1. @JRAviation [466 likes]: Trust me, DO NOT buy a cheap jet unless you know what you are getting into haha. I hope you enjoyed this real talk discussing the real numbers associated with our first "small" maintenance checkup. There are sooooo many other costs I didn't mention. Pilot salary, hangar rent, taxes, registration, landing fees, etc, etc... Subscribe for more jet videos!
  2. @misham6547: To me it sounds like this jet is EOL and is about to run out of spare parts
  3. @gavinclaassen6440: Maybe you should have bought yourself an experimental plane like a Lancair Evolution and maintain it yourself for about what your beloved Lambo will cost you in parts ( labor on you in time not money format) ?! Just a thought .
  4. @vvipaero: yeah sorry about that, i thought the same when i was into the first {and only] HELI. IT IS SAVAGE.
  5. @johnrus7661: If it makes you feel better, a new Piper M700 isn't exactly cheap to maintain when bigger things come up. Especially if you count purchase price in the cost of ownership. But at least being new you won't be getting those big bills for a while.
  6. @kenallen9470: Didn't you buy it with a few people? Wouldn't the bill be split?
  7. @Ciencia_con_Pablo: A mí me gusta analógico
  8. @andrewtrovao2397: It seems that being skinny has its disadvantages. 😂🎉
  9. @CC_Hunters: OMG…this is extremely dragged out unnecessarily
  10. @climatixseuche: get to the point ...
  11. @ghostrider71766: Out of curiosity, what do you do for a living?
  12. @Chofernocturno: YES, call Avidyne or Garmin and upgrade the electronic! You add a better price for the resale. I don't know your numbers, but even if you make money, using that airplane just for enjoyment and business does not make the numbers. Rent a private, especially with a card, making more sense from a tax point. Unless you put your airplane to work as part 135, you're losing an awful amount of money.... genius....
  13. @jessefincham8899: I got old firefighter tanks from firehouse for like 30$ a piece. I fill them to 5500 psi for my air guns. They are outdated. 10,000 is ridiculous
  14. @MfonAkpabio-r2n: it really sucks but don't give up
  15. @shawn-baby: I find Myself leaning towards buying blocks of time on a Fleet of aircraft for Different purposes versus buying a private Jet I think it costs a little bit more money in the long run but no headaches just make a call and go
  16. @RR-zq3mk: 22:40 video break down.  2:40 of useful info.  20 min of drama 😂
  17. @f4f471: You guys were showing off when you bought the plane (not thinking the REAL cost of owning one) 
So now you know - DUH !
Stop complaining !
  18. @TheRemo1771: Wait till you have to do the HOT SECTION.
  19. @TheRemo1771: Ok Putz, what were you thinking? ITS A JET. NOW YOU KNOW how an airline feels.
Wa, wa, wa.
Then how much have you made on your channel?
  20. @steff855: Sir that is cheap.. I work on Gulfstream 450 650 and we just got 700s.Challenger 300 350 3500s… the parts are way more money.

- 18. Inside the HondaJet Elite: Comprehensive Review from Pilot, Owner, and Passenger Perspectives: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello everyone! You are on the aviation&nbsp; channel and guess where we are today! A lot of people ask in the comments&nbsp; to shoot something about a HondaJet. Especially for you from Greensboro, from the&nbsp; headquarters of Honda Jet, from the factory where these wonderful planes are produced,&nbsp; my team and I are filming a Honda Jet review. Your likes, comments and questions&nbsp; help us create new content. Therefore, write, ask questions, leave comments,&nbsp; after viewing, share your opinion, did you like the plane or not. Let's go! This is a guest area where&nbsp; buyers meet with sales managers, where presentations are made for&nbsp; them, and the plant is shown. Here is Honda exhibited samples&nbsp; of the equipment they produce, including the fuselage of a real HondaJet. Here's a Honda, this is a Goldwing. This is what a Honda looks like when viewed&nbsp; from the nose. A recognizable silhouette, no other aircraft has engines&nbsp; mounted on the wings on top. Hello! How you doing? Welcome to Honda&nbsp; Aircraft company! Thank you. Maybe you can tell us a little bit about the company story&nbsp; and what we can see here. Going back to the history what everything began was 1997.&nbsp; Mr. Fujino sketched the original concept the HondaJet. That's where we started in 1997. In 2000 we basically built the proof of&nbsp; concept HondaJet which is the first ever HondaJet. In 2003 I believe this one first&nbsp; flight in Piedmont Triad airport here in Greensboro. Why Greensboro? Well the reason&nbsp; why based on what Mr. Fujino has been saying, this is the center of business aviation market.&nbsp; We locate in the east coast in the United States. You able to ship the parts to Europe and it's like&nbsp; really in the center of the business ship market. Why they decided to do production in the&nbsp; United States instead of in Japan? I think the biggest thing is FAA certification&nbsp; process. That's the main reason. So the gentleman who created invented this airplane&nbsp; and he is a chief of this? That's right he built everything. He started from again 1997's&nbsp; consept sketch and then now we're here. Great. This is when we first publicly debuted&nbsp; HondaJet in Oshkosh. We began our sales in 2006. So you began sales before you build&nbsp; the factory? Yes. 2010 is when we conducted the first FAA confirming aircraft and then&nbsp; that's the first HondaJet delivery we had. This is a production building which finally&nbsp; assembly is over there. There's also paint booth, some shipping, storage, and then also interior&nbsp; installation area. Then a mile from here there's a customer service center, so it's kind of like&nbsp; a FBO of HondaJet. This is our newest building which is a production support and service parts&nbsp; facility, we will be building wings here. Wings like we can see there? Exactly. And how many&nbsp; airplanes simultaneously can be on the production line? On 15 stations we make two-three airplane&nbsp; per month. You put airplane in production when you have buyer for this airplane or you just produce&nbsp; in a stock like in a car for example? Right, yes, both case, yes. Let's see the paint. I saw this&nbsp; paint. So this is the basic colors, right? Total eight colors we have: red, blue, silver, green,&nbsp; yellow. That was the original color. With the Honda Jet Elite we have the new effect color which&nbsp; is ruby red, ice blue and orange. This is actually really cool in an actual plane. It's like&nbsp; a more of a sport car looks. Blue, silver, red is always the popular one and this one&nbsp; is kind of a iconic color for elite. Nice! We are going to inspect the plane from the&nbsp; outside to do a pre-flight inspection. Let's go! Here we go! Nice! This is the Honda Jet Elite. Can you just briefly&nbsp; give me more information about Elite and before Elite airplanes? Sure! You had Legacy, right?&nbsp; Yes. Legacy, Elite and something in between? Yeah the in between is called APMG. So what is&nbsp; the difference between Elite, Legacy and APMG? So when they went from the Legacy to the Elite&nbsp; there were some performance enhancements that were done mainly to the tail of the airplane&nbsp; for takeoff performance. Okay. So the takeoff distance was shortened. There were some also some&nbsp; drag devices that were removed from the airplane that created some more efficiencies and then&nbsp; additional fuel was added. Okay. So that's what gave the airplane the additional range. That you&nbsp; see with the Elite numbers versus the the classic airplane. Part of the other changes that happened&nbsp; were avionics related. So there were quite a few enhancements to the avionics that came out around&nbsp; the same time to include the performance planning, built-in software to weight and balance, as well&nbsp; as some enhancements to some safety features. But all these airplanes initially used Garmin 3000,&nbsp; right? Yes. So all the way grab. Grab this one? Okay. I see. So this is an advantage that&nbsp; we have over the competition that the door is much more significant than what you'd find on a&nbsp; CJ. I don't know if you've ever seen the the small door that folds down. Steps are much bigger, it's&nbsp; much easier to walk up and down. Right. This this is where we start our our pre-flight. Any weight&nbsp; limitations? No. Just one passenger at the time. So we start our exterior inspection with the door.&nbsp; We check the door seal, the condition of the door. Move over here, we've got here two smart probes&nbsp; on the plane. And then a standby probe this is one of the smart probes here. Two in one? Yes&nbsp; and it actually includes more than that. Not just pitot and static information but it also does&nbsp; angle of attack also all with that one probe here. Yes and also on the there's one of the other&nbsp; side as well. And this is OAT? This is our ice detector. So again we've got one on this side and&nbsp; one on the other side. Correct me if I'm wrong, if ice accumulated on this piece it's given&nbsp; vibration? That's correct. And vibration gives the signal to systems? Yes. And antiice system&nbsp; will engage automatically? Correct, yes. Okay, almost almost, all of our icing equipment is&nbsp; automatic. This is one of the feature of Honda Jet. Most of the features which controlled by&nbsp; pilot in a let's say conventional airplane here is work automatically. Like lights, takeoff lights,&nbsp; all this kind of lights, even strobe lights, and beacon lights. And really you're going to see when&nbsp; we'll fly, it's really all the systems. You're going to notice that on other aircraft many of the&nbsp; systems that you would be manipulating during the flight we won't be doing that here. Because all of&nbsp; the systems have an automatic feature. Whether it be fuel or pressurization, or like you said even&nbsp; the lighting. The system knows when to turn the taxi light on when we release the parking brake,&nbsp; turns the landing light on when we're ready for takeoff. Because of the integration with the&nbsp; Garmin avionics and safe taxi if we go across a runway it turns on all the exterior lights.&nbsp; Wow! And it turns on the nav lights based upon where our location is and the time of day. So&nbsp; it takes a lot of the workload off the pilot, makes it much easier to fly especially if&nbsp; you single pilot. Right, exactly. Okay, cool, let's move forward! So we've got baggage&nbsp; compartment, forward baggage compartment here. If you want to do this you push the buttons&nbsp; there it'll pop out and then twist and just lift. Welcome! It's 200 lb package compartment in Elite&nbsp; which is equal to 85 kilos. We got our oxygen servicing up here as well. And we have some squat&nbsp; switch here which shows me this door closed or open. Correct and when you in the cockpit, that&nbsp; not just this door but all of the others on the airplane, include even the electrical panels, the&nbsp; GPU plug, all have a notification to the avionic system that the door is open. Excellent. This&nbsp; the other nice feature you'll see on all of the locking mechanisms on all the doors have these&nbsp; orange indicators to make it obvious that it's not locked. You cannot miss it, right? Yeah, doing&nbsp; walk around before flight it's impossible to miss, okay. We got our pin is in which we remove&nbsp; for anytime the airplane is going to be towed. Okay. The the nose wheel steering is a little bit&nbsp; unique on the HondaJet because it's electrically controlled and it's hydraulically actuated. So&nbsp; it's much like you would find in an airplane that has a tiller, yeah, but we don't have a&nbsp; tiller we're still using our pedals but it's using hydraulics to move the the nose wheel, so&nbsp; you'll see when you go to taxi it takes a little bit getting used to but once you do you can be&nbsp; very smooth and you can make very very tight turns on the ground for taxing. Okay. The other&nbsp; nice thing about the fact that it's electronically controlled is that it's speed sensitive. So when&nbsp; we're going very slow the nose wheel can turn a a very sharp angle and as we accelerate down the&nbsp; runway for takeoff that angle goes down and down and down to the point you can make maybe a full&nbsp; rudder application and the nose wheel might not move at all, it might be just moving the rudder&nbsp; in the back. Right. So it's very useful. And of course the carbon fiber allows it to have this&nbsp; unique shape which provides all the laminar flow. As far as I can see it's a little bit wider in a&nbsp; cockpit, right? Yes and it's going a little bit narrow in a cabin. And of course the bottom. It's&nbsp; really what is giving us that extra performance out of the fuselage. So on this side the only&nbsp; difference is we've got our standby probe but same smart probe and ice detector on this side. About&nbsp; ice detectors - both of them should give a signal or anyone will engage the system? Either one. This is unique also with the Honda. The wing is made from a single piece of aluminum&nbsp; unlike a lot of other airplanes that are you know put together parts. This is a reason why&nbsp; we don't have any screws? Right. Absolutely clean configuration and anti ice system as we said&nbsp; is engaged automatically, this is bleed air. Correct. Yeah, we got bleed air for the wings&nbsp; and the engine. And this is emergency exit, just in case of emergency, right? Yes. Can&nbsp; be open from outside? Yes outside and you can also obviously open from the inside. So here&nbsp; usually when you look in the engine you just check in this one piece. The condition of the&nbsp; fan. Such a small engine and so powerful! Yes. Honda has its own engine, which they made&nbsp; in conjunction with General Electric, is called the HF120. Each engine&nbsp; delivers 2,000 pounds of thrust. Here's we got our oil access. It's difficult&nbsp; to see in there but we had a sight gauge where you can see oil level and you can feel the&nbsp; the cap there as well. That's how most of us check it actually is with the picture. Yeah&nbsp; look great. Perfect. Our avionics also like we saw earlier can tell us if we've got low oil.&nbsp; Yes, this is what I like as a pilot. I don't need to take care about oil level. That's&nbsp; right. I just need to see it's on avionics. Looks good. So we got some other&nbsp; panels here. One of the main things we check down here is with our brakes. We can&nbsp; see our brake indicators on the wheel. This is also unique to the Honda Jet. Here's our speed&nbsp; brakes. There's no spoilers on the wing. You can see the wing is completely clean, so they&nbsp; use the speed brake on the tail which kind of opens up like this. The deice for the the tail&nbsp; is done with electromagnetic explosive device. I'm trying to think what other like the premiere&nbsp; also has that. Oh here we go! This is a baggage compartment. Yeah! This is pretty cool. Let's&nbsp; see. Nice! 160 lb, 120 lb, 120 lb. So you can put 400 lb total. 400 lb is approximately 175&nbsp; kilos. The angle is works just fine to get bags in. So you don't have any limitations so just&nbsp; take this big bags or something. In fact I had a customer here a few month ago we put four&nbsp; mountain bikes in the baggage compartment plus their bags. Really! And they fit just fine. Yeah,&nbsp; look at this it's like in a small millimeters. So when you go to close it you just want to do it&nbsp; with a flat hand so you don't pinch your fingers. Excellent! Can I go? Yeah, sure. Wow! I'm excited! And this configuration with&nbsp; a galley? It is, yes. Usually you have another seat here. Yes, the more common configuration is&nbsp; a side facing seat. There's a a small number of airplanes that are equipped with the galley. But&nbsp; the galley does include a lot of cabinet space, a coffee maker, it just adds a little bit more&nbsp; weight. And some of the customers do enjoy the side facing seat because side facing seat folds&nbsp; down and it becomes just an extra luggage area. I see. It's very popular. Okay and this is climate&nbsp; control for cabin? It is, yes and it also includes a cabin management system which can change the&nbsp; the lighting the shades. Some of the airplanes, well they're all equipped with audio system,&nbsp; but the more enhanced option is this one called a Bongiovi system. Bongiovi? Yes but it's really&nbsp; unique, it uses the fuselage as a speaker itself, so it's sounds really good. Excellent!&nbsp; Pilot's can hear this? A little bit, depends on how loud your passengers playing it&nbsp; but and all these controls can also be done from your phone or from an iPad. So by bluetooth?&nbsp; you can connect by bluetooth and you have special application? No, it's just used as a web&nbsp; browser to do it. Just web browser? Yeah. Nice, excellent. One of the features I really like&nbsp; is that the passengers have complete control over their own climate yeah a lot of airplanes&nbsp; the pilots have to control the climate for the cabin. This is true. I used to fly Lear Jet&nbsp; 60 for last three years as a captain and it's always pain in the ass because you ask "hey,&nbsp; how are you doing there?" That's right. "yeah, it's a little bit cold". They're cold in the back.&nbsp; Exactly. They've got total control in this one. So we have two shelves here. This is for&nbsp; ice and cold beverages. Right. Let's see. Here are all sorts of snacks. Typically,&nbsp; business jet passengers like to eat cheap snacks. I was always amazed at this, until I&nbsp; myself flew as a passenger on a business jet. The first thing I did was I also took&nbsp; a lot of snacks and began to eat them. Moreover, we joke like pilots that&nbsp; passengers do not take expensive champagne, but they take snacks that cost $1. Nice! It's a lot of space here. Well, in general, for passengers who&nbsp; want a little comfort for themselves, a coffee machine on board and something&nbsp; so fancy is a very cool thing. I notice this armrest. Yeah, a lot of leg room. I want to be like a big boss. With armrest is&nbsp; much better! Let’s try! The first handle lets me slide out, and the second lets me lean back. Very&nbsp; comfortable! I can move forward. If you are 190 or 200 cm this will be the best for you. Really&nbsp; very easy to move. And so you can move it back. I like it. Show me what you have. Really light. Just with one finger. Made with carbon. If&nbsp; I would like to put my laptop I need to move forward probably. I would lengthen it by 5&nbsp; cm so that the laptop would stand like this and maybe move a little bit but overall this&nbsp; is is a good thing. Here are the cup holders. Oh really! What is this? So that's just a place&nbsp; holder but this side you get the controller where you can play music with Bongiovi&nbsp; system that we have which is the industry first speakerless music system. Can we put it?&nbsp; Yeah. Let's go, give me your favorite music. Now let's figure it out with the sound, we&nbsp; will be shown the Bongiovi system which has no speakers the fuselage itself is a speaker and&nbsp; this is very cool. So you need to connect your iPhone by bluetooth. Right. This is what you doing&nbsp; right now? Yeah. Excellent. It seems like nothing special but you can connect your phone to the&nbsp; onboard computer and listen to your favorite music as well as control various functions in the cabin.&nbsp; You can change the light, adjust the sound and adjust the temperature. This is the coolest thing&nbsp; because on the planes where I flew there is always temperature control from the cockpit and here the&nbsp; passenger selects the temperature from his phone. There are still a lot of such things. Cool lights. Nice! I can see his eyes, his eyes right now&nbsp; like this! I love it. Can you show me how you can change temperature? Once you get to the Wi-Fi&nbsp; connect to the e-connect, okay, and then here you go. So you just type this address? Yeah. I&nbsp; that address, flight information, climate. Here we go. It's locked right now but... yeah&nbsp; it's not going to work because engine is not running but you can change it here. Yep. Shades.&nbsp; Oh that was my question. Shades. There's two type? one is this folded one, another is the color will&nbsp; change. It was my question because I check it in manuals. it looks like it's electrical activated,&nbsp; you can change this level of transparency? Right. You can do it here? Not for this aircraft, I think&nbsp; this is equipped with this kind of shade but you have two options to choose from, so you can order&nbsp; aircraft with this option instead of shadow. Yes. You see? Excellent, nice! This is the night mode. When you connect to Wi-Fi on this airplane do you have internet access? Yeah. Let's see what we have&nbsp; on the back. That's lav. As you know in this size of airplane usually it does not come this fullsize&nbsp; lavatory but you can completely close the door. I can show you from inside. This fifth seat is&nbsp; equipped with seat belts and if someone in your company is punished you can put them in the toilet&nbsp; and it is completely an official passenger seat. So in this configuration we have a galley but&nbsp; we still have option to put for fifth passenger on the back. Right? Exactly. So technically&nbsp; my max on this airplane configuration is six. Yes. Four passengers here, one in the back&nbsp; and one up front with a pilot. Yes, correct. It looks like here in the back a little&nbsp; bit more space than in the front, right? Let's say I was punished today and&nbsp; I'm sitting here. Sitting hard, of course, is generally uncomfortable, but&nbsp; you can if the flight is up to 1 hour. These two windows give sunlight. That is, even&nbsp; if you close the doors, you are not worried about claustrophobia, because there is natural light. Plus there is a large lamp. And there is a mirror and sink. All on sensors! There's all sorts of amenities here. You can hang your things here. Here is the HondaJet's cockpit.&nbsp; What can I say about the panels, about the layout of the whole cockpit. There are some interesting things here, which I have never seen on other planes before. First of all, it's a Garmin 3000, it's nothing new, you can't be surprised by it, it's on the&nbsp; different aircrafts, including the Vision Jet too. But the Vision Jet has two screens,&nbsp; we have three screens here. This is PFD for captain and PFD for co-pilot. The airplane is certified to fly with one pilot, So you can choose if you want&nbsp; to fly with the co-pilot but you are certified to fly single pilot. The view is great to the left, generally speaking, the view is a bit worse forward, but the way I'm&nbsp; sitting now is quite comfortable. In real life, I shouldn't sit like this; I should&nbsp; raise my seat but I just won't do it yet, I will do it later on. My head should be&nbsp; somewhere over here. There's handles for that, and it's a good thing the handles&nbsp; are so sturdy. You can't break it, because on my LearJet I had straps, not&nbsp; handles, and they fell out every time. It's very convenient to hold on to the handle,&nbsp; lift yourself up, get out. It's well done. I see that there are lights here, you can adjust&nbsp; the brightness, there is a placard with speeds, so you won't forget what our maximum&nbsp; speed is for gear extension, for example. As usual the sun visor, which runs on the&nbsp; slider. The good thing is that you can put it in such a slot and it won't hang around&nbsp; and fall on your head when you land the plane. On the left side I have the oxygen mask,&nbsp; in case of depressurization I can&nbsp; squeeze it with two fingers by the red tips and in&nbsp; one motion pull it out and put it on myself. The yoke, I think it comes from the playstation, because there are a lot of buttons, unusually&nbsp; many, and two more buttons on the back side. First button here - this is a scroll moving&nbsp; cursor between items on the checklist. Here's this wheel I move, and clicking on the&nbsp; wheel tells me that the item is done and here it is highlighted in green. I press again, the item is done. Next! A trimmer. Trimmer pretty standard. Up,&nbsp; down, left, right, that's it. It's Pitch & Roll. The red button turns off the autopilot. The&nbsp; button to the left under my index finger is a microphone. Here I have a button under&nbsp; my right index finger is identification, for the ATC to see me if he lost me. I press the&nbsp; button and it will be a light up on his screen. And there are three buttons, button 1 - is&nbsp; autopilot disconnect acknowledge. If I turned off the autopilot, or the autopilot&nbsp; disconnected itself for some reason, it will be signal. So to make this&nbsp; signal silent you must press a button. System Control button gives me this little&nbsp; window, this is a quick access to all systems. Here you can also see interesting&nbsp; features of the HondaJet. First of all, even though we&nbsp; have two batteries on board, the battery button is only one,&nbsp; it turns both batteries on. Then there's buttons to turn the generators on&nbsp; and off and the whole Honda's philosophy is, that if it's white and says OK or&nbsp; Norm, then it's works automatically. So if you want to turn one of the systems off, you&nbsp; press this button, it goes to a different state, for example if I turn the alternator&nbsp; off now it goes to the "off" mode. And I get a CAS message, we put the generator&nbsp; back on, the CAS message disappears. You can see from the CAS message the&nbsp; current state, that we have the door open, we know it's open and we see it in the picture,&nbsp; the cabin Door Open, External Power is also open, because we have an external power source&nbsp; connected, very convenient everything. Next. Here is nose wheel steering&nbsp; off. Why is it off? Because we are not going to steer now. This is the&nbsp; nose wheel control, before taxing. The gear control lever for the&nbsp; landing gear extension and retraction. Then we go to the center console, on the&nbsp; left side is the speed brakes control lever, they are on the tail, the flaps that open to the&nbsp; right and to the left and slow the airplane down. It seems to me that Honda has a very good&nbsp; solution because speed brakes which are usually on the wings create problems on the wing. They disrupt the flow, they reduce the wing aerodynamics and they add a lot&nbsp; of mechanics inside the wing. Tail speed brakes do not interrupt flow&nbsp; and flow over the wing remains laminar. I think this is interesting, but&nbsp; the main thing is that speed brakes with this configuration have no speed limits. In any configuration, whether you use flaps or not, you can release the speed brakes, it's cool. The right handle is the flaps control. Engines control. There is no autothrust, so you&nbsp; need to manually set the required engine power. But here is another interesting thing,&nbsp; this is Control Speed Cruise Control, CSC, works about the same way as cruise control&nbsp; in the car, you are flying at an altitude, you set the engine power, for example you need to&nbsp; keep the speed steady 340 or mach 0.62, you press cruise control and the aircraft tries to hold that&nbsp; speed by varying the engine power setting, but within certain limits since there is no autothrust&nbsp; here, and the levers stand still, plus or minus 5% is what the autopilot can add to the engine. So the speed is held. if the aircraft is unable to hold the set speed because the&nbsp; engine settings are not as stated, here the CSC light blinks and mode is off and I&nbsp; see on the panel that I have this mode turned off. Here, below the engine control knob, we&nbsp; have the controls for additional systems, particularly ice protection. As we mentioned during the preflight inspection, all systems on this&nbsp; aircraft work automatically, so when the indicator is in normal mode, this means that&nbsp; the antiice system will turn on automatically. What are these switches for, they are&nbsp; needed for the emergency modes. The de-icing is off now, but we can turn it on. Here we have fuel pump controls, here we have trims controls, Engine bleed, pneumatics and&nbsp; window heating, that's all about the environment. Next comes the magic, we now go up here. Before we talk about the magic, it's starting the engines. That is, if I want to&nbsp; start the engine I press the left Start button, put the lever in idle mode and the engine starts. This is the alternate landing gear release knob. If we ran out of hydraulic pressure,&nbsp; and the landing gears does not come out in its own natural way, then we can&nbsp; turn this handle, the locks will open and the gears will come out under its own weight. Well now magic, here we are in the aircraft control system. In this case "environment", I can&nbsp; show you how many different things you can do from this panel, in particular controlling the climate&nbsp; control. We have two climate areas on this plane: the cockpit zone and the cabin zone. If the&nbsp; passengers don't want to control their own air, I can set a specific temperature that the climate&nbsp; control will automatically hold. This has been on cars for a long time, but this is probably&nbsp; the first time I've seen it on an airplane. Lights turns on automatically, but if I&nbsp; want to check that the landing light works, I press the button "ON" and Landing&nbsp; lights will light up, the default setting is normal, means it works automatically. Interior lights, I turn it all from the panel. These are the four lights that you can&nbsp; turn on, for example, I want to turn on the "no smoking" sign, it lights up "No&nbsp; smoking" sign there. "Fasten seatbelts" sign and you can turn on the lights. Everything is done through this thing. Everything I want to do with the&nbsp; aircraft systems is done here. For example, if I want to see the current status&nbsp; of my aircraft, the electrical system is normal, this is the status of my lights, they&nbsp; are all off now, the hydraulic fluid is 90%. So you don't even have to go look how&nbsp; much is left as it is on regular planes. Thanks to the sensors installed on this&nbsp; plane you get all information you need. Here we have the EOS, this is the Engine indication of the&nbsp; systems and an additional system. So the pilot becomes an operator and before&nbsp; the flight you need to enter all this data into the computer Garmin, before you take&nbsp; off then the whole system knows what to do and basically you can, well almost&nbsp; semi-automatically execute all this, as soon as you take off press the button&nbsp; Autopilot, the profile which you have entered in Garmin will be performed the flight. The top panel is very simple, Master Alert Caution, as usual, this is our attitude&nbsp; indicator, in case all panels are out, all screens are out I have a standby attitude&nbsp; indicator, which at least gives me speed, altitude and position relative to the horizon and&nbsp; my heading. There is no compass on this aircraft. This is the autopilot control&nbsp; panel, it's quite functional, there are modes I haven't seen before for example&nbsp; CSC mode, CPL mode, engine fire, fire control. Servo Power disables us servos,&nbsp; again in case something goes wrong, it's an emergency checklist,&nbsp; you need to execute it. Basically everything you need&nbsp; to know about the cockpit. I see that the cloud cover is up to&nbsp; 500 feet, if so, we're good to go. Here's the plane, if you have&nbsp; any questions about the design, about the details of this&nbsp; plane, write in the comments. And now let's fly. Thank you very much Honda Jet Aircraft and to&nbsp; Kie Nagasawa and all the marketing team who helped me to make this project because&nbsp; without their help this would not have been possible. So thank you again to Kie and&nbsp; the Honda Factory for letting us shoot here, spend a lot of time with us but most importantly&nbsp; they let me fly this plane with an instructor by myself. We're doing two flights today and the&nbsp; first flight will be with me as a passenger, during the second flight I will fly the&nbsp; plane hold the controls. The instructor will supervise me but we are not allowed to have&nbsp; passengers on board because I am not a certified pilot and the flight will be in training mode.&nbsp; Now I will sit in the back and check out the sound characteristics and vibrations of this&nbsp; aircraft as a passenger. Stay tuned! [Music] Here we go! All right. Well now we are going to fly on the&nbsp; first flight. In fact today we are performing the role of test passengers. We&nbsp; have six people on board: four passengers, a pilot and a co-pilot. Now it will be&nbsp; very interesting. We shoot as passengers, see the engine starting, taxing, takeoff,&nbsp; landing, communication in the cabin. Let's go! We got oxygen masks that come out of this panels&nbsp; here, there's one next to you there too. Just like in the airline you pull the mask and put it on&nbsp; and it'll start to flow oxygen. We got two exits, we had the emergency exit over the wing here&nbsp; and then the door you came in on. Should be a quick flight about 30 minutes and should be pretty&nbsp; smooth. Any questions? I have only one question. Yeah. We have 2,200 lb on board. For how long&nbsp; this fuel is good to fly? Probably about 2 hours, the airplane can hold almost 3,000 lbs of fuel&nbsp; which we would typically use for a little over 3-hour flight. So four passengers on board and&nbsp; two pilots we have right now and we can do two hours flight? Oh easily, yes. And we can take&nbsp; a little bit more fuel and make it like 2:45 something like? That right, that would be kind&nbsp; of close. Pobably three passengers that would be true. And in two hours and 30 minutes you can&nbsp; cover about 700 miles? Okay, perfect. Let's go. So we going to inite page? Preflight. Left engine fire. Right engine fire. Shaker. It's going to do two channels of the Shaker&nbsp; and that's going to illuminate our switches. All cubes. Okay, radio here. So we have 2220 on&nbsp; board sufficient for the mission? Right. For 1 hour flight is good. Flight plan. So you can have&nbsp; in program full profile including verticals. Yes. Vertical guidance and if you need and you have&nbsp; any speed restrictions on departure, correct, and arrival you can put it right now right here.&nbsp; You can, yep. Now if they were already posted on the arrival as required they would show or&nbsp; departure or approach they're going to show up there automatically. Automatically? really?&nbsp; and this can do the vnav descent it can also do a vnav climb. This is what I mentioned, perfect. So then just work down the tabs on the left side there go to the weather and then if you go back&nbsp; back since we're in the states here and we have XM weather available you can just say load mear&nbsp; data and it's going to load the weather. This is the one time when it doesn't know, if it's the&nbsp; winds are variable it doesn't know what to put in there so go and touch the wind and let's&nbsp; put in 5.0 or something yeah that's fine. Okay temperature 12, parameter 30 08. and then&nbsp; go back and then back to takeoff data again and then just work down the tabs on the left&nbsp; we did weather go to runway it knows our runway length, elevation, heading, it knows the gradient&nbsp; which is really helpful. you've probably seen some airplanes lot of the Collins units they don't take&nbsp; into account slope but this does. It know our..... for flaps and then and we need to initialize&nbsp; except take off data. And then it's going to post the speeds for us. 140 116 10 109 so v1 104,&nbsp; rotate 109. okay. And then it also gives you your trim setting as well. 2. which you can set,&nbsp; perfect. 2.0 set accept take off data set and then hit next and so these are the things that&nbsp; are new at the Elite so the original airplanes did not have the take off performance and they&nbsp; didn't have the climb the cruise and the descent performance either and really what all this is&nbsp; giving us is an accurate fuel over destination because it knows what kind of climb profile we're&nbsp; going to use. It knows what altitude we're going to fly to and it knows what kind of cruise profile&nbsp; and it knows the winds a loft and the temperature because of the XM data. Okay. so with all that&nbsp; it's able to do a very accurate calculation on our time and therefore our fuel. This is&nbsp; really important. It's very very accurate. Normal climb? Yes. 210 initial altitude.&nbsp; level 220? We're going up to 410. We need to take clearance right to check? Yeah , I'll&nbsp;do that. And accept initialization? Right, correct. That's it. So let's&nbsp; see what we have on the weather. It's an amazing man! The sound really like&nbsp; you in a house in your home in a quiet room. They're all installed in the panels? Right,&nbsp; there is 24 translucent underneath the panel so it's kind of what we call it speakerless we&nbsp; don't need a speaker. Oh okay, I wondered! We found a speaker. He connect too. There. Awesome!&nbsp; And also you can connect to Wi-Fi network on this airplane and you will control all the lights&nbsp; from the iPhone. So the does the Go-Go Wireless have to be activated to do that? Yes. Okay,&nbsp; so if we do turn it off like for some certain chargers or whatever then we wouldn't be able&nbsp; to do that functionality. Right? I believe no, I believe Wi-Fi will work here for lights anyway&nbsp; without Go-Go or with Go-Go. With or without Go-Go activated, right? cause I know you can turn it&nbsp; on and off and it's expensive per hour so we were thinking of on some flights we might be especially&nbsp; positioning flights I think wouldn't have it. Try to find Wi-Fi. Okay, connect Wi-fi. Here we go&nbsp; and you have Honda Jet. it's pretty interesting I can switch off the lights, he will switch on&nbsp; the lights, and we will battle and we fight who's controlling the lights. All right, there we go,&nbsp; here you go, see! Oh my gosh! that is really cool! I want the accents on or off, night mode.&nbsp; Great! This is cool, right? It's really neat. So, oh my gosh, this is so cool! ah yeah. All right, perfect. So seats and&nbsp; seat bels, I see them, parking brake set. Cas messages. and doors are closed, you can see,&nbsp; the only we have is external power. Cockpit fan control manual we did it. yep. electric voltage&nbsp; we have 28. Engine start. When you go to start we'll start the right one first you're going&nbsp; to push until you get a green and then the idle yeah and then you're going to come out of&nbsp; pull the trigger and then up into idle. Okay. There we go. and you can immediately&nbsp; go up the fedec will control all of it for you. starter we've already&nbsp; got a light off. You see it starts very fast. really fast. very cool also,&nbsp; yeah. 300 set, that's it engine is on. Engine start. Is quite quiet. And we can start immediately&nbsp; second one? We can, yeah. That is we have already started the first&nbsp; engine we are now launching the second one. Okay, ignition, start mode itt rising and to&nbsp; rotation, looks like it's a good start. Beautiful. Honda says they have a quiet&nbsp; cabin and it really is. Okay, engine start, engine instrument,&nbsp; check engine, anti ice not required, external power disconnect. I just saw,&nbsp; so one more thing about the fadec which is very nice is that it has complete control&nbsp; so that if there's a hot start or hung start any problems it's going to abort the start on&nbsp; its own and it's just going to to do yeah it's going to give me a message that said start fail&nbsp; and all you have to do is disengage, that's it. Yeah and idle ground idle is higher because we&nbsp; don't have GPU right now. And what it's doing right now is it's going through the ice test.&nbsp; I'll show you, here's one of our synoptic pages, it's running through a self test on the icing&nbsp; system so that left engine's running up because it's taking bleed air and it's heating up the&nbsp; wing for a test it does the engines, the wings, it does the tail and that all happens in the&nbsp; background you don't even necessarily notice it's happening. Right. You can continue on the&nbsp; checklist it'll have a couple things. Before taxi. Anti ice not required. avionics flight data.&nbsp; we have 5,000 here, right, it's all already set. Вeparture is loadedб you could hit the toga button,&nbsp; toga button we'll wait on that because we'll wait and see if they give us a heading. yeah. flaps set&nbsp; for take off, check the position, going down. I don't see it from here but looks like it's for&nbsp; take off. Speed brakes. You can test the speed brake you go back with it and you see the extended&nbsp; and then you can retract. Retracted. Cabin sign says 'required', parking break release. Ready to taxi? Yeah, I'll give them a call. Greensboro ground, Honda test 52 at the factory ready to taxi with Bravo.&nbsp; Honda test 52 Greensboro ground runway five R taxi via Mike hold short runway 14. Okay we'll tax C mike&nbsp; to five right and we'll hold short to 14 Honda test 52 [Music] Brazilian Jazz. I like it. Champagne! I know! oh it's&nbsp; back in the tesla, damn [Music] What?! Brakes check. Before take off flaps on, trims two&nbsp;zero, it's set, speed brakes retracted, we know this and there's no message. Cas messages we just have&nbsp; cockpit fan control manual, navigation we waiting nav or heading, right? what is the TOLD data? TOLD data&nbsp; is our speeds. Okay, flight guidance? The briefing? Yep. Okay so we're going to take off runway 50 right, we have 9,000 ft available runway. In case of any emergencies below 80 knots what do you use?&nbsp; You could just use V1 because this airplane with the cas message or tied to the phase of&nbsp; flight so if we get any abnormality one it's a serious one. Okay. Any abnormalities below V1 we&nbsp; going to abort in case of above V1 we're going to abort in case of engine fire, engine fail or&nbsp; lost of directional control we don't have TR so nothing to deploy, maybe speed break only and&nbsp; in case any abnormalities except of this four going to climb, 1500 ft AGL emergency checklist&nbsp; figure out what happens and come back to this airport. All right, so let's talk about the takeoff. so&nbsp; we'll roll onto the runway you can hold the brakes initially, you're going to come all the&nbsp; way up to the takeoff distance which is full forward Holding the brakes? Yeah that's fine and then&nbsp; we'll check to make sure we're making take off power green is matching the blue release&nbsp; the brakes I'll call air speed alive, 80 knots, when you rotate you can rotate straight up into&nbsp;..... the flight cross Runway 14 monitor tower on the other side. Okay, we'll cross 14, monitor Tower.&nbsp; Honda test 52. This is a bottom to talk to? Yes. Very comfortable. Nice so you don't need to&nbsp; push these button. No. Clear across, clear right, left side clear. So you're going to rotate right in&nbsp; the flight through your bars positive rate gear up, do you want me to get the gear for you? I'll&nbsp; take care about this. You so positive rate gear up and then at 400 ft it's going to be flaps up and&nbsp; then you're going to set MCT which is just back Honda test 52 ready for take off. five right. heading runway five&nbsp; right cleared for takeoff 1 32 03 Runway heading CLE for takeoff five right Honda test 52.&nbsp; Yep, runway heading. Let's ask who is a competitor for Honda Jet. Embraer phenom 100, who else? Citation&nbsp;M2? Brakes? Sure, yeah, we can hold the brakes, might as well get a max performance. Ready? Yes.&nbsp; Ready. One, two, take off power set. Power set. Air speed is alive. Check. 80 knots. Check. V1. Rotate. There you go. Positive rate. Get up. Oh my&nbsp;gosh, this climbs in like no time. Andrey, how many feet do you think that&nbsp; took for to climb? with four passengers. About 3,000 ft per minute right now. 400&nbsp; there's 400 ft, flaps up and MCT. Perfect Yaw damper engaged I see that. Climb speed there. 200? Okey, after take off&nbsp; checklist. Landing gear, yaw damper engaged I see that. Honda test 52 climbing 3,000 for 5,000&nbsp;. Checked. Very cool. How do you feel about quietness? A few interesting ideas I can fill right now. The first one - pressurization. Pressurization looks really good because I don't feel any pressure&nbsp; on the ears which I usually feel. It means the cabin pressurized really adjustable so it's&nbsp; really... not now, now I can feel it, you see, so the second one - the cabin start pressurizing&nbsp; before we roll out which is really cool. I know it works everything automatically so as soon&nbsp; as he applied the power the automation system told the cabin should start pressurization. It's&nbsp; also really really good. Ice protection not required. I don't see any reasons cabin sign.&nbsp; heat not required, so looking good. After takeoff checklist completed. So rate of climb is 3,000&nbsp; right now. Yeah, which we could even do a little bit better. pitch right up into those bars for 210.&nbsp; 5000. Unbelievable. It's unbelievably quiet&nbsp; in the cockpit. It is, yeah. Here's the other thing that's great about&nbsp; the Honda Jet, have you noticed that we haven't really messed with any of the systems we have&nbsp; automatic, yeah, it's all automatic, whether it be fuel or pressurization, the lights, so you&nbsp; got to concentrate just on the flying part, the navigating, communicating. So it really is&nbsp; a single pilot friendly airplane, this is true. So we still maintain 3,400 ft per minute, this is&nbsp; great. 1,500 in 5 minutes, less than 5 minutes. What is your average time to 41 with Isa, normal&nbsp; conditions? We're probably looking at like 20, I'm going to guess 22-23 minutes. Can we climbing 5000 ft per min. &nbsp; And we gonna cross 18000. And we burn approximately 1200 right now. fuel consumption&nbsp;on a climb. It'll be about half that on 41. I'm pretty excited to fly this thing. Yeah, that's&nbsp;so awesome. What do you think of the difference between like the&nbsp; stick versus the throttle, you know like on the VisionJet how it has the side stick. The&nbsp; throttles is the same but side stick and the yoke I don't see any difference for me it's&nbsp; absolutely natural to fly anyway. I know some people have concerns about the stick, I don't. And actually logically and by avionics VisionJet really similar to Honda Jet because they use the&nbsp; same package, they use Garmin 3000. And the Garmin 3000 and all these touch screens panels,&nbsp; everything is the same. You see we're still climbing 2700 ft per min. What was the climb rate when you climb&nbsp; with passengers on board previous flight? The same? Yeah, it's about the same. But you level&nbsp;off at 11,000 right? this was your max? Oh, on the last flight, yeah, on the last flight.&nbsp; No, we went up to 20 flight, level 240. Okay. Can you give me more information&nbsp; while we're still climbing on these two modes like CSC and CPL because I never saw&nbsp; it on a different another airplane. Once we level off at 41 I'll actually show you how&nbsp; the CSC works. Okay heading 315 vectors Honda 52. Good for you? Yeah. The CSC stands for cruise speed control. Okay. And how that works is if the thrust is&nbsp; somewhere in between MCT and maybe not all the way back at idle but it has to be less than&nbsp; MCT and we're at a captured altitude we can push the cruise speed control and it's going to&nbsp; hold our current speed and it's going to adjust the n1's to maintain that speed so it's&nbsp; like it's similar to what you might have with auto throttles but it's very it's a more basic&nbsp; version of that. It's very helpful in the terminal area at a busy airport. they might say maintain&nbsp; 200 knots and you're busy doing a lot of other things so you can stable at 200 knots and then hit speed&nbsp; control it hold it. Okay. And then the CPL button it stands for coupled and what you're really controlling is.&nbsp; see the arrow indication pointed to the left saying the autopilot is coupled on the left side. if I click this I will give you control your side? Right? Okay. We burn a little bit less. We don't have through speed here right Yeah here's your true air speed, ground speed and&nbsp; all of this is configurable all these data fields up here you can change. And fuel&nbsp;over destination even better than we expected because it's recalculated all the time? Yes,&nbsp;now it's it's mainly because of our flight plan because we had this round robin flight and&nbsp; it's already deleted part of the flight because it was such a sharp turn. but yes the&nbsp; FOD is very accurate and that's really because of the performance that's based into the FMS.&nbsp; Okay, leveling off 350. See the guy. Oh yeah, that's probably our traffic. Honda test 52 turn left heading 270. okay left turn 270 Honda test 52. So on a Honda Jet I don't have&nbsp; some problems like my classmates they never flew G3000 they have problem with touching&nbsp; the screens and all this stuff. I don't. So from pilot side of view this airplane is&nbsp; really easy to fly, really easy. Automation lights automatically, pressurization automatically,&nbsp; antiice automatically, everything is automatically. So you shouldn't care about this. Yeah, I was&nbsp; impressed with the lead the heated leading edge instead of boots. They heated by bleed air.&nbsp; Yeah, usually on a jet, a smaller jet, you don't have that. You have the boots. Yeah, yeah that's&nbsp; right. I don't know what M2 has I believe M2 Citation also has bleed air, yeah. The VisionJet has boots this is true, right, but Vision jet is a one engine airplane and it's not enough&nbsp; bleed air there right to maintain everything so it's the reason why they don't have it.&nbsp; On this airplane we have two engines so two bleed air sources. Yeah. It's much easier. Now we&nbsp; level off, it's quieter. Right. That still amazes me that the engines and how they're mounted. So&nbsp;on the flight level 350 fuel consumption about 900. Honda 52 climb and maintain flight&nbsp; level 360. Climb flight level 360 Honda test 52. Vertical speed 1,000 ft per minute.&nbsp; Going to climb 14 minutes. We can do the cruise speed control. So pull out MCT and you have wait to the engines to sync. So now you can see cruise speed control. it's .69 and now it's&nbsp; going to adjust the n1's to .69. Excellent. to MCT the mode cruise control is if we changed if we went&nbsp; into a vertical mode descent or you know or climb it would it would also disengage. Okay. oh I need to stable and wait for sync. Right. I can click this one. Do you see somewhere&nbsp; time for fuel on board I mean for how long we going to fly? The range. flight level 410 okay 24 minutes to reserves, so the reserves are&nbsp; like another hour basically so it's about 2:00- 2:20. 2:20 and with ground speed 300 we have 600 miles&nbsp; approximately. Right but we're into a big head when here too without wind it's going to be&nbsp; 800. So even not full tanks we can do 1,000 miles. Yes. Okay. If you have full tanks how many&nbsp; passengers you can take on board? Typically three. Three passengers and the max range&nbsp; will be? The max range for a little over 1,400. Now would be at level 430 and that would be&nbsp; at long range cruise. Okay, so we go slow and long time. Right? Yes, although at flight level&nbsp; 430 the difference between high-speed cruise and long range cruise is very small, it's only like&nbsp; 15 knots maybe or less. Okay, 41. Honda 52 heading 255. Okay, heading 255 and we're actually happy&nbsp; to take a turn back towards Greensboro. Okay. I'm going to work you guys back in as soon as I&nbsp; can got quite a bit going south right now so minutes. No worries. this airplane had same like&nbsp; g3000 I see stall protection system and shaker. Yes. Does it have pusher? It does, yes, it's got shaker, pusher and&nbsp; then on top of that with the new Elite models it has what's called stability protection. Okay.&nbsp; And that's it's optional. Honda 52 can you accept 43? and then we'll get you back over to the east&nbsp; side of the traffic and dump you down. Yeah. It sounds great we can do that. And I can use flight&nbsp; level change for example and maintain 200 knots, right? Definitely and you could even do like you&nbsp; know mock 60 would be good probably. That's safe. 57 is a normal climb. So then you'll have to select 65. 60 actually. 60 just a little more margin. Oh yeah, you see this! So you can jump in a 430 then you&nbsp; can level off and accelerate. Right. At this temperature at plus one at gross weight we could climb straight to 43. This is cool! At 43 is a limitation? Yes, that's the max.&nbsp; 43 is very common. Okay, because the beauty is that we're look at the fuel flows. Now I see this,&nbsp; this is what I want to see. This is great. I try to get up to 43 anytime the flight about 2-2,5 hours probably. So a little bit accelerated, 365&nbsp; true speed right now and this is what you usually see on flight level 43. It'll&nbsp; get faster we should see more like 380-385. So we have tracks, I would like to put on my&nbsp;screen arrival. If you push in the top of this cursor... Honda 52 descend and maintain flight level 3900&nbsp; okay descend maintain flight level 3900 So tracks 11. okay. After that we have Demz, I see Demz 11, I see 11 and from deacon we expect&nbsp; R vectors to runway 5 right. right we're going to and I've got the r nav&nbsp; runway five right r nav GPS runway. Okay if you don't mind when we leave&nbsp; 18,000 I'll go to switch to manual. I back to the check list. About check list. No matter what page you have, click here and the check list always pop up. And when you're done with the checklist if&nbsp; you push and hold the wheel in it'll go back to what you had behind the checklist. Nice. Planing fuel elevation we have from FMS. Right. 926, I see. Engine anti ice. Nor required. Oil required? Not now but we may need it on the descent. Alright, it's look like we'll descended into the clouds. Go ahead and turn on engine anti ice on. that's the only manual selection we need&nbsp;to make for icing, everything else is automatic. I love this galley. What do you think it was right&nbsp; choice with galley? Yes, oh my god, you have room for you know a modest number of beverages, that you can&nbsp; have as on board stock you know standard stock, you got the coffee you have clean ice and then also&nbsp; ice to chill. So if you had I'd probably do like I'd have small bottles of&nbsp;wine like the half bottles you could probably put those in there to chill them. The only one&nbsp; negative impact of this galley we don't have the side seat for baggage as I understand from&nbsp; pilot he said most of the people use it for bags. Right, but I'd rather have the galley, like we talked&nbsp; about that option and I thought that this added so much more value. I totally&nbsp;agree with you. Let's do our performance to landing. Landing data. Just gonna work on the tab on the left side. The current weather. v nav configuration.. assuming ice protection of. landing flaps. and you could put a&nbsp; landing data in. increment to vref if you wanted. oh no windy,&nbsp; no not today, then all you have to do is say accept landing. And now I have v ref 107. that's it. this is all I need to now. Right? let me play with charts if I would like&nbsp; approach r nav 5 right. How do you&nbsp;feel when you flying single pilot? I feel pretty comfortable, yeah, you get used to it. Like I said&nbsp; the airplane is really well suited for single pilot flying. Honda test 52 give me a good rate&nbsp; down to 19. okay good rate Honda test 52. Let's go to 3000. Yes. use your speed brake. Nice. Easy. So when you cross 8000 you&nbsp;need to push it again? Yep and what I did is I pre-selected the altimeter setting. Where are you pre-selected? Well anytime you're in standard if you move the Barrel knob it&nbsp;pre-selects it and then when you push it. approach to on the test 52 quick direct tracks&nbsp; cross tracks at 1 1,000 and speed discretion to Greensboro for altimeters 36 okay direct&nbsp; tracks 11,000 and speed R discretion and 006. let's set 11,000 and then v nav Now if you touch 11,000&nbsp; fl110 and then hit Vnav direct and then it's going to sync up your Vnav&nbsp; here it comes we pass capture. Perfect. We can pull intiice systems to see if any&nbsp; systems works right now. Yeah, yeah sure. I can go to system, the status, right? Yeah there's an actual ice protection page you'll see that those are always&nbsp; on and then the engines are currently on because we've manually selected them. Yeah but no&nbsp;wing. Yeah, cuz it's going to wait until it actually gets an ice we' get an ice detected here and&nbsp; then actually.. From these sensors? Correct! And that's what activates the wing and the tail. I&nbsp;got you. so other than that it's just electrical windshields and props on the left and right side.&nbsp; Yep. Got it. Excellent. I'm going to push back to local altimeter and you&nbsp; can actually add some power if you want speed up. we don't need v nav no more? yeah. cuz when we do the approaches just by being in approach&nbsp; mode it's going to capture the glide path. At minimums LP minimum is already set here.&nbsp; Right? No, we manual set. We need to manual set? Right. So to procedure? Yeah, you could. thats and then you&nbsp; touch the approach and there's your minimums. anti ice off. okay. So a couple things about the&nbsp; landing. You can maintain probably let's say 180 knots or so until we get onto the&nbsp; final approach course. Okay and then maybe 160 or so. And then we gonna do some .... when glide path comes in do gear down and after that we'll do our landing flaps and&nbsp; then you can maintain 140 or so, and then as we get a little bit closer we'll slow back to about v ref plus 10. Honda 52 maintain 4,000. down to 4,000 Honda test 52. 4,000 set. I see four. So a couple things about the side picture on landing. It's going to appear that we're very flat but we're&nbsp; actually pitched up quite a bit. So when you touch down on the mains you're going to have&nbsp; to deliberately derotate like slowly lower the nose down because if you touch with the mains&nbsp; and then release all your back pressure the nose is going to come down kind of hard. cuz it may feel&nbsp; like maybe the nose wheel is just a few inches off the ground but it's really a few feet. It's good&nbsp;to have cap holders which match it with size of iPhones. One finger demonstration. That's it. So being that we now are think is going to be able to do a lot for trums and we can start&nbsp; considering caring. Yeah he descending so from 11,000 down to 10,000 and we have 62 miles&nbsp; remaining and 17 minutes to destination all this information is from Garmin 3000.&nbsp; That's it, so you see it. And I can play, this is what I would like to show, I&nbsp; don't know why it's locked because it's locked for on a on a panel but&nbsp; technically passengers can do climate control from computer or&nbsp; from phone and manage the temperature, you can manage the lights. We already&nbsp; did it, you see, so I'm clicking this - boom boom cabin dim. Vertical track. Thank you,&nbsp; not required. This is vertical track to courses, right? so it's calculated to course. and the other thing I&nbsp; use this a lot we've got the the blue arc there, the banana that's probably seen that with a&nbsp; lot of other avionics that's really useful so we're going to get to 4,000 slightly a little bit&nbsp; before closes. I'll try to manage it. Sure sounds great. Auto pilot off and then as far as the yaw damp goes&nbsp; we'll wait until about 50 ft for the Yaw damp. Yaw damper goes away automatically right? No, you will have&nbsp; to manually disconnect but it does automatically engage on takeoff and then as far as speeds go&nbsp; it's 200 knots for your flaps and this also for the gear and then 60 knots on the full flaps.&nbsp; but you'll easily be slower than all that. Before final approach I have to have all gears&nbsp; and landing flaps? No you don't necessarily have to at that stage I would probably just have approach&nbsp; flaps. When glide path comes in then we can lower the gear. Okay and then a good Target on the power is probably&nbsp; about 50% a little over 55 maybe. it's so stable. It is. Unbelievable. It's very responsive too I mean&nbsp; you can make some turns if you want I mean it that's one of the things I really enjoy about the&nbsp; airplane. it's nothing to do here. Yeah Flaps to approach and we can go down to 28 right?&nbsp; Yeah you could yeah or you could stay here and your glide path's just&nbsp; going to come in that's probably the easiest and then you can probably even leave your&nbsp; power up there at that 55. you'll see It'll slow down. Okay we at 1.8 mil from the&nbsp; final, gear down. Sounds great. Below 200 speed check completed, gears down. Runway&nbsp;insight. I feel it like yaw damper is working on. yeah and that's why we&nbsp; tend to leave it on until we get pretty low it's a lot more comfortable for the passengers.&nbsp; Exactly. All right this might be a good spot for your full flaps whenever you're ready. Three&nbsp;miles, 160 below, speed check completed. Flaps full. then out here I'd probably maintain 120 to 130 or so, until you get a little closer. All right we're cleared to land. It's going to be a right exit and&nbsp; all we have left is yaw damp. yeah. Yaw damper disconnected and I have&nbsp;v ref plus 10. Runway insight. Continue visual. 500. Checked, continue landing. Compared to Lear jet 60 it is much&nbsp; quieter and compared to VisionJet I would say approximately the same. But on a VisionJet I&nbsp;flew with noise cancelling headphones. Therefore for comparison it is necessary to fly on a VisionJet as a passenger too. minimums minimums. continue so once we get down to the ground I'm&nbsp; just going to kind of have you hold this about the same pitch attitude if you flare too much&nbsp; it'll it'll really kind of float for you and then we're going to wait probably till less&nbsp; than 50 ft before we pull the thrust back to idle. All right looks good, we got about&nbsp; ref plus five. Yaw damps away. Hold your power, hold your power, okay. Thrust the&nbsp; idle, just hold that pitch right there hold it, hold it, hold it, perfect, hold it, nice.&nbsp; okay I'm going to get your speed brake for oh we don't have revers. No reversers&nbsp; and slide your feet up on the brakes and go full brakes, go ahead really get on&nbsp; them so you can feel it nice very good. Landing on a Vision Jet is softer because&nbsp; it has higher shock absorbing strats but it still depends on the skills&nbsp; of the pilot and other factors. We can go down the next one if you&nbsp; want mike five. yeah I don't want to burn the brakes, it's not my style. so we&nbsp; landed about in 3,000 ft? Yes. that's normal. Flaps up. and speed break retract right side clear what's going on&nbsp; there? This cabinet was all the way on Nice job! very good. Thank you. Did I pass the&nbsp; check ride? You did, I think you're qualified. haven't even done your first&nbsp; Sim yet? You're going to be just fine! Piece&nbsp; of cake. It really is an easy airplane fly It's so easy to fly for pilots, it's great! So we taxing like you did&nbsp;before? right, left, all the way to the left And we have taxi&nbsp; lights right now on? Correct. Nice job with the taxiing by the way. I found it so&nbsp;easy so I don't feel any problems all. [Music] I very pleased with the flight as a passenger.&nbsp; I don't know how the others feel but they seem to be delighted too. If I were the owner of this&nbsp; plane I would simply not get out of it. I would live in it and fly wherever I want without&nbsp; worrying about anything. So a cool plane, just super for a passenger. I like&nbsp; it more than any other planes I've flown. VisionJet may argue but&nbsp; it's just personal preference. So parking brakes. Parking brake set, wheel chocks&nbsp; installed, anti system off. thrust lever cut off. that's it? So easy! yeah you see it over there oxygen pulled off and battery, parking brake we need to release&nbsp;it? right? Yep, that's it. released and batter's off. That's it. Oh my God it's so easy, man! Well done! I appreciate. I'm so happy, happy, happy. That was a&nbsp;pleasure flying with you. Likewise! How you did it? you just pull? Okay. see and then you can slide all the way&nbsp; back, it'll make it a little easier. Here we go. Hello Earth! Hello earthlings! A lot of positive&nbsp; Impressions. Cool plane! On the second flight the pressurization was the same but I was totally&nbsp; fine. A very cool plane. I'll think about it but the first impression is great. I piloted manually&nbsp; on the decent and it is so stable that you can do nothing, he just flies by itself. This is a real&nbsp; plane that flies by itself. The cockpit is very spacious, there's a lot of space above the head&nbsp; very wide, the pilot and co-pilot do not bother each other. The cockpit is very quiet, passengers&nbsp; feel differently but in the cockpit there is complete silence, no music is needed, you can&nbsp; enjoy the silence. These are first impressions. Now about one con that I noticed. Sometimes these&nbsp; drawers are open during takeoff and landing but it's not just Honda Jets' problem, this happens on&nbsp; all aircraft with a galley. This drawer was opened after a takeoff. I do not want to blame Honda&nbsp; in any way it just does not create a very good impression. This thing actually opened at landing.&nbsp; This is the only things that I didn't like but in general it's cool, it is very easy to operate,&nbsp; it seems to me that a graduate with a CPL can fly on it after five trainings perhaps. We measured&nbsp; fuel consumption at flight level 430 and it was exactly 600 lb we used about 90 gallons per hour&nbsp; which is very little, very economical aircraft. It was great! I want to say big big thank you!&nbsp; You personally and company Honda Jet to allow me to fly this airplane and do this video. I'm&nbsp; glad you enjoyed. I'm so excited, I don't have enough words to say something but I can say that&nbsp; for pilots is so simple and it's so easy to fly. It's like Cesna 172 for students but maybe even&nbsp; easier so I just want to say thank you so much. I appreciate it. You have Instagram and Facebook&nbsp; and all these kind of communications? I will put it in in the description in the video. Awesome,&nbsp; sounds good. Thank you so much, appreciate it. Do not skimp on likes, comments and share this video with your friends and subscribe&nbsp; to the channel. This is very important for the growth of our audience and allows us&nbsp; to create new cool and interesting videos. All right. Thank you so much&nbsp; for your help, goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChestyMcStudmuffin [5 likes]: What kills me about these toys is that they give you tons of seats, but you'll need to refuel every 90 minutes if you use them, but the max range figure they give you is always full tanks, no other cargo and like 1 person onboard.
  2. @jmrotsaert [1 likes]: Great job. I called the south Florida rep and it would surprise me if I didn’t get one 😂 I’ll send you a note to fly it together after my type rating is completed
  3. @browndigity420 [1 likes]: Very very informative, I feel I could with confidence take that bad girl for a flight and return it safely without anyone noticing besides fuel used. Great video
  4. @andymunnings9109 [1 likes]: "Thank you for the walk through presentation; It adds 
One with a feel for the Aircraft." 👍. 
    ~Honda Does it again; Everyone Loves a Honda.~
  5. @beargraham5245 [1 likes]: 🐻💙💙💙💯🤜
  6. @pierro281279 [1 likes]: 27:00 That's both better and worse. When mounted on the wing, especially in the flow path of the flaps, they allow the wing to disable a lot of lift. This is practical when you have strong wings on touchdown, even more if triggerd  by weight on wheel sensors. In france we sometime call those kind of speedbrakes "Destructeurs de portance" , wich means lift destroyers. I'm not that fluent in english, but maybe the same goes with spoilers and speedbrakes ?


I guess we can't have both worlds.
  7. @ChestyMcStudmuffin [1 likes]: 57:03
Trying to make sense of some of those readings..."odometer"? Arrival time arrives before departure? (changing time zone?)
  8. @ChestyMcStudmuffin [1 likes]: No autothrottle.
No Safe Return.
No parachute.
Holds the same # of people as an SF50.
  9. @freezee7547: Bro, that napkin looked so loco, man. It was like you are going to hive the whole Honda museum.
  10. @juniorcherenfant3523: What happens if the instrument panels fail is there a backup of some kind? Is there something I’m missing here
  11. @Rich-j8y: Sorry taking the work load from the pilot would be dangerous pilots do preflight checks it would make pilots lazy and therefore make flying dangerous so no a decent workload is good for a pilot and not allowed a computer to do it for you apsalute garbage
  12. @Rich-j8y: They have never built any aircraft and it has no pedigree if im going to fly a plane i want to feel safe at 5000ft and higher  so no i would rather purchase a lear jet i would feel safer lol
  13. @wr7541: you look like a bandit
  14. @sHuRuLuNi: is this voiceover, wtf is this shite?? where is the original voice??
  15. @raresr79: yeap I am still remaining a vision jet fan
  16. @SirStarlight100: The thumbnail: “Fligth Review” ???
  17. @iPlayOnSpica: The rudder and fuel tanks are tiny for this plane. I'm not confident it can handle strong crosswinds, and it certainly cannot fly very far for a multiengine jet
  18. @normoloid: Love this jet and engine, but I must say Honda is making a big mistake if they are going for bigger engine production, instead of just going for cheaper production of current engine line and creating new 1 to 6 engines plane designs.

Imagine if Honda would be first viable flying wing for civilians seller for example, if they waste time and resources on new engine they would miss hefty number of years in slapping those current babies on just about anything like J85 that it's designed to replace anyways...
  19. @JackTimePaaasss: why are they wearing masks?? 😁😁😁😁
  20. @tywilson7244: Typical white person going into a Japanese assembly factory during a pandemic in March 2021 as stated in :50 of this video.  The arrogance of this guy who decides to not wear a KN 95 mask and instead a bandana and then proceeds to take it off the entire time to drink his coffee.   This is why the rest of the world sighs at white privilege.

- JetIt Company Tells Honda Jet Owners To Find New Home - What Next?: Kind: captions Language: en hello greetings my name is Tom lalion if you're watching this video it's because you're likely a Honda Jet owner and have recently heard about the largest operator of Honda jets in the United States company jetted telling owners to find a new home for their aircraft a few days ago jet at company had grounded all of their flight citing issues with the fleet itself and now a few days later they had an ownership call and they're telling their owners hey you might need to find a new home for your aircraft Pilots are leaving employees are being furloughed and it's just a little bit of a newsworthy story so if you're currently a Honda Jet owner something you want to keep in mind is if these owners begin to liquidate their Fleet and sell off their shares more Honda Jets come onto the market it's a simple case of supply and demand and so it will definitely impact the current market which currently sits at about three Honda Jet Elites and four Honda Jet Les's currently on the market so if you've been thinking about making a change with your Honda yet you may want to come to the market sooner rather than later especially here in the end of the second quarter going into the third quarter we all know the fourth quarter is the biggest time of year for aircraft purchases this is the time to start putting your jet on the market if you've been thinking about doing it this year now if you're a jetted fractional owner you're probably thinking to yourself what are my options and so obviously there's two basically we can sell your shares or you can go and find another operation another operator or manager now of course if you're going to sell your shares you may not have already spoken to the other owners in your aircraft and it may be kind of a headache I imagine to try to get 10 or 8 or 6 or 4 people together to figure out what's going to be our next move and so I would recommend reaching out to a third party maybe it's one of your Pilots or your manager or you can reach out to myself to help facilitate this discussion of how do we make the right decision for everybody involved in this individual aircraft so that's option one to sell or option two you might be looking at how can I find another operator or manager that can take care of the aircraft maybe you're you're done with the business model and you just want someone to manage it so that you can use it individually great let's find another manager for you or you want to continue of this business model whereby you get a few hours on your private jet and then you allow a charter company to use it for generating Revenue well let's find another operator where do you get started again I would love an opportunity to work with you and and find the right operator for you as I have a extensive network of Charter operators that I believe could be a good fit for you so if you have a trusted advisor a third party they can help you navigate through this complex situation now is the time to give them a call but if you don't I would love an opportunity to work with you again my name is Tom lalia with Jet Life Arrow find out more information at the ultimatejetguide.com or you can contact me with my info below [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Williamb612 [1 likes]: you failed to mention why these jets are being dumped
  2. @franciscogomes4416 [1 likes]: Honda can’t compete with Embraer’s Phenomenal phenoms 100 and 300
  3. @jamesc101 [1 likes]: You should reach out to Volato who are offering Jet It fractional owners a 90 day lease to help then get through these most difficult of times, get their aircraft flying and help alleviate some of the costs being incurred.

- Removing paint defects on a HondaJet  + Ceramic Coating: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you good morning today we are in Virginia and we're working on a Honda Jet this is a red and white 2016. it's a really good shape my client just bought it and wants to get it all shined up so we're doing a paint correction ceramic coating and despite being in really good shape there are a lot of Swirls and you know buffing marks that kind of stuff so definitely needs that paint correction in some areas there's some sanding marks that require a little bit deeper paint correction so a lot of work it is a larger aircraft than what I usually work on of course it's not as big as for example the Gulf Stream that's in the background there but um there's a lot of there's a lot of surface area especially kind of in this area here where you have the engines the engine pylons the space between the fuselage and the cells is kind of tight so you end up spending a disproportionate amount of your time in this area and kind of up there the fuselage of course is easy because there's no exposed rivet heads it's a very smooth fuselage so um I already started on the other side we're going to finish up this side get the engine pile on and we're going to get underneath get the belly polished then we're going to alcohol wipe everything remove any polished residue that might be on there we're going to ceramic coat the fuselage on the tail then we move on to the wings so a lot of work let's get to it so let's look at some of the paint defects here these are sanding marks you see that pattern these kind of in random directions that's called rids random intermediate depth scratches those are generally from washing so that's why when I wash I try and move in straight lines as much as possible so I'm spraying a 1 to 20 dilution of optimum no rinse spraying it on wiping it off now look at that so you see that bug splatter this is just something cool I've been meaning to show you guys um where the bug proteins are the norin sticks because it's protein and protein is attracted to water um and everywhere else it just kind of Beats so that's what we want we want the water to work on the protein and dissolve it and soften it so when we take it off it doesn't scratch for this job I'm using a medium aggressive paint correction so we're using the blue wool rupes pad on a force rotation Flex cordless polisher along with the last cut compound that's a mouthful and um like I said we're doing a pretty intermediate level aggression um compounding and because aircraft paints really hard we can actually finish this down this compound is a diminishing abrasive so it starts really aggressive and then it works its way down to more of a Polish so in most cases we can do a one step on this but still get pretty good results if you look at the light reflection for example where we just polish you can see how much clearer that looks other areas like on the engine here where we have a lot of sanding marks I did that same one step because it's such a visible area I actually ended up doing a few more steps to get everything out so after that first step you can see really just focusing on those sanding marks and wiping it off the results were good but they weren't as excellent as they could be so take a look you see those those sanding marks are still in there you notice how it's not hazy though from the compounding because it's a diminishing abrasive so it polishes down nicely flexes little cordless polisher which I think is called the pxc80 it actually has a lot of torque it uses a brushless motor so we can put a microfiber cutting pad or a wool pad on there use the Dual Action head use that same The Last Detail compound and it actually does a really good job of focusing that compound energy right where you need it so this is a great way to chase out deeper paint defects when you don't need the whole area compounded again so these are Holograms these are from overly aggressive buffing with a rotary see how that light reflection is not very clean generally these come out pretty easily as well I consider that a kind of a light to superficial uh surface defect but we're using the same method you can see it clears out very nicely after polishing the whole plane we alcohol wipe it alcohol wiping pulls out any polishing oils waxes fingerprints any kind of oils that might be on there so the alcohol dissolves everything you see how it gets hazy then you go back over it with a clean section of your microfiber towel and you buff away that Haze and that takes off those oils and polishes and if you're a fan of the channel you know that after this step we ceramic coat so ceramic coating is wiped on and kind of spread in it it's kind of an oily looking liquid um if I walked away from this it would cure hard with streaks in there so it's really important to level everything back off which is done with microfiber towel so here we're wiping away the excess the coating bonds really quickly to the paint and forms a really tough and hydrophobic surface so all those scratchy scratches you see from cleaning because the airplane is going to clean up easier you don't have to wash it as hard and you don't generate those scratches also the surface is harder a little bit so it's a little more scratch resistant but more than anything just because it cleans easier it takes less effort um that paint correction that we worked so hard on is going to be preserved for longer foreign I went to the parts that I was procrastinating so top of the tail that was fun working off the ladder you got to get the top side Underside Underside the wings um if you guys know me you know how much I like Vortex generators and trying to polish them between them it turns out the Honda Jet has Vortex generators right in front of the ailerons in the underside so coating that was a little cumbersome but it all got done everything's protected glossed up looking great I don't expect to do this again for quite a while we generally give planes a thousand flight hour durability on the coating but since all the mess goes out straight to back you know I feel like this coating is going to hold up a little bit longer so here it is thanks so much for watching I'm really happy with how this turned out and if you like this kind of stuff subscribe to the channel and we'll get you some more content thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @walt8089 [3 likes]: What a beautiful aircraft ..... great job ! You should video the owner when he first lays his eyes on the beautiful job you did on his aircraft !
  2. @Phil328 [2 likes]: Another great job... I would appreciate it if you could go through the all products and equipment you use and show them in a video for us enquiring minds.
  3. @bluemaxsix [1 likes]: Literally the best video ever made...ever.
  4. @AngelMartinez_14: Great Job! What coating are you using??
  5. @bowen_ceramic_coatings: Start to finish, how long did it take you to complete this project? Amazing video! Very well done 👍
  6. @donandhisstationair2382: I have learned a lot about cleaning my plane without damaging the paint from your channel. I use the products you recommend. The one thing I can’t find is a time where you’re restoring the plexiglass on the airplane. I’ve heard that you can wax it. It gets the swirls and light scratches out. Do you have recommendations.
  7. @barrycook8116: Amazing work! How many pads total did you use? How many total hours?
  8. @DavidGodinWCL: I am curious if you coat the leading edge of the wings. I couldn't tell if they were hear only or if they weep the alcohol but looked like heated deicers only. Great video
  9. @gracied3298: Great job!!
  10. @maxmirot9460: Outstanding job!    I just did ceramic coat on my RV7 with 10 year old Imron paint. It is amazing how hard the paint is compared to auto paint.
  11. @piotrowskidetailing: Perfect!!

- The Insiders' Guide Aircraft Comparison: Honda HondaJet vs Embraer Phenom 100: Kind: captions Language: en René: The HondaJet and Phenom 100 are two of the most technologically advanced light jets on the market the Phenom 100 is consistently one of the best-selling business jets in the world and well not as established yet, the HondaJet is one of the most often researched. Today they're upgraded successors the HondaJet elite and Phenom 100EV have taken over as the standard for each aircraft we'll get into some of the differences in a few minutes but Jake, buyers in this market seem to be interested in efficiencies of time and money can you break down the typical cost for us? Jake: yeah sure so let's take the baseline right of a hundred thousand miles flown in a year for both planes that's about two hundred and fifteen hours flown in one year for a hundred thousand miles in the HondaJet on average you're getting four hundred and ten knots in the Phenom 100 you're getting about the same maybe a little bit less 405 so we're splitting hairs at that point the fuel is interesting so the fuel for the HondaJet is 123 gallons an hour for a fuel burn for the Phenom it's 106 so you're saving almost 20 gallons an hour when you fly. Maintenance reserves though you make up for it Honda's just like cars so easy to maintain so maintenance reserves this might be the very cheapest one that we do is four hundred and thirty five dollars an hour for reserve for a HondaJet it's 485 for the Phenom 100 so that kind of balances out the fuel burn when we talked about operational costs, insurance identical not not a dime difference, pilot training pretty much identical maybe you'll pay a little bit more for the HondaJet, so yearly DLCs you were flying 215 hours a year for the HondaJet you're looking at two hundred and twenty-two thousand dollars for the Phenom 100 you're looking at two hundred and eighteen thousand dollars so right again four grands we're splitting hairs when you're when you're paying a quarter million and then yearly fixed again splitting hairs yeah one hundred seventy one versus a hundred and seventy two thousand dollars so they're just neck-and-neck as far as operational cost go. René: Well as far as performance specs are concerned the Honda's improved range over the original model allows it to fly 1,437 nautical miles compared to the Phenom 100 EV's 1,178 giving it a 300 nautical mile advantage, both aircraft are single pilot rated and carry five passengers so no advantage either way there. If you're an aircraft lavatory critic however like me you'll love the skylight and the Honda Jets fully enclosed lavatory and honestly the cabin seems roomier than its competitors maybe because of the additional natural lighting both aircraft have a compelling background Honda's certainly a household name and has a reported 1.5 billion dollar investment in their creation of the HondaJet it's unique design with the engines mounted on top of the wings makes it distinctive anywhere the Phenom was born into a legacy of reliability with roots and Embraer's regional jets and the engineering support that goes along with it those that are used to Garmin avionics will find both cockpits familiar as the Phenom 100 uses Embraer's prodigy touch flight deck based on the Garmin 3000 and the HondaJet uses the original Garmin 3000. Jake: I will say before we close this out that I have been in a HondaJet and I've been on a ton of Phenoms and the HondaJet when they're well maintained I mean they're just so impressive they just look great. Visit wepushedin.com/resources to learn more about current market values and find even more valuable resources for buying or selling an aircraft!

  Top Comments:
  1. @creativityworld6781 [19 likes]: hondajet has less noise in cabine as the engines are placed on the wings
  2. @kennethbratvogel2333 [18 likes]: Honda should have called their airplane the GoldWing
  3. @pharoah1200 [12 likes]: Seeing the HondaJet Elite, makes me want to learn to fly ✈
  4. @paratrooperlane7022 [11 likes]: Phenom 100 wins.
  5. @AvBuyer [8 likes]: Don't forget to subscribe for more videos like this!
  6. @eduardomeller6926 [6 likes]: Nobody beats Embraer. The best plane maker in the world. Honda has longer range and higher speed, but is more expensive. If you want that and do not mind paying more for it, buy a Phenom 300.
  7. @mikaelesmith475 [6 likes]: Honda Jet is the winner!
  8. @Amayi1 [5 likes]: Thank you for the video, I'm sure you had a tight amount of footage, however it would have been nice to cover both planes in a little more detail.
  9. @maplefreak64 [4 likes]: HondaJet Elite: 2,265 km+396 km = 2,661 km +17%
Tom Cruise is buying Honda Jet of custom paint and is enjoying a drive.
  10. @ericchen6096 [3 likes]: Based on sales numbers of last several years, Honda jet is the clear winner. Phenom 100 has abysmal sales figure now probably because of Honda jet.
  11. @John.Halsted [2 likes]: Great review, but you forgot full fuel useful load.
  12. @jaco_oosthuizen [2 likes]: I prefer the Honda jet, but I can only dream of having either one of the two.
  13. @MP-ut1xp [2 likes]: Honda all the way.
  14. @JadedCoffeeDrinker [1 likes]: Great information.
  15. @psychiatry-is-eugenics [1 likes]: the Honda should have a second winglet on the top of the fuselage connecting the 2 engines
  16. @Tain950: Basically you have to be filthy rich to own either Jet 🛩 😂
  17. @rayray_x2: Yeah sure
  18. @Matt.Jernigan: Is the crosswind limitation on the hondajet that big of a big deal?
  19. @crunchied8: If the jet that is higher cruising altitude would burn less than the other jet just thinking
  20. @iltuoinformatico: Sorry but i prefer SF50 with only one engine but have 7 seats 👋

- Pilatus PC24 vs Phenom 300E | FULL COMPARISON: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿Imagine this: you’re standing on a sun-soaked&nbsp; runway, the glint of polished aluminum catching&nbsp;&nbsp; your eye. In front of you are two titans of the&nbsp; sky—two marvels of modern aviation engineering,&nbsp;&nbsp; each promising to redefine what it means to&nbsp; travel in luxury and style. On your left,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Pilatus PC twenty four, a jet that’s been&nbsp; dubbed the “Super Versatile Jet,” ready to take&nbsp;&nbsp; you anywhere, from the smoothest runways&nbsp; to the roughest airstrips. On your right,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Phenom three hundred E, the&nbsp; world’s fastest single-pilot jet,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a reputation for combining speed, comfort,&nbsp; and advanced technology like no other. &nbsp; But here’s the catch: you can only choose one.&nbsp; Which would it be? Which aircraft deserves your&nbsp;&nbsp; investment, your trust, and your time? That’s&nbsp; exactly what we’re diving into today. We're not&nbsp;&nbsp; just talking specs—we’re talking about what these&nbsp; jets can do for you, how they change the game in&nbsp;&nbsp; private aviation, and why you might find yourself&nbsp; falling in love with one over the other. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; buckle up and let’s see which of these&nbsp; two legends truly dominates the sky. Before we break down the specs, let's set the&nbsp; stage. Pilatus Aircraft and Embraer are names&nbsp;&nbsp; that echo through the halls of aviation history.&nbsp; Pilatus, the Swiss manufacturer, is known for its&nbsp;&nbsp; precision engineering and rugged versatility,&nbsp; while Embraer, hailing from Brazil, has built&nbsp;&nbsp; a reputation for sleek, innovative designs that&nbsp; push the boundaries of what’s possible in the&nbsp;&nbsp; sky. The Pilatus PC twenty four and the Phenom&nbsp; three hundred E are the crown jewels of their&nbsp;&nbsp; respective lineups, each representing the pinnacle&nbsp; of their creators’ design philosophies. Let’s start with the Pilatus PC twenty four, a jet&nbsp; that’s earned its nickname as the “Super Versatile&nbsp;&nbsp; Jet” for good reason. The Pilatus PC twenty&nbsp; four is a trailblazer in the light jet category,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering capabilities that set it apart&nbsp; from anything else in its class. Performance: When we talk about versatility,&nbsp;&nbsp; we’re not just throwing around a buzzword.&nbsp; The Pilatus can take off and land on runways&nbsp;&nbsp; as short as three thousand feet, including dirt,&nbsp; gravel, and grass strips. This means you can fly&nbsp;&nbsp; into over twenty-one thousand airports worldwide,&nbsp; many of which are out of reach for traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; jets. This isn’t just about convenience; it’s&nbsp; about going where others can’t, reaching remote&nbsp;&nbsp; destinations without the need for connecting&nbsp; flights or long drives after landing. With a maximum cruising speed of four hundred&nbsp; forty miles per hour, the Pilatus isn’t just&nbsp;&nbsp; about getting there—it’s about getting there fast.&nbsp; But speed isn’t everything. The jet’s impressive&nbsp;&nbsp; slow stall speed of eighty-one knots means it can&nbsp; safely operate at lower speeds, which is crucial&nbsp;&nbsp; for those short, rugged runways. Cabin: Stepping inside the Pilatus PC twenty four,&nbsp; you’re greeted by a cabin that feels more like a&nbsp;&nbsp; luxurious living room than an aircraft. The cabin&nbsp; offers over five hundred cubic feet of space,&nbsp;&nbsp; significantly larger than other jets&nbsp; in its class. The flat-floor design&nbsp;&nbsp; ensures that even the tallest passengers&nbsp; have plenty of headroom and legroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; making long flights more comfortable. The attention to detail is evident in every&nbsp;&nbsp; inch of the cabin, from the plush seats to&nbsp; the state-of-the-art entertainment system&nbsp;&nbsp; that allows passengers to control cabin settings,&nbsp; watch movies, or track the flight—all from their&nbsp;&nbsp; personal devices. And let’s not forget about the&nbsp; baggage. With ninety cubic feet of baggage space,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can bring everything you need—and then some.&nbsp; Plus, the large cargo door at the rear of the&nbsp;&nbsp; plane makes loading and unloading a breeze. Don't forget to like this video, subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; to our channel, and activate the&nbsp; notifications. Don't miss any of&nbsp;&nbsp; our videos about the world of luxury. The Pilatus PC twenty four is also a tech&nbsp;&nbsp; lover’s dream. The Williams engines&nbsp; are equipped with Quiet Power Mode,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing one engine to operate at low speed to&nbsp; power the aircraft’s systems on the ground without&nbsp;&nbsp; the need for a noisy ground power unit. This&nbsp; not only makes for a quieter, more comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; experience but also adds to the aircraft’s&nbsp; efficiency and operational flexibility. And speaking of efficiency, the jet’s advanced&nbsp; wing design and double-slotted flap system give&nbsp;&nbsp; it superior performance at both high and low&nbsp; speeds. This smart engineering allows the PC&nbsp;&nbsp; twenty four to handle everything from short&nbsp; runways to high-altitude airports with ease,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it a true all-terrain aircraft. Now, let’s turn our attention to the Phenom 300E,&nbsp;&nbsp; the upgraded version of Embraer’s best-selling&nbsp; Phenom 300. This jet is all about speed,&nbsp;&nbsp; sophistication, and cutting-edge avionics,&nbsp; making it the go-to choice for those who value&nbsp;&nbsp; performance and luxury. The Phenom three hundred E is the world’s fastest&nbsp; single-pilot jet, with a maximum operating speed&nbsp;&nbsp; of Mach zero-point-eight at thirty-three thousand&nbsp; feet. That’s about four hundred sixty-four miles&nbsp;&nbsp; per hour, making it the quickest aircraft in&nbsp; its class. But it’s not just about speed—the&nbsp;&nbsp; Phenom also boasts an impressive range of&nbsp; over two thousand nautical miles, meaning&nbsp;&nbsp; you can fly non-stop from New York to Miami or Los&nbsp; Angeles to Chicago without breaking a sweat. The aircraft’s time-to-climb is equally&nbsp; impressive, reaching its maximum altitude&nbsp;&nbsp; of forty-five thousand feet in just&nbsp; twenty-four minutes. This allows&nbsp;&nbsp; you to cruise above commercial air traffic,&nbsp; avoiding delays and turbulence for a smoother,&nbsp;&nbsp; more direct flight. When you step into the Phenom three hundred E,&nbsp; it’s clear that Embraer has pulled out all the&nbsp;&nbsp; stops to create a cabin experience that’s second&nbsp; to none. The new Bossa Nova interior option is a&nbsp;&nbsp; masterpiece of design, featuring custom stitching&nbsp; inspired by the sidewalks of Rio de Janeiro,&nbsp;&nbsp; piano black accents, and carbon fiber&nbsp; details that scream modern luxury. The cabin is not just about aesthetics—it’s also&nbsp; about comfort and convenience. The improved seat&nbsp;&nbsp; tracking gives pilots and passengers alike more&nbsp; legroom, while the enhanced noise insulation&nbsp;&nbsp; ensures that you’ll enjoy a quieter flight.&nbsp; The Phenom also features Gogo’s advanced L5&nbsp;&nbsp; air-to-ground connectivity system, which allows&nbsp; for fast internet speeds capable of streaming&nbsp;&nbsp; movies, sending emails with large attachments,&nbsp; and even making phone calls while in the air. And let’s talk about pressurization—the Phenom&nbsp; offers the best pressurization in its class,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a maximum cabin altitude of six thousand&nbsp; six hundred feet. This means you’ll feel more&nbsp;&nbsp; refreshed upon arrival, even after&nbsp; long flights at high altitudes. The Phenom three hundred E isn’t just fast—it’s&nbsp; smart, too. The Garmin G three thousand-based&nbsp;&nbsp; Prodigy Touch flight deck has been upgraded&nbsp; with new display hardware, faster processors,&nbsp;&nbsp; and improved map-panning features, giving pilots&nbsp; more control and better situational awareness. The&nbsp;&nbsp; system’s ability to import FMS speeds directly&nbsp; into the autopilot reduces pilot workload,&nbsp;&nbsp; making for a safer, more efficient flight. Safety is another area where the Phenom&nbsp;&nbsp; three hundred E shines. Embraer has introduced&nbsp; several new features, including the Runway&nbsp;&nbsp; Overrun Awareness and Alerting System, which&nbsp; helps prevent one of the most common causes&nbsp;&nbsp; of aviation accidents. By using real-time data&nbsp; to calculate the chances of a runway overrun,&nbsp;&nbsp; this system warns pilots if they’re&nbsp; approaching too fast or too steep,&nbsp;&nbsp; providing alerts that encourage timely action.&nbsp; The jet also features Emergency Descent Mode,&nbsp;&nbsp; which automatically flies the aircraft to a lower&nbsp; altitude in the event of cabin decompression,&nbsp;&nbsp; adding another layer of safety&nbsp; for passengers and crew. Head-to-Head Comparison: Now that we’ve explored the individual strengths&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Pilatus PC twenty four and the Phenom&nbsp; three hundred E, let’s put them head-to-head. When it comes to versatility, the Pilatus takes&nbsp; the crown. Its ability to operate on short,&nbsp;&nbsp; unpaved runways gives it access to more airports&nbsp; than any other jet in its class. This makes it the&nbsp;&nbsp; ideal choice for travelers who need to reach&nbsp; remote locations or prefer the convenience of&nbsp;&nbsp; landing closer to their final destination. On the other hand, if speed is your top priority,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Phenom is the clear winner. Its maximum&nbsp; speed of Mach zero-point-eight and range of&nbsp;&nbsp; over two thousand nautical miles make it the&nbsp; fastest and farthest-flying jet in the light&nbsp;&nbsp; jet category. This is the jet for those who&nbsp; want to get to their destination as quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; and efficiently as possible. When it comes to cabin comfort,&nbsp;&nbsp; both jets have their strengths. The Pilatus offers&nbsp; a larger cabin with more headroom and legroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it a great choice for long flights.&nbsp; However, the Phenom three hundred E’s Bossa&nbsp;&nbsp; Nova interior and advanced noise insulation create&nbsp; a more luxurious and quiet environment, perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; for those who want to travel in style. In terms of technology and safety, the Phenom&nbsp;&nbsp; edges out the competition. Its advanced avionics,&nbsp; coupled with features like Runway Overrun&nbsp;&nbsp; Awareness and Alerting System and Emergency&nbsp; Descent Mode, make it one of the safest and&nbsp;&nbsp; most technologically advanced jets in its class.&nbsp; The Pilatus PC twenty four, while no slouch in the&nbsp;&nbsp; tech department, doesn’t quite match the Phenom&nbsp; three hundred E’s cutting-edge systems. Now, let’s talk about something that’s just&nbsp; as important as performance, versatility,&nbsp;&nbsp; and comfort—the costs. Owning a private jet is&nbsp; a significant investment, and understanding the&nbsp;&nbsp; financial aspects is crucial when deciding between&nbsp; the Pilatus PC twenty four and the Phenom. Starting with the purchase price, the&nbsp; Pilatus PC twenty four typically comes&nbsp;&nbsp; in around ten-point-seven million dollars. On the&nbsp; other hand, the Phenom is priced slightly lower,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a base price of about nine-point-six&nbsp; million dollars. While both jets are in the&nbsp;&nbsp; upper range of the light jet market, the&nbsp; Phenom three hundred E offers a slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; more affordable entry point. When it comes to operating costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; the differences continue. The Pilatus has&nbsp; an estimated hourly operating cost of around&nbsp;&nbsp; one thousand eight hundred dollars. This includes&nbsp; fuel, maintenance, and other variable costs. The&nbsp;&nbsp; Phenom, while also economical for its class, comes&nbsp; in with a slightly higher hourly operating cost,&nbsp;&nbsp; averaging around one thousand nine hundred dollars&nbsp; per hour. This difference is largely due to the&nbsp;&nbsp; Phenom’s higher fuel consumption, driven&nbsp; by its greater speed and performance. If you’re considering offsetting some of your&nbsp; ownership costs by chartering out your jet,&nbsp;&nbsp; both the Pilatus and the Phenom three hundred&nbsp; E are popular choices in the charter market.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Phenom, with its speed and luxury, often&nbsp; commands higher charter rates, ranging from&nbsp;&nbsp; four thousand to five thousand dollars per hour,&nbsp; depending on the region. The Pilatus, with its&nbsp;&nbsp; unique versatility, can also fetch competitive&nbsp; rates, generally between three thousand and&nbsp;&nbsp; four thousand five hundred dollars per hour. So, which jet should you choose? It really comes&nbsp;&nbsp; down to what you value most&nbsp; in a private aircraft. If you’re looking for a jet&nbsp; that can take you anywhere,&nbsp;&nbsp; including remote locations that other jets can’t&nbsp; reach, the Pilatus is your best bet. Its versatility, combined with a spacious cabin&nbsp; and impressive performance, makes it the&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimate all-terrain private jet. However, if speed, luxury, and advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; technology are what you’re after, the Phenom&nbsp; is the jet for you. With its unmatched speed,&nbsp;&nbsp; sophisticated cabin, and top-of-the-line safety&nbsp; features, the Phenom three hundred E offers&nbsp;&nbsp; a flying experience that’s hard to beat. In the end, both the Pilatus PC twenty four and&nbsp;&nbsp; the Phenom three hundred E are incredible&nbsp; aircraft that represent the best in their class.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whether you prioritize versatility or speed,&nbsp; comfort or technology, there’s a jet here that’s&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect for your needs. So, which one will it be?&nbsp; The Super Versatile Jet or the world’s fastest&nbsp;&nbsp; single-pilot aircraft? Comment which jet you like&nbsp; the most and if you enjoyed this video, click here&nbsp;&nbsp; to discover the ten Most AFFORDABLE Private&nbsp; Jets in the world. See you there in a second.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Happ465 [15 likes]: I wish you would truly compare the aircraft with stats. You don’t talk about differences in range, takeoff and landing, etc.  All you did was put a sales video to each aircraft.
  2. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [5 likes]: 1) GET MY FULL YOUTUBE SYSTEM! It’s literally everything you need to grow your own channel fast, and build a hugely profitable business with YouTube… You can make videos about whatever topics you find interesting, and you don’t even have to be on camera. So if you’re interested, just check out: https://bit.ly/wol-system 🚀

2) GET FREE SHIPPING on our stunning wall art of the most iconic private jets! Elevate your home or office with our exclusive collection. Shop now and bring the luxury of the skies to your walls! ✈
➡ https://bit.ly/WOL-Shop

3) Share this video with friends, family and groups. This way, you help bring this content to everyone!

4) Become a member of the World Of Luxury channel and help us significantly 👇
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOXYJ7pl4IhdjzH62L6hXAw/join

5) Drop a comment with your thoughts or suggestions. We value your input.
Thanks! 🙌✨
  3. @MikeB-in1nd [1 likes]: I prefer my Gulfstream G700 .
  4. @lyndonsmith1637 [1 likes]: When rocks and stones become legal tender, I’m going with the PC24. Only because I saw the Flying Doctors. Good enough for them,good enough for me😂👍😎🛩️
  5. @Edward-bn2vw [1 likes]: Why the music!
  6. @angeus0475 [1 likes]: Presentation with images that have nothing to do with these two planes + undisclosed specifications = sloppy video, shame.  🙄
  7. @emiliokalmera3700: PC 24 all day everyday LOL.
  8. @JosephQuame: I like phenom is the best
  9. @Kendopler: Phenom 300 E
  10. @lesliebishop3516: Shame you guys cant tell the difference between an Phenom and a gulf stream   do better
  11. @danielbarras3200: The Pilatus 24 of course the Land Rover of the sky 😂❤🇨🇭
  12. @averagepainter: hmm which jet would i choose.
  13. @cahecahe2615: Phenom 300
  14. @factzone2601: I would like to prefer to go with a very light jet which in future gonna be the queen of  sky the Honda Jet Elite 2
  15. @armyranger9346: What private jet buyer wants to land their $10 million private jet on a dirt, gravel or grass runway?  I highly doubt that's a selling point to 99,9% of private jet buyers.  People get private jets to get to their destination fast and in comfort.  Plus, most pilots "grow up" using Garmin avionics and are far more familiar and comfortable with it.
  16. @randygilmour: The PC24 has slightly more range while carrying a lot more weight with full fuel as well.
  17. @davidmatyczynski8832: ....the facility is what is important on longer flights... and thst it is NOT shared with the galley...  Phenom wins hands down with that... if it wasn't for that would be the Pilatus on landing anywhere and cost...
  18. @chain2001: I’ll have both please!
  19. @tm502010: If Pilatus would only upgrade the lav… Lord, that thing is an embarrassment! What I simply don’t get is all the range vs need BS aside, why would ANYONE with the money to buy such a plane, and the corporate need, want to endure the overall indignity of using such a lav? Painfully small, and intrusive into the cabin experience! Older people may well be the more likely owner/operator demographic. Older people need lavatories far more than younger! 😮
  20. @robertchambers5821: I was expecting a direct comparison, with numbers, fuel burn, with top speed and long range numbers.  This is a hodge podge of information, not that impressive.  With this presentation it doesn't promote either one.

- The Insiders' Guide Aircraft Comparison: Beechcraft King Air 350 vs Cessna Citation XLS: Kind: captions Language: en René: I love this comparison, it's kind of like comparing a fast Mercedes sedan with a slower but still plush pick-up truck and in Texas we see a lot of those. For today's comparison we're looking at the top of the line turboprop the King Air 350 and one of the most popular charter aircraft of all time Cessna's Citation XLS. This comparison is even more compelling because they are the aircraft on which my buddy Kenny Dichter built his ever-growing company 'Wheels Up' you can look at pricing for those charter services on their website or those of other charter companies, today we're going to examine actual fixed and direct operating costs as if you own the plane yourself, Jake, take it away. Jake: This is a fun comparison because you're right it's there we're not splitting hairs here we're really like looking at two very different but comparable aircraft, Rene: apples to oranges. Jake: Yeah that's right but you can you could own either one and justify either one depending on what you need it so let's take the baseline of a hundred thousand miles flown and this is gonna be significant because the XLS flies about four hundred twenty, four hundred twenty five knots while the King Air 350 is about little over three hundred so you're going significantly faster obviously because you're in the jet and you're getting up higher so it would take you two hundred and five hours to fly a hundred thousand miles in a year in the XLS in the King Air 350 it would take you almost three hundred, it's like two hundred and ninety. René: So you're buying a hundred hours. Jake: Yeah you're buying a hundred hours of your life back just like that's a time machine which is great but you're gonna pay for it right so the XLS burns 230 gallons an hour of fuel, the King Air 350 burns 131 so 230 to 130, we would say for a maintenance reserved for the XLS you're looking at eight hundred and sixty dollars per hour the King Air 350 is five hundred and twenty dollars per you are flying more hours in the King Air though so keep that in mind in the back of your head, when we talk about insurance the King Air's more expensive it's about seven/eight grand more expensive, this is a national average so King Air owners are like 'what?'. Pilot training is actually almost identical which I found surprising, when we look at direct operating costs even though you're only flying... René: Hang on a second, yes, with pilot training in a charter operation like we talked about with Wheels Up we're looking at two pilots flying that King Air 350 we're also looking at two pilots flying the Citation XLS but in a real-life example with you know you or I flying it for private use we could get by with one pilot in the King Air 350 while the Citation XLS still requires two so as people are looking at that it may be a little bit cheaper on the King Air with pilot costs and pilot training right just for that fact alone Jake: Yeah well that's good to keep in mind and so I'll chat a little bit about that at the very end from an operational standpoint if you're flying 205 hours a year in an XLS, direct operating costs are about $400,000 for 10 let's say in the King Air 350 when you're flying 290 hours still only three hundred and thirty seven thousand dollars a year. Wow. so you're saving a lot of money flying the King Air even though you're going slower, you're spending more time in the air but it's so much cheaper to operate that you actually save money the fixed cost this is big too because it just takes more up with a jet, fixed costs yearly for flying 200 hours in the XLS about four hundred thousand dollars and the King Air 350 it's about 285 so it's just cheaper to operate a King Air but do you need to go faster? do you need to go higher? do you like to say you have a jet? I mean these are all... René: Do you need to go farther? Jake: That's right you need to go farther? There are a lot of factors that go into this. René: For the extra cash here's what you get, a cabin that's a foot taller and a foot wider a range that's more than 400 miles longer at 1939 nautical miles compared to just over 1500 for the King Air and the jet is a hundred and twenty knots faster than the turboprop so you're arriving sooner on longer hulls the King Air 350 however seats the same number of passengers eight and operates at a heck of a lot more affordable cost unlike other planes we compare these really do have different missions and we often see corporate fleets that have both a jet and a turboprop to support those. Visit wepushtin.com /resources to learn more about current market values and find even more valuable resources for buying or selling an aircraft!

  Top Comments:
  1. @juanbrito3920 [6 likes]: It would have been good to mention range with 4, 6, and 8 passengers.  The King Air is a “full fuel full seats” airplane.
  2. @rnordquest [3 likes]: You talk about all the costs to fly 100k miles and leave it to us to calculate the final number. What is the overall cost per mile? Please add that to all your comparisons.
  3. @bingbang3318 [3 likes]: Phenom 300e
  4. @3204clivesinclair [2 likes]: Are you really losing time in the air if you went for the KS350? Time could be spent, working in the air, extra time without disturbances?  I still go with a PC24
  5. @reaality3860 [2 likes]: I want an aircraft to be operational for less than $600. per hour, fly at 40k ft. and at 400+knots,  with a range of 2k miles, and operate from a 4k ft. runway.  Got any of those?
  6. @AvBuyer: Need engine maintenance cover for your Rolls-Royce powered aircraft? Click here now - https://bit.ly/3j4uKwA
  7. @BlackHawk-yl5gu: Should compare to a Blackhawk 350
  8. @tariqsyed445: Interesting comparison !
  9. @pgreenx: Don’t forget about short run Waze and the king air accessibility
  10. @davidescobar5366: Gues it all depends on whether you need to fly regional or national or even international for your businesses needs.
I mean why buy a jet with a greater range, fuel consumption and even higher maintenance costs if you intend to keep your travels under say a 600 mile radius?
The turboprop should still perform it's job well under these conditions such as taking you there fairly prompt and without the extra hassles of needing larger runways bieng able to land in smaller local landing fields with perhaps the use of only a single pilot and an amateur flyer such as yourself.
  11. @IXAviacion: Interesting comparison
  12. @willianaranha7264: I am from Brazil
  13. @umsic86: Specific Fuel Consumption!!!!
  14. @AvBuyer: Which Aircraft would you like to Pilot? OR for the passengers... which aircraft would you like to ride it? Let us know down below.

- Inside the $10M Phenom 300E – Embraer’s Best-Selling Private Jet: Kind: captions Language: en It's fast, sleek, and packed with tech. And it's the bestselling private jet in the world for a reason. This is the $10 million Embraer Phenom 300E. A jet trusted by CEOs, charter companies, and firsttime owners alike. Today, we're stepping inside to see what makes it so popular and why it might be the smartest buy in private aviation. cabin. Step inside the Phenom 300E and the first thing that hits you is space. Lots of it. We're talking about a cabin that stretches 17 ft and 2 in from nose to tail, giving you more room to move around than most New York apartments. The width measures 4T and 11 in across, which means you can actually walk down the aisle without doing that awkward airplane shuffle. And with a height of 4 feet and 11 in, anyone under 6 feet can stand completely upright without ducking. But raw dimensions only tell half the story. What makes this cabin special is how Embraer uses every single inch. The standard configuration seats up to 11 passengers, but the real magic happens in the executive layouts. Picture this. Four captain's chairs that swivel, recline, and track forward and back. All upholstered in hand selected leather that probably costs more than most people's cars. These aren't airline seats with fancy covers. These are pieces of furniture that happen to be bolted into an aircraft. The cabin windows deserve their own spotlight. We're talking about the largest windows in the light jet class. Each one measuring 20 in tall by 14 in wide. That's 50% larger than the competition. which means when you're cruising over the Rocky Mountains or the Manhattan skyline, you're getting a view that makes every passenger feel like they have a window seat. Storage is where the Phenom 300E really flexes. The cabin features 67 cubic feet of interior storage, which translates to enough space for everyone's luggage, plus room for golf clubs, skis, or whatever toys successful people travel with. There's also an external baggage compartment with 84 cubic feet of space, meaning you're not choosing between passengers and cargo. The cabin technology package reads like something out of a science fiction movie. Every seat gets its own LED reading light, power outlets, and USB ports. The cabin management system lets passengers control lighting, temperature, and entertainment from their smartphones. The sound system pumps crystalclear audio through strategically placed speakers, while the cabin pressure system keeps you feeling fresh even on long flights by maintaining a cabin altitude of just 6,000 ft when cruising at 45,000. Cockpit. Slide into the cockpit of the Phenom 300E and you're entering one of the most advanced flight decks in aviation. The Prodigy Touchflight Deck powered by Garmin transforms flying from a technical challenge into an intuitive experience. We're talking about four highresolution touchscreen displays that make controlling this aircraft feel more like operating a luxury car than flying a jet. The primary flight displays measure 12 in diagonally and deliver information with stunning clarity. Every piece of data a pilot needs. Altitude, airspeed, heading, navigation, weather, radar, terrain warnings, bees appears exactly where it should, when it should. The touchscreen interface eliminates the need for hundreds of traditional switches and knobs, replacing them with intuitive menus that respond instantly to pilot commands. But here's where it gets really impressive. The automatic emergency descent system. If cabin pressure drops unexpectedly, this system takes over without pilot input, automatically descending the aircraft to a safe altitude, and navigating to the nearest suitable airport. It's like having a co-pilot that never gets tired, never gets distracted, and never makes mistakes. The synthetic vision technology deserves special mention. This system creates a three-dimensional view of terrain, obstacles, and runways, even in zero visibility conditions. Pilots can literally see through clouds, fog, and darkness using this technology. Combined with enhanced flight vision systems that use infrared sensors, the Phenom 300E can operate safely in weather conditions that would ground other aircraft. Weather radar coverage extends out to 320 nautical miles, giving pilots plenty of advanced warning about storms, turbulence, and other weather hazards. The system automatically scans for threats and highlights dangerous areas in vivid colors, making weather avoidance as simple as steering around the red zones on the display. Stick around until the end to discover the hidden costs that most Phenom 300E owners never see coming. Plus, the secret upgrade that transforms this already impressive jet into something truly extraordinary. Engine and performance. Under the sleek exterior of the Phenom 300E beats the heart of performance. Two Pratt and Whitney Canada PW535E engines. These power plants don't just move the aircraft, they launch it. Each engine produces 3,047 lb of thrust, giving this jet a thrusttoe ratio that puts it in the same league as aircraft costing twice as much. The numbers tell the story of serious performance. Maximum cruise speed hits 526 mph at 45,000 ft, making this one of the fastest jets in its class. But speed without range is just showing off. The Phenom 300E delivers both. With four passengers aboard, this jet can fly 2,018 nautical miles non-stop. That means non-stop flights from New York to Denver, Los Angeles to Chicago or Miami to Boston without breaking a sweat. What really impresses aviation enthusiasts is the service ceiling of 45,000 ft. This isn't just about bragging rights. Flying at this altitude means staying above most weather, reducing turbulence, and shortening flight times by taking advantage of jet streams. Most light jets top out at 41,000 ft, but the Phenom 300E climbs higher, literally rising above the competition. The takeoff and landing performance opens up airports that other jets simply can't access. The Phenom 300E needs just 3,599 ft of runway for takeoff and 2560 ft for landing. This performance unlocks access to over 5,000 airports worldwide, including challenging destinations like Aspen, Colorado, and Teter, New Jersey. Price. Let's talk numbers. The kind that matter when you're writing checks with multiple zeros. The base price of a new Embraer Phenom 300E starts at approximately $10.2 million. But that's just the entry ticket to the club. By the time most buyers finish customizing their aircraft with premium interiors, advanced avionics options, and personalized features, the final price typically lands between 11 and $13 million. But ownership costs extend far beyond the initial purchase price. Annual operating expenses for a Phenom 300E typically run between 1.8 and $2.2 million per year, assuming 250 flight hours annually. This includes fuel, insurance, maintenance, pilot salaries, hanger fees, and regulatory compliance costs. For those not ready to commit to ownership, charter rates for the Phenom 300E typically range from 4,500 to $6,000 per flight hour depending on location, season, and availability. Peak travel times like holidays and major events can push rates even higher, sometimes reaching $7,000 per hour or more. The hidden costs that catch many new owners offguard include positioning flights when the aircraft isn't where you need it, international handling fees that can reach thousands of dollars per trip, and upgrade costs for aging avionic systems. Embraer regularly releases software updates and hardware improvements, and staying current with these advances can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars over the aircraft's lifetime. But for those who can afford the investment, the Phenom 300E delivers an ownership experience that justifies every dollar. This isn't just about getting from point A to point B. It's about arriving refreshed on your schedule with your privacy intact and your productivity maximized. In a world where time is the ultimate currency, the Phenom 300E doesn't just buy you transportation, it buys you back the most precious commodity of all. If you enjoyed this glimpse into the world of ultimate luxury, a like and a subscription would mean the world. And for those who dream of flying in style, click right here to watch our video on the five best midsize private jets. See you in the skies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertc-a7976 [5 likes]: Ridiculous video. Yes the Phenom 300e is an amazing jet but many of your photos weren't even a Phenom. That's just bad editing and misleading. And with a cabin height of 4'11" a 6 foot person cannot stand up without ducking. I've been in this plane many times - and I definitely recommend it. But you don't have to lie to sell it.
  2. @parimal7528 [2 likes]: This happens to be best small jet alongwith good service from Embraer. Maintenance, operational costs are also good for it's segment. Thanks for this video.
  3. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [1 likes]: 1) 🤩 CHECK OUT OUR BRAND NEW SHOP! Go to: https://bit.ly/wol-shop

2) ✈️ Thanks for watching! Share this video with friends, family and groups. This way, you help bring this content to everyone and drop a comment with your thoughts or suggestions. We value your input.  
Thanks! 🙌✨
  4. @phillipjohnson4299 [1 likes]: THATS MY DREAM JET
  5. @FredDePaiva [1 likes]: Made in Brasil
  6. @ShikshaGamingOfficial: Far Better Than Leonardo AW139 Helicopter
  7. @pkpk-mu5cp: Hi can pasinger smoke cigarets in fly?
  8. @lorrdlawal515: When am I buying this toy

- New 2025 Jet Embraer Phenom 300E - The Most Luxurious Aircraft & Best Seller in the World!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The Embraer Phenom 300E is one of the most advanced light business jets on the market. Known for its combination of speed, efficiency, and luxury. Manufactured by Brazilian aerospace company Embraer, the Phenom 300E is an enhanced version of the successful Phenom 300. It features improved avionics, improved performance, and a redesigned cabin for greater passenger comfort. As the bestselling light jet for several years, it remains a popular choice among corporate executives, private owners, and charter companies looking for a high performance aircraft with intercontinental capabilities. In terms of performance, the Phenom 300E stands out with a top speed of 464 knots, Mach 0.80, and a range of of 2010 nautical miles with six passengers. Powered by two Pratt Whitney Canada PW535 E1 engines, the aircraft offers superior fuel efficiency, reducing operating costs while maintaining impressive power. Its maximum cruising altitude is 45,000 ft, allowing it to fly above most commercial air traffic, resulting in a smoother and more efficient flight. Its short takeoff and landing distances also make it ideal for accessing smaller airports, increasing travel flexibility. One of the most compelling features of the Phenom 300E is its advanced avionic suite. The jet is equipped with a Garmin G3000 Prodigy Touch flight deck, which enhances pilot situational awareness with intuitive touchscreen controls, a synthetic vision system, and auto throttle technology. These enhancements reduce pilot workload, making the Phenom 300E one of the safest and most modern light jets available. Additionally, the Phenom 300E is equipped with Embrier's runway overrun awareness and alerting system, Euro AAS, a safety feature unique to the Phenom 300 series. The Phenom 300's cabin is designed for the utmost in comfort and luxury. Embrier has optimized the interior with the Bosanova design package, which offers premium materials, ergonomic seating, and a flat floor cabin for enhanced mobility. The aircraft can accommodate up to 10 passengers in a spacious and quiet environment with advanced climate control and adjustable lighting. The aircraft is also equipped with a sophisticated in-flight entertainment system and high-speed connectivity allowing passengers to stay productive or relaxed during the flight. Overall, the Embraer Phenom 3000E is a market leader in the lightjet category, combining speed, efficiency, and luxury in one package. Its advanced avionics, fuelefficient engines, and elegant cabin make it a favorite among private and corporate travelers. Whether for business travel, leisure travel, or charter operations, the Phenom 300E continues to set the standard for modern light jets, maintaining its position as the leading choice in private aviation. Heat. Heat. N. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @luizrenato8423 [3 likes]: O Phenom 300E é certificado para operação com um único piloto e é o jato leve mais rápido e com maior alcance da sua categoria. Ele possui aviônicos avançados e pode ser operado por um único piloto. Uma comissária de voo da Embraer, Flávia Fraga, conquistou a primeira licença de pilotagem de um Phenom 300E, um marco histórico na aviação.
  2. @jentonna-yq5ps [2 likes]: STRAIGHT UP ⬆
  3. @neyoliveira6534 [2 likes]: Without a doubt, the most beautiful aircraft in the segment.
  4. @Johndl1988 [1 likes]: Can it fly from Canada to Africa  
How many stops for fuel ?

- Private Jets of famous peoples | Price comparison of jets: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I am showing private jets of famous peoples [Music] [Applause] he

  Top Comments:
  1. @CU4P [1 likes]: Nice
  2. @Bupkus68: 0:34 that Verstappen’s Falcon
  3. @SPASHA555: Леди гага никогда не имела 747. И даже если бы имела, цена минимально 300 млн а не 50 :):)
  4. @qudratrabby1968: Bullshit information
  5. @pigdroppings: Most of these planes, if not all, are tax write-offs
Taxpayers that never fly on these planes are the ones that pay for the planes.
  6. @marcelwijnen9037: I have a paper straw too.
  7. @Casper-C5: But make sure you live a very humble life and protect their environment from climate change!
  8. @jackibagbagangemibagak8700: Congressman in the philippines owns that 4 units .
  9. @stopimmigration: Me a red baron 2 Wings with pedals
  10. @Jaxson-f4e: There have zero global 8000 deliveries.
  11. @thiagotecnico: SPAM VIDEO
  12. @anthonyvoskuijl1809: What a bullshit gupta.....
  13. @brandonwhittle6762: Go look in the mirror devil and tell me how much your life is worth
  14. @bradmacoz: it's disgusting they have that much spare money when millions of people don't know where their next meal or logding are coming from... HOW MUCH MONEY IS ENOUGH???????????????????????????????????
  15. @briangiller5253: No matter what the prices are etc, the fact that the majority of these people like to drone on about climate change and how everybody should have a less of a carbon footprint, the hypocrisy....
  16. @darinattard: Toyota Aygo - 12,300 euros.
  17. @tedbates1316: Lady Gaga, 747?   😅
  18. @AnishShinde-v6f: 500M dollars, wtf
  19. @AnishShinde-v6f: No need of talking in the beginning of video, just display text
  20. @danielhawley6817: pure crap. The engine on trump's plane are worth more than the plane.

- Business report: Bombardier stock plunges 36%, Alphabet now worth $1 trillion: Kind: captions Language: en all right I challenge you Mike Appel to try to follow that up with a look at business baby pandas what do you got yeah sure they look cute water little finicky eaters - I understand yeah just all about the bamboo know what does it never work with kids or animals is that the that's for sure the pandas alright let's talk about a company that is in the headlines for all the wrong reasons again this morning Melanie because Bombardier yesterday saw its share price plunged the most in company history down 36% at its worst point it was down about 31% by the close as this multi-year restructuring that Bombardier has been embarking on where it's been selling some commercial aviation divisions and looking to pay down debt well it's got more work to do because the latest sales results were not good they basically gave their expectations on the upcoming earnings and are going to be well shy of estimates when it comes to sales they're blaming their rail division which of course has been front and center for negative headlines when it comes to the delivery of subways or streetcars most recently the New York City Transit Authority said they're sending back three hundred million dollars worth of subways for to Bombardier because the doors don't work properly so it's an ongoing issue more restructuring plan probably going to bail on the a 2028 220 project with Airbus so Bombardier well let's see a bounce today maybe maybe not they'll report their official earnings mid-february we have an exclusive club on Wall Street company three companies now worth one trillion dollars in market cap market value on Google's parent company alphabet hit a trillion dollars in Thursday's trade joining Microsoft and Apple which is still the leader in the most valuable company category at one and a third trillion dollars Google of course has been just going onward and upward for advertising revenue cloud computing you name it all sorts of things that the company is involved in now it was first launched in or went public in 2004 yesterday closed almost $1,500 per share so this rally that has taken these global markets dwelt on record highs certainly driven by the tech sector most recently we saw records across the board for Bay and Wall Street's in the Thursday trade the Dow is up over 260 points the TSX has been up for days in a row this week all for record closing highs and Melanie wouldn't be a big surprise to see more records today coming up because what we're looking at right now is a positive signal on morning markets even though China's economic figures in this morning showed a moderating economy but they're thinking that's just going to lead to more central bank economic stimulus and guess what happens when we talk about that stock markets tend to go on the increase yeah they do all right Mike thank you for your time enjoy your weekend thank you too

  Top Comments:
  1. @zdenekniederle9440 [8 likes]: Another mismanaged  Canadian company supported by taxpayer’s money.
  2. @billys2740 [2 likes]: Wait for it.   1 2 3   Trudeau bailout coming...
  3. @bhargavreddy9952 [2 likes]: Google CEO Microsoft CEO both Indian 
Proud of my heritage 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  4. @Jon-gm2sn [1 likes]: Here comes another handout!
  5. @jafo766: TOO MANY INCOMPETENT NEWCOMER'$ HAVING MEETING'$ ABOUT MEETING'$ @ BUMBUDDYAIRE
  6. @salem916: They should make snow shovels and ice scrapers
  7. @paulleepoy7236: Bombardier makes military jeeps last century
  8. @adamfederer3937: Gonna enjoy watching all the airline and fossil fuel stocks go to ZERO! Have a nice day!

- Bombardier’s Flagship Global 7500 and Best-selling Challenger 350 Business Jets on Display in Europe: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] montreal september 28 2021 globe newswire bombardier is pleased to announce that two of its leading business jets the industry flagship global 7500 aircraft and the super mid-size market leader challenger 350 aircraft are on a tour of several european countries the showcase has begun in germany and will include stops in the netherlands belgium spain and denmark before wrapping up in sweden as interest in business aviation grows in europe and all over the world it's important for customers to see firsthand how the cabins and attention to detail aboard bombardier jets set themselves apart said emanuel bornand regional vice president of sales europe middle east and africa fombadir we're so pleased to create this distinctive experience for the global 7500 aircraft created a new space at the upper end of the business jet spectrum since its entry into service with the 100th aircraft already being manufactured this unparalleled business jet offers four true living areas including a master suite with a full-size bed and bombardier's patented newage seating collection for the ultimate comfort on long flights its industry leading range of 7 700 nautical miles 14 260 kilometers means passengers can fly non-stop from western europe to virtually anywhere on the planet including bali tokyo and honolulu the global 7500 aircraft's steep approach capabilities allow it to access london city and a variety of challenging airfields and to fly the challenger 350 aircraft is the industry's best-selling super mid-size jet for seven years running thanks to its performance reliability and advantageous operating costs not to mention its best-in-class cabin experience and smooth ride this tour will provide an occasion for guests to learn more about the future of this renowned business jet which will soon be evolving into the challenger 3500 aircraft entering service in the second half of 2022 this aircraft will have a brand new interior and a host of innovations and was proudly does bombardier's commitment to sustainability is also on display during this tour as the challenger 350 and global 7500 aircraft are traveling through europe on sustainable aviation fuel saf refined by neste bombadier as a long-time proponent of the widespread adoption and availability of this fuel as an effective tool toward the industry's goal to minimize visits to the aircraft or by appointment and guests are required to follow covet 19 protocols and bombardier as a global leader in aviation creating innovative and game-changing planes our products and services provide world-class experiences that set new standards in passenger comfort energy efficiency reliability and headquartered in montreal canada bombardier is present in more than 12 countries including its production engineering sites and its customer support network the corporation supports a worldwide fleet of more than 4 900 aircraft in service with a wide variety of multinational corporations charter and fractional ownership providers governments and private individ news and information is available at bombadier.com or follow us on twitter at bombadier for more information about our industry-leading business jets visit the bombardier business aircraft bombardier challenger 350 challenger 3500 global global 7500 and newage are registered or unregistered trademarks of bombardier inc or its subsidiary louis solomite four bombadier five five five oh one x twenty five thousand one hundred forty eight louise dot salamida arrow.bombadiered you

- Bombardier Unveils A New Jet For The Luxury Market |Aviation This Week|: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] authorities of British Airways at a press briefing with journalists to intimate them on the return of Acharya to Pakistan this comes after ten years of absence following an Islamist militant truck bomb that killed more than 50 people at the Marriott hotel in Islamabad I'm here to announce to you that it's my pleasure that after more than 10 years British Airways is to return to Pakistan with a new route between Islamabad and London Heathrow flying from June next year BA will be the first Western carrier to begin flying again to Pakistan where a new airport in the capital has helped ease congestion and concerns about air travel security since it's full out in 2008 today's news from British Airways comes as the culmination of a journey over many years and there are different themes to that journey one theme is of course about what's been happening here in Pakistan over the last decade or more and the improvement to the security environment in this country security is said to have improved in the nuclear-armed South Asian nation of 208 million people Pakistani officials have held BS move saying it will offer confidence to other foreign investors and make the country less isolated BA which is owned by Spanish registered IAG easier to begin the London Heathrow Islamabad service on June the 15th with three weekly flights by the airline's newest long-haul aircraft the boeing 787 dreamliner at present only lost making national carrier Pakistan International Airlines flies directly from Pakistan to Britain but its aging fleet of planes is a frequent source of complaints by passengers from resumption of flights to aircrafts premiere as Canada's Bombardier incorporated delivers its first global 7,500 corporate jets showing a full sized bed and optional and sweet char in a challenge to us playmaker Gulfstream at the top of the luxury jets market really fine control over the lighting and the cabin control window shades and also you can control any media that's been consumed touch Sumeet demands by wealthy travelers business jet manufacturers are increasingly filling their cabins with Hotel style features previously seen only in converted commercial aircraft by harnessing lighter weight materials and technology that do not compromise a plane's range the global 7500 with a 73 million dollar less price will compete with Gulfstream g650 which has dominated the top end of the business jet market since its entry into service in 2012 this is a wrap for 2018 thanks for always been there see you in the new year

- How much does it cost to fly private? - Rachel Yang: Kind: captions Language: en Across 2023 and 2024, one internationally renowned musician flew their private jet 396 times in 365 days. And one of those trips was just six minutes long. Figures like this aren’t uncommon among the world’s richest jet-setters— in fact, this frequent flyer probably isn’t even the celebrity you’re thinking of. So what's the price tag for this high flying lifestyle? The majority of private flying happens in the US, where even a relatively short trip is incredibly expensive. If you want to fly private, you have two options: buying a jet or renting one. Jet rentals can run from roughly $7,500 an hour for domestic flights to roughly $17,000 an hour for international ones. For context, that’s over $40,000 to fly from LA to New York, and over $120,000 to fly from New York to London. And that's before paying an additional several thousand dollars for the crew, the fuel, landing fees for the airport, and federal taxes. That said, these rental costs are still much cheaper than actually buying a plane. Depending on their size, new jets run anywhere from $2 to $65 million. Then, in addition to the usual operational costs for each flight, jet owners still have to pay for a hangar to park in and up to $1 million a year for routine inspections and maintenance. This is already absurdly expensive. But private flying also has a major environmental cost. While both private and commercial planes emit a lot of CO2, commercial planes do so to move a lot of people. For example, in 2022, commercial airplanes emitted roughly 800 megatons of CO2 moving about 853 million passengers. That’s a little less than one ton of CO2 per person per flight. On average, most people emit four tons of CO2 a year— so taking two round trip flights would double their emissions. This math already isn’t great, but private jets make it so much worse. With only a handful of people onboard, private flights emit 10 to 20 times more emissions per passenger on average. And since their passengers tend to be frequent flyers, their individual emissions are astronomical. In 2023 alone, the top ten US private fliers produced more combined emissions than 6,500 people. And for the past few years, roughly 1% of fliers have been responsible for almost half of aviation emissions. This discrepancy is huge, and it will likely continue growing as the private aviation industry expands. However, while we probably can’t convince celebrities and CEOs to fly commercial, one promising approach for reducing plane emissions is swapping existing jet fuel for Sustainable Aviation Fuels, or SAF. Traditional jet fuel is made from fossil fuels and releases carbon into the atmosphere when burned. SAFs, on the other hand, are made from waste materials like used cooking oil, and renewable crops like corn and algae. These biomaterials still emit carbon when burned, but growing these crops pulls enough CO2 out of the atmosphere to offset those emissions by up to 86%. If the entire jet fuel pipeline shifted to SAFs, it could reduce aviation emissions by up to 94%. But for this to happen, SAF producers need to overcome two obstacles. First, there aren't enough crops to produce biofuels on a large scale. Researchers are developing synthetic SAFs that don’t require crops, but they’re still being rolled out. Second, current SAF production is relatively small scale, which makes it extremely expensive. At three times the cost of normal fuel, most airlines won’t even consider making the switch, and if they did it would cause airfare to skyrocket. Governments in Singapore, Japan, and most notably the EU have already started programs to support widespread SAF adoption and fund their development. But this is where private fliers could actually help the environment. Most jet owners already spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a year on private flights, and it would only cost them a few thousand more per flight to use synthetic SAFs. This boom in usage would fund both SAF development and large-scale production. And those advances would make sustainable fuel cheaper for everyone— both the people flying private and those privately wishing they were.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-u6q8r: Bla bla bla, blame the rich!
  2. @wilsonmiranda4466: Climate change is nothing but a deep state 'rats' hoax. They make it sound like CO2 is the biggest problem, it's not. Blatant lies & brainwashing are. FYI CO2 in the atmosphere with less than 0.04 %  would cause plant life to die. While these rats tell you carbon emmissions contribute to climate hoax, they have no qualms about flying all over the world, esp to Davos regularly, on their jet sets while they tell you driving your car from A > B is destroying the atmosphere. "It's all a Rich Man's Trick, just like Wars". Let this sink in!
  3. @coconut8bubblegum: I hate they don’t want to be sued to miss swift
  4. @coconut8bubblegum: It’s Taylor swift !!?
  5. @KnakuanaRka: 0:39 Aw, cute kitty. ^w^
  6. @f1freak228: It's funny how they act like they care about the environment but really don't give a f , flying causes a lot of pollution , an ice car is nothing compared to it
  7. @yowlolstfu6759: Should change the videos title to “How much CO2 private jets emit” lol
  8. @baeyuh: How selfish of them
  9. @StuvanJain: Whoever put that quote there enjoyed it tons
  10. @cathibeban5696: Switching to SAF fuels could also harm the environment, as the increased demand for bio-materials may encourage large-scale cultivation of uniform crops. Going green is not always a simple or complete solution.
  11. @SuccessMindset2180: Sustainability?
  12. @jglstx: 🤑
  13. @jamesclarke1754: This is great stuff I love the world I was born into at the bottom of the pyramid.
  14. @nawwk79: Just force all private jets to use SAF only.
But no, governments don’t dare to mess with the ultra rich. 🙄
  15. @leaf4267: The background music is so annoying.
  16. @CRAFT7445: Misleading title
It started out as what the title suggests; "What is the cost of flying a private jet?" But then quickly transitioned into a documentary on the evils of private jets. 
I bet 99% of the people watching this video don't actually think about why private jets are used so much.
  17. @tippecanoe: 2:57 I feel as if this point is unintentionally misleading. From what I've gathered, 1% of people being responsible for 50% of aviation emissions almost certainly includes people who fly commercial. However since this is not made clear, one could interpret this as 1% of people (who fly on private jets) are responsible for 50% of aviation emissions. Which I think is an important distinction, especially since a fact that is not mentioned in this video, but is very important to understand if you care about climate change is as follows: General Aviation, which is any aircraft that is not commercial, cargo, or military, are responsible for only 4% of aviation emissions. This is a fact that I believe is frequently overlooked thanks to the sheer inequality of Commercial vs. Private Aviation. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION TO THIS MATTER -DJT
  18. @justanobody4983: Then there are celebrities that talks about environmental awareness. Then always fly private. Lol. Hypocrites
  19. @exportintlexp6873: #TXTM
  20. @JustTheTips.: Imagine taking a private jet to speak at a climate change convention

- The Economics of Flying Private: How NetJets Became the Uber of Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en What does it actually cost to fly private? And why are more people doing it than ever before? Private aviation is a multibillion dollar business. And companies like NetJets are changing how the ultra wealthy move. Even in the smallest aircraft type in our program, you're talking today about an initial capital investment of more than $800,000 to buy a piece of an airplane. We have something like 40% of the Fortune 500 that are are NetJets customers. And as major commercial airlines are trying to win back premium customers, can commercial aviation companies successfully keep them? [Music] NetJets doesn't sell private jets. It sells fractions of jets. Customers buy a share as little as 116th of a specific aircraft model. That idea splitting jet ownership like a time share unlocked a new market. Today we operate nearly,00 aircraft which if you were comparing us to a commercial airline would make us the second or third largest on the planet. Unlike charter services, it owns and controls its fleet allowing tighter control over quality scheduling and safety. The average NetJets customer flies with us for about 75 to 100 hours per year. Our typical customer will be somebody who is a principal of a privately held company. We have something like 40% of the Fortune 500 that are our NetJets customers. Flying with NetJets doesn't come cheap. A fractional ownership share on a light jet like the Phenom 300 starts at around $850,000 upfront, plus about $325,000 per year in operating costs for 50 flight hours. For those who want a more affordable and flexible option, the NetJets card starts at $215,000 for 25 hours annually. That $215,000 jet card, that's the cost of four down payments on the average American home. Within the shared ownership model, we really have three cost components for the customer. You have the initial capital investment, which is a onetime investment where somebody's buying a piece of the airplane and then they pay a monthly management fee. If you owned your own airplane, you'd have pilot salaries, you need to have mechanic salaries, and you'd have hanger rent. So in our model, you're sharing that across the other members of the program. And then every time you fly, we bill you the variable hourly costs associated with flying that trip from A to B, which covers things like the fuel expense of the aircraft, the ground charges and the handling fees and the things that that would go into operating an airplane from A to B. That business model caught the attention of Warren Buffett. And in 1998, Berkshire Hathaway bought NetJets and has held on to it since. You see in the luxury travel segment overall, people are making more of an investment in experiences than in things. That certainly has been a tailwind for us. You know, if I'm being honest, the commercial experience has not gotten any better over the last several years, and that has driven more people to want to fly netjets. During the pandemic, demand for private air travel soared as people feared crowded airports and packed planes. In the US, business aviation traffic in 2021 hit record highs, surpassing the 2019 levels, and in 2021 saw over 3.3 million private jets worldwide, a 7% increase over preandemic levels. Only about 10% of the people who met the financial, you know, norms or averages of private aviation were actually flying privately. and CO certainly unlocked some portion of that addressable market. And then the big question was would they go back to the airlines when the pandemic subsided and you know masks came off and vaccines went in arms. After the initial co boom many private airline companies saw slumps in profits but in Q1 of 2025 Berkshire Hathaway reported a profit bump in its service division which it contributed to its aviation services. For NetJets, we're operating at 40 45% larger than we were in 2019. So, we've maintained record retention rates. Major commercial airlines are trying to claw back premium travelers by rolling out redesigned business class cabins, faster boarding, and high-end lounges. But for some flyers, the best perks aren't enough. Anonymity is key to our business. One of the appeals of flying netjets versus owning your own airplane is that you're virtually untraceable. Whether you have concerns about appearances or whether you have concerns about safety, netjets can provide that in a way that that you can't get owning your own airplane. As the demand for private flights increases, so does the visibility of their impact. Each trip emits many times more carbon emissions per passenger than a commercial trip, and that's drawn growing scrutiny, especially as more celebrities and CEOs are called out for frequent short hall trips. When Taylor Swift's private jet usage was tracked online in 2023, it sparked a wave of backlash and highlighted the growing divide between convenience and climate responsibility. Now with the business booming, even the industry's biggest players are under pressure to address the carbon footprint. Sustainability is at the forefront for our industry right now. And the way that we're addressing it at NetIts is we are the largest buyer of sustainable aviation fuel in the industry. We offer carbon offset programs for our customers. We offset all of our own internal company flying. So anything that we do for maintenance flights or training flights or anything like that, we we buy the carbon credits to offset. As commercial travel faces continued pressure from rising costs to growing delays, demand for more efficient discrete options isn't likely to vanish. Private aviation remains a niche but profitable business fueled by clients who value control more than cost.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nissan400z_abc [9 likes]: Well i was about to charter the Bombardier Global 7500 but now that i heard about how it's hurting our environment a lot, i decided to fly frontier economy class.
  2. @Saa42808 [9 likes]: One thing is sure if I have money I would never use a commercial airliner. Yup.
  3. @AndreaHerrick-e5j [2 likes]: Bailing due to the vocal fry…
  4. @buddyM-c4n [2 likes]: The vocal fry is HIDEOUS! Unwatchable....or rather...unlistenable.
  5. @joeyjamison5772 [1 likes]: Remember...If you have to ask, you can't afford it.
  6. @projectdesign4675 [1 likes]: $800k (upfront) + $6,500 an hr is bad money (from the west coast) is $100 k round trip to Europe........so your net worth would have to exceed $100 million (minimum) for you "not to feel it"!
      The jet owner company have priced their selves very safely, very!
 Buy your own jet and you can live like Raymond Reddington!
  7. @Scrotie899 [1 likes]: I'd like to hear about this but that vocal fry is unlistenable.
  8. @JanRoman119: No info about real costs. Do I have to share the flights? Do I have to book well in advance ? No examples.
  9. @tstcikhthys: What "impact"? Jets don't have a crash force on the environment; they have a footprint or effect on the environment. Where are people learning this nonsensical jargon from?
  10. @Jensen-C: 2:56 Jesus so they have close to 0 operational costs, and the people who “own” the jets don’t own jack shit.  That’s an insanely smart business model
  11. @1583217: Is Miley Cyrus narrating this video?
  12. @roland-yepp: if you own 1/16 of a flight, how does it work when some of the other 15 want to fly the same time as you?
  13. @chuckpringle4860: Climate change is a joke. Tell the plants that count on carbon to live they needs to die to save the planet....
  14. @777driver1: These are the same folks selling global warming 🤣🤣🤣
  15. @coopandcarter: My wife and several of her friends take a private flight once a year. You would have to be very, very well heeled to do it on a regular basis. The plane my wife flies on is a smaller jet, I can't imagine the cost of a large plane.  The ability to drive up to the plane, board your luggage and off you go is really a nice experience.. I cringe everytime she books the flight, but it's the only time she ever splurges. Most people flying are probably on the OPM plan.
  16. @jwilson3985: What a joke. Steep buying carbon credits and reduce customer costs accordingly. Haven’t we proven that climate change is the biggest hoax in history??
  17. @torley: Who is the female narrator? Enjoyed her voice!
  18. @MikeFooteKC: Think how much cheaper it would be if they weren't pandering to the Eco-commies and their carbon credit nonsense!
  19. @nickstoica: Here’s my take on this fractional bullshit…if you can’t afford either that means you actually don’t need it…whoever flies less than 200 hours per year doesn’t need to own, who flies less than 100 doesn’t need fraction anything…it’s a ripoff only companies can afford because it’s a deductible business „expense“!
  20. @topofthegreen: $10,000 an hour is not cheap.

- Private Jet Charters: How to Book and Fly: Kind: captions Language: en chartering a private jet has become a trendy way to travel offering a luxurious and exclusive experience it's often viewed as a status symbol and a symbol of a lavish lifestyle however it can be costly making it unattainable for many currently the charter flight industry is experiencing a Resurgence becoming more popular than ever before however it's important to note that not all private jets are equal and the cheapest option may not always be the best choice when it comes to Aviation safety and comfort want to know the easiest and most efficient way to book a private jet charter will provide you with all the information you need to book and fly on private jet charter we'll also provide some tips and best practices for making your flight AS enjoyable and stress-free as possible so in today's video we will look at a step-by-step guide to booking and traveling on a private jet charter before we get on to that please consider liking and subscribing to our Channel it helps us a lot with the YouTube algorithm and lets us know that we are helping to enrich Lots out there if you are into Aviation have a look at our new Aviation compilation Channel Aviation Central it is the first link in the description we would highly appreciate it so without a further Ado let's begin the video step one selecting the private jet charter firm booking a private jet for the first time can seem daunting but it is actually a straightforward process as long as you ask the right questions the first step is to find a reputable private jet Company by searching online or at a local airport once you have found a company that meets your needs you can request a flight quote there are two types of private jet companies operators and brokerages operators are companies that physically maintain and fly the aircraft while brokerages are intermediaries between customers operators when booking a flight operators will typically quote their own aircraft if the flight is out of an airport where they have planes based if their aircraft is unavailable or the flight is outside their normal coverage Zone operators will call other operators to check availability and book off Fleet options for their clients on the other hand Brokers rely solely on outside operators to provide the aircraft and often do not have a direct connection to the aircraft they are working with the choice between an operator and a broker comes down to personal preference some customers prefer to cut out the middlemen by going straight to the operator While others do not mind going through a broker an operator can also act as a broker for a client if they do not have a plane available for a requested mission well for frequent Travelers there are options to make the booking process more efficient for paying for flights by purchasing a jet card opting into a membership-based program or purchasing fractional ownership of an aircraft can be beneficial in the long run for occasional Flyers an on-demand Charter allows all the perks of flying private without a long-term investment it's also an excellent option for those who want to experience private jet travel without a long-term investment commitment the bottom line is it by understanding the options asking the right questions and carefully considering your needs the process of booking a private jet can be simple and stress-free step two determine the ideal aircraft when calling a private jet charter operator or brokerage it's essential to be prepared with key information in order to ensure a smooth and efficient booking process the charter representative will typically ask several important questions including your destination departure and return dates the number of passengers preferred aircraft size luggage requirements and budget these questions will help to determine the best aircraft option for your specific needs the number of passengers can play a significant role in determining the minimum size of the aircraft required for example a group of nine people will likely require a super mid-size aircraft while a group of only two people can comfortably fit into a turboprop or light jet Additionally the amount in size of luggage can also impact the size of the aircraft needed as certain oversized items like golf clubs skis and large suitcases may not fit in every private jet overall it's important to have an understanding of your specific needs and preferences including passenger count luggage requirements and budget in order to ensure that you select the right private jet charter firm and aircraft for your trip clear communication with the charter representative will make the process easy and ensure a comfortable luxurious flight step 3 evaluate the safety standards when booking a private jet charter you must ensure that you fly with a safe aircraft and crew not all operators have the same safety standards so it's crucial to ask about the safety ratings of the aircraft crew and operator safety ratings in private Aviation are determined by two major companies Argus and wyvern these ratings indicate that a safety audit has been performed and that the flight Crews meet certain safety thresholds to ensure a high level of safety clients should request a crew of two pilots who meet either Argus or wyvern safety standards step 4 booking and paying for the charter once clients have provided all the necessary information for their desired trip including any specific safety ratings the charter representative will present them with various aircraft options these options typically include information about the aircraft type available amenities and the final cost once the client has selected their preferred aircraft they will be sent a contract to review and sign which outlines the terms and conditions of the flight as well as any cancellation or change policies in place the contract can typically be signed electronically using software like DocuSign once it is signed the flight is considered locked in payment for the flight is typically required before the day of departure and can be made in various ways the most common method is a wire transfer but some companies may also accept payments via credit card or check depending on the preferences in addition to the flight cost any optional extras that the client has requested such as catering or ground transportation will be added to the final bill these extras are usually built separately from the flight itself so the client can clearly see the cost breakdown of their trip step 5 procedural check once the trip is booked and an aircraft is assigned the charter sales representative or broker will provide the client with a detailed itinerary also known as a trip sheet this itinerary will contain three important pieces of information the tail number of the aircraft the departure facility and the departure time well the tail number is a unique identification code assigned to the aircraft which is used to ensure that the charter group is boarding the correct plane unlike commercial airlines private charter flights do not have flight numbers so the tail number is the primary identification method the departure facility will typically be a private terminal located at an airport also known as a fixed Base operator FBO these facilities are usually smaller than commercial Terminals and offer amenities such as lounges chairs bathrooms and in some cases additional services like a popcorn machine or golf simulator one of the benefits of departing from an FBO is that passengers can drive right up to the aircraft and at many airports they can even have their car valid if they arrive early they usually have free parking and a short walk from the parking lot to the plane once inside the passengers will present their tail number to the front desk representative who will connect them with their pilots or flight crew a line service technician will take care of their baggage and transport them directly to the plane after a quick identification check and pre-flight briefing the passengers will board the plane and the trip can begin step 6 in-flight amenities The Experience on board a chartered flight will vary depending on several factors such as the type of air crowd any additional services that have been pre-ordered and whether a cabin attendant is present most aircraft will provide a basic selection of snacks and drinks including non-alcoholic and alcoholic options if a passenger has pre-ordered catering the food will be set up in the aircraft's galley for them to enjoy during the flight if a cabin attendant is on board they will personally serve food and drinks to passengers the level of in-flight entertainment will also depend on the type of aircraft larger aircraft usually have more advanced entertainment systems such as DVD players audio systems and sometimes even Wi-Fi however it's advisable to confirm the availability of such amenities before departure with the charter representative step 7 post flight formalities when arriving at the destination many private charter flights will offer the convenience of having transportation arranged and waiting for the passengers at the arrival FBO plain side some passengers prefer to use ride hailing services like Uber or other Private Car Services it's important to note that keeping the aircraft clean during and after the flight is the passenger's responsibility if the aircraft requires professional cleaning after a flight the passenger may be charged for it if the same aircraft is being used for the return flight the flight crew may offer to provide the passengers with their personal contact information such as a phone number so that they can be reached directly in case of any changes to the flight schedule While most changes will still need to be made through the charter representative having the Pilot's phone number can help coordinate any last minute changes or updates so this concludes all the necessary information to understand the process of chartering a private jet and this brings us to the end of our video click the links to check out some of our other videos moreover don't forget to like share and subscribe for more content like this we have many great videos coming up see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @LMays-cu2hp [4 likes]: Thank you for sharing.😊😊
  2. @TheMightyKinkle [3 likes]: 7:10 Popcorn machine and Golf Simulator? Good grief 😅
  3. @johnchristopher20 [1 likes]: Too bad AI can’t spell.
  4. @honeymayfair-rt9tc [1 likes]: 👍👍👍🤦‍♀️🤝🤝🛩️🛩️🛩️🛩️love it !!! Great advice !! Thanks a lot !!!
  5. @petergreen5337 [1 likes]: ❤Thank you
  6. @joshbarrera8554 [1 likes]: 1
  7. @JetStream-: 📬 The JetStream Briefing — our free weekly newsletter on private aviation.
Each week, we break down one aircraft in detail — costs, ownership, and insights from the hangar.

Join here → https://jetstream.global/

No spam. No fluff. Just clear, data-driven aviation talk.
  8. @untoldfortunes2: I can now book my jet
  9. @sultanaldfere2365: 🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤❤
  10. @douglasdennett4583: This veiwer loves the idea of flying private to the next Ms. Angelina Jordan's Jazz & Pop Music Concert...  DD.
  11. @MONSTER-bk9fs: ಕನ್ನಡ
  12. @Trainsporter-Robin: Hey
  13. @damjanr9497: 🥲👏👍    💜💜💜

- Private Jet Etiquette Tips for First-Time Luxury Flyers: Kind: captions Language: en This is uh uh this is uh the tips of the week. Uh and we're going to give you some tips on private jet etiquette for first-time luxury flyers. Okay. Since we have flown several times in private jets, we know exactly what to do. >> So, babe, you want to start us off? >> No, no, no. I want you to start us off. >> Okay, great. So, tip number one. >> Yeah. >> Master the arrival ritual. What does that mean, you ask? Well, unlike commercial airports, private aiation operates through FBOS's, which is fixedbased operators. >> I don't have that information. >> What are you talking about? >> Oh, I do. >> Yes, you do. Yes, you do. And it's it's even magnified. >> So, uh such as Signature Aviation, Atlantic Aviation, and or Jet Aviation, these private terminals are designed to eliminate airport congestion and security bottlenecks. So, it's a little, you know, easier to get through. The entire boarding process only takes about five minutes. Five, which is why timing is the etiquette is completely important. So, what we recommend is don't arrive too uh uh don't don't arrive too early, like 30 minutes before. That could disrupt crew scheduling and aircraft preparation. Arriving late delays the entire flight, obviously. Uh so, your driver should usually pull onto the tarmac near the aircraft stairs depending on the airport. So arrive 10 to 15 minutes before departure. Check in quickly with the FBO front desk and ground staff will load your luggage directly into the aircraft. >> Huh. That's the way to travel people. >> 15 minutes. >> Yeah. 15 minutes before. Just go. >> You would get there way earlier. >> I would disrupt the crew member. I would be there 45 minutes. I'll be so excited. >> Uh where where's the caviar champagne? I'll be >> I'll be I'll be that guy. Hence why I haven't been in a private. Chad, >> you want to do the the the I kind of like this. So, this is understanding boarding hierarchy, meaning um the rules of who goes onto the uh jet and or even if you're going on a on a on a yacht, the rules of who gets there first. So, I like this. So, it says that typically the host will be boarding first. The host chooses their preferred seating, signals when others should board, >> like this or like >> and on other jets. Seating may include club seating areas, conference tables, divians or couches. And the front uh facing club seats are usually the most prestigious uh positions. And I like that. I think too like if they're getting there early, they want to set up also too where everyone's going to sit. I think they're the host. It's their uh >> jet and or yacht. And so uh they worked very hard to get there. >> Do you think the guy with a $500 million jet has a throne >> in there? because like I mean he has a concert hall >> so that's that's insane. >> So I like that. I like that. >> Yeah, I like that too. All right, so tip number three, treat the cabin like a private living room. Okay, what does that mean? Just to give you some context. Much smaller than commercial cabins, meaning sound uh movements are a lot more noticeable. Cabin uh acoustics amplify conversation, making etiquette around noise important. So tip is keep levels moderate, use headphones for media and respect privacy and or business conversations. >> But I feel like that should be in like everywhere you go just >> because like even circus Olay like even circus Olay uh insurance >> we just came from one and you know they were talking about radiation behind us >> and somebody was on TikTok behind us really loud. >> Yeah, that was that was amazing. I love this generation. >> It was an adult. I just want to put that. >> Yeah, this generation of adult And tip number four, communicating with the flight crew. >> Always look down. Never look into their eyes. >> They're No, that's this is the flight crew. The people that are taking flight and and the like the >> you know, the flight attendants. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. >> So, it's the flight crew. It's responsible for both safety and service. So, you know, etiquette really does matter to them. And unlike commercial flights, private private aviation's crews um provide highly personalized service, right? So it's more smaller uh you know flight and less people to be attended to. So there is more personable you know interaction. >> So you're able to adjust cabin pressure uh catering adjustments, light changes um and they should all be directed through the flight attendant or the lead pilot. And this um obviously do not enter the cockpit >> and don't do that. during takeoff and landing to just let them do what they need to do so that everyone is um safe and all of this should be clear, concise and directly to your flight crew. >> Yeah. Don't distract them too much. >> Um all right. So, understanding private jet catering culture. This is to this to me is very important. Catering on private jets are fully customizable unlike airline meals. Obviously, guests can often request food from local restaurants uh near departure airport. Um, popular catering requests include Michelin star restaurants, specialty wines and champagne, dietary specific menus. However, requests must be made several hours before departure. So, you just can't show up there and then ask for something. You do need to give several hours before uh ask for >> you know who I am. >> Yeah. No. Um, but but again, the $500 million guy probably has a kitchen in there. >> It probably doesn't need to go anywhere like to send anybody. He has it. cement your your catering preferences ahead of time. Don't wait last minute and uh be mindful of food smells. So like no fish basically. >> Okay. Rules about guest and pets. So obviously these are smaller aircraft. So weight is a big big issue. So you need to be precise with passengers. Um and if people are going to be joining you need to let them know because of fuel planning and all of the safety uh regulations. Uh bringing unexpected guests can create some serious logistic problems. I don't even think it's logistical problems. What about like um security? >> Yeah, that's >> you can't just take somebody on the flight. >> That's part of logistics. I guess >> I know. I think logistics. I think more of like the weight and this and like more scientific like you know like not just um you know >> a lot more scientific. >> Yes. And then pets are allowed, which ours is back here. >> Um, on many private jets, but must be declared in advance. Larger dogs require specific cabin placement due to weight distribution. Um, and same thing, just let everyone know ahead of time, you know, respect aircraft capacity limitations. >> Yeah. Yeah. Do that. I don't Which dog do you think would enjoy the private jet more, Kingston or Bronx? >> Probably Bronx. >> I think Bronx would. Yeah, Kingston would be a nervous wreck, right? Oh my god. >> Bronx would be like, "Is there Parmesan cheese?" >> I think I would take the cats. >> The heck is thirsty? >> All right, last tip for you people that are watching this and going on private jets. The art of a smooth exit. So, the final moments of the flight could be efficient and respectful of the crew schedule. Unlike commercial flights, there's no baggage carousel. Obviously, ground transportation usually meets passengers directly on the tarmac and or at the FBO entrance. Leaving quickly helps crew prepare for the aircraft's next flight. So, c gather belongings before landing. Exit promptly once aircraft or doors open and thank the crew for their flight. So, just so you know that the global private jet fleet is estimated at over 23,000 aircrafts in the United States uh uh pretty much operating half of those. So about 12,000 private jets um coming out of uh United States. That's pretty crazy. That's pretty crazy. So now you know, babe, when we get invited to a luxury jet for one of your clients, now we know how to how to do it, >> how to behave. >> I to be honest, it's very it's very self-evident. You know, just show up. Don't be an >> Yes. Uh but I'm I'm not that I mean I'm not surprised by people's actions. So for me I think maybe you just re need to reitenerate it. All right. Segment four is the best of

- Cheapest vs Most Expensive Private Jet: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, this is a private jet worth 100 crores, which is used by the richest people in the world. And today, I am going to travel in this private jet worth 100 crores and see what all we get. But before that, I am going to travel in a cheap private jet. For a private jet, you have to come to a private airport. You don't go to a normal airport where there is a crowd. As soon as you take your boarding pass, you directly enter the VIP lounge, not the airport. Modi ji comes here a lot, that's why he has a book named after him. People like me come here sometimes. Mayank Kaushik. Who? Are you here to clean the tires of the plane? I am sitting in a private jet. I won't do all this. You will stand, I will sit. Tell me one thing. When I went to the economy, you were not there. When I went to the premium You came to business too. And now when I am traveling in a private jet, you have come. Because I have security concerns, I cannot travel below the business class. There are protocols. Say a few good things about me. I am taking you in a private jet. Who are you to take me? Who is taking you then? Everything is done by God. Rich people fly in a private jet so that they don't have to wait. But a poor person like you came and made me sit in a private jet 4 hours ago. That's why I don't come with you. See how much entertainment is kept here. Come, play, jump. Done, I won. Finally, we are going in a private jet. Guys, when you are welcomed in a private jet. First of all, a red carpet is sent for you. You are not going inside like this. You will go up from the red carpet. I cannot stand like this. In a private jet, in a cheap private jet, we don't have to ask anything. There is no bathroom, no toilet, nothing. Even if there is a bathroom, you will have to sit for 1-1.5 hours. Tell me what you got. We got a bottle of water. We got 4 bottles of water. We drank one and threw it away. This is the second one. Look at this. We got this. I have eaten stale tomatoes for the first time. In this private jet, I think only those people will fly. Who are newly rich. I mean, rich people like to do it, but they don't have money in their pockets. Like us. Don't open it by mistake. There is a curtain here to hide things. I mean, what is this? Guys, even in the cheapest private jet, a person goes with a hope. Leave the private jet. Even in economy, there is an air hostess. She gives you water. Then she gives you food. Then she asks you if you want anything. Then she asks you for tea or coffee. There is no one here. Two people are sitting in the front. They are telling you to eat quickly. They will reach your location in half an hour. Guys, there is only one advantage of this private jet. You can see the pilots. You hit them on the knees and say, drop us down! Guys, I thought this is a cheap private jet- I thought things will be normal here. I am not able to breathe. I am suffocating. It's so hot. The air conditioner is not working. The cameraman is sweating. Look at his face. He is sweating. The paint of the private jet is coming off. Look at the paint on the wall. You pose like Shahrukh Khan in this private jet. This plane is so small. You can't even spread your arms like Shahrukh Khan. I was thinking that I should propose you like Shahrukh Khan in this private jet. But that dream was a dream. It's good that you didn't do it. It's good. If there is a private jet like this. I will get a jet spray from my house. And I will also get a train. I don't want a private jet in my house. As soon as this video is uploaded. The owner of this private jet will see this video. He will say something. Video delete. I want a video delete. Before 15th November, Friends. This is our arrival location. Our plane is standing in front of us. There is no city far away. There is no village far away. And we are sitting here in real life. We have picked up the city lady from Delhi city. And thrown her in a village where there is nothing far away. There is just an airport When we were landing, we could see half the village. I think the plane also lands here once in 6 7 months. Here guys. Besides that. They are selling pyjamas in the airport. You can buy pyjamas here. Isn't it? And guys. Now we are going to our 100 crore private jet. Good afternoon. Thank you. As soon as you come to this private airport. You are given water. Tea and coffee is asked. Will you take tea or coffee? And you are made to feel that you are going to a private jet. Security check-in is done. Guys. We have come to the airport. We have just had water. And after that. Drank water. And now we are going to sit directly in the plane. Means when you travel in a private jet, you don't need to wait! We also do this. As soon as we get ready. We used to be ready. We used to sit in the village. There is no security check-in. You sit straight. And sit on the field. Brother. Let's go. We had to walk four steps. Four steps. For that too. BMW has come. Now I am going to travel in my most luxury plane seat. Thank you so much. We have got flowers guys. We are welcomed with flowers. My name is Aarti. I will be taking care of you for the flight. Let me know if you need anything. Welcome on board ACS. And there is a small cake for you. Actually it's a big one. Welcome on board Miss Nishu. Look at the feel. It's coming. It's a vibe! That's a different thing. That I am flying because of ACS. It's the grace of ACS. This. ACS. Our most luxurious plane seat. Is really luxurious guys. No doubt. Everything is premium here. Everything is premium. Except this. What are you doing? Take this. You are also welcome. Friend. Take off is done guys. Our private jet is in the sky. When I travel in other planes. They ask me to close the tray. Don't eat anything. This doesn't happen in private jets. I am drinking juice. Look. Is the seat comfortable? Yes. Is everything fine? Any problem? Play a song. When you come in a private jet. The seat is.. There is no seat here. No. Not seat. They have put sofas. This is not a seat. Proper. Yes ma'am. I was asking if he wants to eat something. I can give him separately also. Don't ask him anything. He will get his ration filled. Do you want to eat something? I am happy. You are happy. He is happy sitting here. What a lovely staff. Isn't she lovely? She is good. Is she good? Let's talk about marriage. This man will make me thrown from the sky. From the sky. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. They have put 10 sofas in a private jet. And there are only 3 people. You can lie down wherever you want. You can sit there. There is no problem. No one is going to say anything. Great. You can sit here. You can sit there. From here to there. That's enough. Listen. We got it. There is a seat fit arrangement here. This sofa is so comfortable. If you want to sit here. If you want to sit like this. And this. This rotates all around. You get this seat in a private jet. I will show you how. This is how. This aircraft is so luxurious. That if you're doing a longer flight, you can make the seats like a bed, single beds. Okay! I'll show you how it becomes. Guys, our plane's sofas are now going to become a bed. They were comfortable before as well, but now that we're getting a bed, then... So, for longer flights, we put the mattress here, we give you the blanket. You can just be comfortable as much as you can. This feels like they are taking care of us like a kid, whoever's flying here. Good night, guys. We're going to sleep. It's comfortable. And look at this. As soon as you come, they give you this. What's this? It's a TV. It's a TV, guys. They give you a premium small TV. You must sit and watch with privacy. The remote is bigger than the TV guys. They must have kept the food for me, right? It's not food. They don't have food in private jets. They have cuisines. Cousins are at my house. Don't do this, lala! Why? Don't do that. Cousins. C-U-S-I-N-E. CUSINE! Okay, it was wrong...? They have kept so much food for us. And it's not like we get a little food here. We get a lot of food here. Sometimes we get almonds. Sometimes we get patties. Sometimes we get juice. Sometimes we get upma. Sometimes we get poha. Sandwich, chocolate, cake, juice, me, fruits, Mayank, camera. Everything is coming to us. Guys, this is the lavatory area of this plane. It's a washroom. If you want to check the outfit, they give you a big mirror. Guys, our plane is premium. But the washroom is also premium. It's so good. You will get it. There is a hand soap. They also keep body lotion with it. Oh, they have made a luggage area inside the washroom. They have kept bags here. They have kept water bottles. The washroom looks like a private jet washroom. The sofa will be closed. They have kept the bathroom here. They have kept tissues here. Here is water. Who might feel thirsty while having a dump? And guys, if you also want to experience a private jet, then follow ACS on Instagram. And like, comment and share their giveaway post. And as soon as they reach 30,000 followers, they will announce their winner. So, go and follow them. You are being fed before getting on the plane. And when you get on the plane, you are also being fed. And now I have already got off. And I am still being fed. This is the magic of a private jet. If this is a private jet, then I want to travel in the general class. Our aura has gone minus. Today it is not minused.. Today our aura has been f-

  Top Comments:
  1. @inishutiwari [2600 likes]: From comparing food to comparing private jets, we have come a long way. ❤
  2. @AdeelaSamar [1 likes]: 3:36 The way he said Beth ja Beth ja❤❤❤
  3. @bhanwarnihal8401: Kitna pet aa raha h iska aage😅
  4. @indrajeetsahu2000: Price kaun batayega bhutni ke
  5. @SharmasqueenATTITUDE: 2:34
  6. @shuvoofficial6956: Big Fan From Bangladesh Didi❤️🙂
  7. @AmeenaSahar-y7j: Why Sometimes I think nishu is genuen sister of gamer fleet cause she Talk like him❤
  8. @Crafteringpriya: Nishu di content day by day😮
  9. @PravasiniBiswal-k6s: 😅😅😊😊
  10. @GurupreetSingh-m4o: So pretty nishu
  11. @carwind-d5o: Bakre ko katne se pehle khilaya pilaya jata hai
  12. @natkhatvaishnav2552: Dusra numbar ka plen ud bhi raha hai ki nhi
  13. @Malhotra_family_126: If u took dog with u ur real will be more viral !!❤
  14. @VermajiChandan-e8g: Sawai Madhopur tiger city he
  15. @bkstudys3605: Pata prevet jeto se hi to manav taskari hoti hai 😂😂
  16. @bkstudys3605: Kitni acchi baat hai k amiro ne apna or apna baccho ki story kudh likh rehe hai qki system unke haato me hai 😂😂😂😂😂per ab or nhi qki raja wapas ahaa chuka hai 😂dappa 😂😂😂 ab ya to sb ko samman or adikhaar do ya to me suru keru assthchakeravandanam matlab sampurna vinash
  17. @Telentapna: Aapne kitna charge diya ismw
  18. @Potato_Edit01: 10:50
  19. @asutoshmohapatra271: Ye kitni osm hai yaar
  20. @zaheer_zahar: 5:00 Blush 😊

- Day In The Life of a Private Jet Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone this is the video you've all been waiting for welcome to a day in my life as a corporate Pilot Flying The Gulfstream G4 today we're flying from Van Nuys to Salt Lake City for the concert I'm super excited to bring you along on this one it should be a really fun one I'm here in the hotel waiting for Tommy to come pick me up and then we're gonna head out to the airplane get things fired up so uh let's hit the road that'd be crazy tonight let's go I'm so excited for this one guys it's gonna be insane let's do it [Music] foreign do the AP fire test all right we're going to turn on the Apu by turning on the master and we're going to wait for the uh low oil pressure light to come on that means the Apu Inlet door is open once that comes on we're going to hit the over speed button that's to test the shutoff feature of the Apu the Apu shuts off when the RPM over speeds so uh the light goes out that's a good check we're going to give it a little bit let it reset turn the master back on and once the light comes on we're going to fire up the Apu Apu where you use the left main tank There She Goes wait for uh our pins come all the way up and then we'll transfer the power source from the batteries to the APU like that so boom aux power's on we're no longer just charging from the batteries the AP Supply and the power to the airplane and turn on the rest of the instruments so cabin Galley Masters all our displays we can come turn on the irs's fms's that's it that's how you turn on the G4 cage the attitude indicator still got my mark in this plane had to do it this is cool so let's just call our display controller the display controller there's a lot of things that can control what comes up on the screen so for example I have the engine start page up I can change it to the break page tells you all the brake temperatures stuff like that it's to the Hydraulics so you do a lot and then with the map page I'm going to come here and change it to vectors on the Wind so it'll tell me what the winds are doing and yeah do all sorts of cool stuff on here coming down here we can initialize the fms's so load the positions on both sides and obviously they flew at night last we could brighten those all the way there we go and let those come up in the meantime Let's uh let's go check out the back coming back here to the cabin we don't have a flight to numbness bird so we're responsible for everything back here making sure the seat belts all look nice there's ice and drinks and snacks everything's the way it should be so we do all that I'm gonna request some ice I'm going to load the snack box everything fix all the seat belts just make it look presentable back here belts make those look all nice no flight attendant you guys wanted a day in the life you got it this is it it's glamorous all right we'll come outside here do a little walk around what's up it's one of my homies so here she is in all her glory the beauty back in the cockpit this is what our flight plan looks like we're gonna take this and input it into the FMS so first thing we're going to do load our destination so we're going k-s-l-c put that there drag it down we're gonna go to departure we're departing up 1 6 right this morning and looking at our flight plan it is the Ares 4 so we're going to load that and we have the Las Vegas transition upload that activate it now keep in mind this is just preliminary we're still waiting for our IFR clearance that we're going to get in about a half hour on and then we're gonna go through and enter the rest of the waypoints after Las Vegas so I'm going to load that real quick and I'll catch you guys after all right so I'm currently up here monitoring the fueling just making sure they're balanced I'm currently only feeding feeding the left one because the uh right side's a little heavier so I've got it closed up here once they're balanced I'll turn it back on so uh just monitoring the feeling making sure everything is uh in balance and uh coming up the way it should now that they're balanced the way I want it to I can come back up here open the shut off and now it'll feed fuel in the belt takes here's some of the functional checks on the G4 so this is the fire test we're looking for eight lights so we got two on the button three four five six seven and eight that lights up on the fuel so that's a good test eight lights and then we have a checklist that pops up so we can just exit it there that's a good test we do the other side working for eight lights as well it's a good test we're gonna be clear to the Salt Lake City Airport areas four departure Las Vegas transition has filed maintained four thousand expect play level four one zero and one zero minutes after departure parch frequency one two four point six and squat two zero two six okay we're clear Salt Lake City Airport the harrysport departure Las Vegas has filed four thousand four one zero and ten twenty six four or twenty four six and three zero two six zero number zero miss here the beacons uh 20 26 2026 thrust read back plus correct ground point seven protective Good Foot all right thank you two zero two six zero all right there's our clearance so we're gonna finish put that into the FMS and we're ready to go so we got the flight plan all in now this is how we get our performance data so it calculates all our view speeds for us which is really nice we just have to put in the information so we're going to be cruising at 41 000 feet the winds are 219 at 50. put that in here at 41 000 feet we're gonna have five passengers and 200 pounds of cargo let it compute and the current winds here are 150 at 11. it's already got the temperature in there that all looks good and here's our numbers so we're gonna like that and here's RV speeds they also come up this is my controller so that's it color speeds we got our clearance we got our altitude and I'm all done up here we're ready for a flight and the last thing we need is passengers so I'm not going to film any of the startup or the takeoff I'll say that for another video so I'll meet you guys up front at Cruise we'll talk with Tommy a little bit more about this unique operation how we got to this point in our careers all that good stuff so uh we'll catch you guys at Cruise all right guys up here at Cruise G4 unfortunately we left a little later than we were hoping so excuse the darkness up here with Tommy this is the guy that got me introduced to the whole Gulfstream world so shout out this guy and we got the sharpest tell the feet to go by the way so uh we're on our way up right now Cruise LT 37 000 feet got the radisscope out in the whole game right now um honestly I couldn't do half the stuff that I do without it but a lot of people don't realize is that Owen is actually a lot more experience if he has a lot more flight hours than I do and um so when I needed somebody that could fit the bill fly an airplane with no inner uh no uniforms and go around the world and do all the crazy stuff at concerts and you know awesome dinners and meetings I wouldn't want anybody else by my side of these kids in absolute Rockstar I'm so lucky to have him thank you for flying with me this is so rad thanks for having me so speaking of that no uniforms this is a pretty this not your average corporate pilot gig you want to elaborate on how lucky we are to have such an awesome account yeah I mean as far as uh corporate stuff goes this is pretty much a great job I mean as you can see obviously the no uniform thing we were on a really relatively loose schedule when we're going to go somewhere the owner of this airplane calls me asks me what time I would like to leave uh the next day versus you know telling me to be at the airport at a certain time no we don't get shuttled off to the Holiday Inn we stay at you know four and five star resorts with them and again you know all the concerts or other events they have going on we're allowed to take place it's super awesome they're very inclusive so we have a really solid gig and again that's why I couldn't have your typical you know no offense of the golf Street Pilots out there I couldn't have your typical Gulfstream guy out there I need you know young fresh blood that can keep up and hang and oh it does a spectacular job of it cool yeah I know it works out we make a good team up here everybody treats everybody like family so it's a good gig I'm blessed to be here a lot of cool places so uh try and share some of that within the future but uh today we're going to beautiful Salt Lake City should be fun it's gonna be a good one good show tonight Hometown show tonight you guys are gonna love this one we'll catch you guys Consulting to be on the ground um we're running a little late so we're gonna rush to the show oh right Salt Lake City he's doing the pins real quick and we're out of here all right so we're in the car Tommy's My Chauffeur tonight straight through that back door and straight backstage that's how we roll over here thank you [Applause] wow crazy concert Salt Lake City turning up we're here at the after party at the venue I'm underground right now in some green room but uh we're gonna head up

  Top Comments:
  1. @tjgali1111 [605 likes]: I respect you guys so much because you challenge the status quo. You’re dope, I hope to be blessed enough to meet amazing people and to be exposed to the same level of opportunities. This is what aviation should be! Respect
  2. @clifford4081 [1 likes]: Whenever you are destined to do those type of stuff or any stuff, you already have a mind for it..
  3. @MStosek [1 likes]: Time to fire up the g4,  yo.
  4. @nancycunningham4225: Lovely bird, but Gulfstream is consistently top notch.
  5. @Betterthanever164: My first flight when I was young the Captain open the cockpit door and said if you like to have a drink the cooler was right behind the back starbird seat... That was a small one😂 I said thank you and offered him one ❤
  6. @JenniferTella: This would be an awesome job but I wish you guys made more. You do well but not as well as the 121 pilots
  7. @scrubbwhite291: Who the heck is post Malone? Is that someone who has passed recently?
  8. @jimprior5700: He did all the work on the ground and then in flight a guy shows up in the left seat. Surprised at tats. Is that why he is not with a "major".   It does  look like fun  but how's the salary  vs. major carrier?
  9. @Trenton-s4u: Bruh you guys work for fuckin post malone.....? How do I get your job bro?!?! I gotta get my pilots license for sure!!!
  10. @CarpeDiemDose: whats the pay?
  11. @RickLancaster-w2x: Not impressed with you in putting things fast that's where mistakes are made
  12. @lesliepearce-burden7054: I understand the no uniform stuff but all this Broe stuff hummm not sure about that standards exist for a reason, and someone here said they are so dope wtf does that even mean, frankly I would drug test them every day
  13. @chippycharley: to each their own, but no way would i feel comfortable with how unprofessional you both look.
  14. @Danny-fs1hk: This is so cool!!!
  15. @debvonrueden7304: I’m in awe of all pilots, but I’d be terrified if I knew my pilots were drinking at a concert the night before my return flight (if that was the plan). 😮
  16. @Torry-ny4vi: Spectacular job guys keep up the good work
  17. @RoyDimond-l4j: I think Tommy is a Trumpster so I would not use him as a pilot, Poor Judgement!
  18. @rbnhood39: Good lord what a dream job.
  19. @KellyCalkins: Thanks for sharing. It’s really fun to watch.
  20. @KellyCalkins: Postie with the mostie

- Grant Cardone Takes Delivery of a 2020 Gulfstream G650ER: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] special delivery coming through dude i need dude you got another set of those for me man there it is it's it's landing it's landing baby bird has landed yeah johnny hear that that's it man i don't think they can see me from here yet right what's the thing where i tell them to turn man i'm doing it right oh i'm doing a little soon huh man i don't need to overdo it man i'm union good night that's the way you do it greg that's great that's it baby i got it coming in i got it coming in anybody can fly one of these things okay not everybody can direct it okay huh let's go johnny get it in there johnny oh my god okay okay this way oh a little more little more a little more no more oh yeah come come on wow this is amazing johnny remember this johnny what are we doing now those wings you guys remember that wing it was right down here look at this golf stream six five zero we'll change the number it won't be n880 gc it'll be 365 gc awesome right let's go i'm on the bottom no go ahead go ahead look at this 22-inch window you want to go up 22-inch rooms i've got 22-inch windows going up oh yeah this is amazing hi thank you how are you doing how's y'all like here um oh my god don't you love the rug this is so cool it's the best look at this man wow look at this wood god it's gorgeous i've never seen it you understand i bought this thing without seeing it wow right yeah i thought it was how you doing grant thank you for bringing it in i thought it was lighter oh no no i love this wow look at the seats though i love this right here look how much wider this is oh my gosh now you're so far away huh i don't know that could be a good thing sometimes don't leave me hanging wait a minute i got to figure out how to use stuff hold on a second i think i was just left hanging i'm not sure but i think that qualifies for no no no i just got i don't even know how to work this thing either nobody knows nobody knows okay so we have this oh a whole bunch of stuff to play with what is this clothes wow wow this is like is this our tray now oh wait i'll show you this watch this i mean it's you know that is fast look it's bigger it's wider huh johnny what do you think it's way bigger you think so i know so just like the roof of it even everything's just wider bigger taller yeah two demands atlanta let's watch this ready so look elena we got two demands back here one you understand i'm not opening this this is going by itself elena can you come back here now yeah but i mean do you not understand this is opening because i pushed a button i know that does that impress you that is like amazing okay yes i'm coming let's go well that's crazy man i'm once awesome huh you think so johnny huh look at this so so elena look we can you know you can have for our poker games yeah exactly so someone can sit here and here and we can all have we have six people this is so much better for when you sit and talk and have our lives yeah right chats with people right yeah this is nice now now look at this this finish on the walls fabric yeah i wonder why this is popping out right here and then look at this did you see the eel on the sides johnny can you see this nice look at this this nice beautiful cloth wow beautiful yeah yeah i like this i like this texture on the walls this is nice huh yeah well there's your sofa i know finally okay my favorite part insane bro right just kidding come on back now what do you how do you like these warm colors wow than the white i mean i i thought it was lighter huh i thought it was whiter i think it's gonna wear better yeah i like i mean i think it's so warm and rich yeah and this carpet is so freaking awesome i love the carpet i i i can't believe we don't know how to work anything yet no i don't know i don't know how to work those chairs right i know that but i don't know how to get that chair out for you yeah i know how to get it over oh you know what there it is it's over here i know but i had trouble getting find a place for my hand to get in there oh right you're right it's a new toy you know yeah how does that work i don't know how you're supposed to but but it's like it's i know it's it's really uncomfortable i don't know and i have little hands right yeah see that opens the thing but this has got to come out first yeah hey ryan how does this how do the chairs come out so right here on the on the inside oh it's all electronic oh what what so just press this right it's just right here oh course and then and then you can open the switches on this side yeah wait huh so you're there oh there it is there it is there it is of course i was like man oh my god this is cool wow what a swivel wow this is like a lazy boy wow this is nice the colors to me are just phenomenal so like warm very classy like they spent a lot of money on this interior did a custom uh-huh because you see you see the snake there there's a snake yeah i showed johnny that i this is my favorite part i mean you push a button and this tray comes out does that blow anybody else's mind i mean that is just so cool this is this is this is the wood this is beautiful the wood is prettier than 100 percent and it looks in the videos because it looked brown in the videos and now it looks more gray with blue i knew the wood was going to be gorgeous the board is gorgeous the wood makes me happy did we see the bathroom let's go look at the bathroom yeah it's beautiful wow it's bigger so it's over here uh-huh it has a nice floor yeah yeah well that's it should have a hard floor not carpet and then we have a little you don't piss them up in some carpet nope this is nice really see if they're up there's got marble too i didn't see the forward bathroom wow this is so nice i love it so elena look at this look at this door handle too oh so much easier so much better than the other one oh yes i agree wow man i wish we could go to hawaii tonight i didn't just hit it wow huh that's good you want to johnny yeah let's go come on johnny this is so much better than the console don't you think oh there it is yeah that's what i was fighting with i was really worried about it too looking i can come all the way around oh yeah so so here's the i just removed this dude so this is that th this is what needs to be here so i'll remove that so i don't want any carpet up here you know let people get on the plane maybe have one little place to to wipe your feet yeah yeah fantastic man so here's the did you guys see that oh let me see so here's the bathroom whoa look at this bathroom what's that johnny nice dude the paint job is sick oh yeah you think so you like the red i love it yeah johnny see when you're on this now this is where you this you don't [Applause] it's actually probably a little bit bigger wow this is the crew cabin i love it so nice sick espresso machine i know he does microwave i mean it is beautiful i can see that it is beautiful the kitchen feels smaller to me ryan does it feel smaller to you it's it's smaller from us it's from amazing but it's double-sided so it's bigger yeah and you have this functionality too so great not only do you have a fridge look at this not only do you have a fridge now yeah you also have a freezer oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a real freezer too so your side bowls will never melt yeah yeah awesome wow and look you have an espresso yeah exactly no coffee machine and the and that what is that is that the microwave down there uh this is a microwave yeah this is a little live on it right johnny okay so that's yeah it's okay go live yeah i know what he means because it's split in half it feels smaller yeah we're just doing this i mean it's so yeah it's so much more useful it's much harder the windows are bigger does it have as much storage like look at you right now i might have one of these do you think it has do you think it has the same amount of storage though for the food i'll tell you more really because i felt like we had all those places for the shelves yes so for the for the plates for the plates yeah i don't see a place for that so the plates what do you think about meeting your new 650 my new girl got another girl i think i'm gonna call her isabella isabella that was the name of our parrot you can't like go it was a bird too true that true that so you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jbac5767: Wheres Meet Kevin for the fakeness....holy fuck yo
  2. @qkshade: I'd give both of my left nuts to have a wife this supportive and excited of my success
  3. @ArmandoGonzalezGracida: looks like never been in a private jet¡¡¡¡¡ everything i swow¡¡¡¡¡¡¡
  4. @Rayez14: woman got over excited unnecessarily and hell yeah, she is a talker. guy is ignoring all that
  5. @slerp-1: bros wife thought that she bought it the daughter is better
  6. @Jay_k_1980: Well she was 100% annoying
  7. @im079c7: She's being over the top. Trying to act like a young woman. Act your age  Rebecca.
  8. @Naitik-j1l4k: After 5 years i wiĺl definitely buy it its a goal for me
  9. @johnlarkin1457: Why is Grand selling everything...including this jet???  Makes you wonder???
  10. @vvipaero: lovely plane awf*l woman
  11. @tigranhambardzumyan5118: Bro turn her off
  12. @youngdrey1: I can tell she worrisome and talk so much shit
  13. @RaptorX-iq2oq: I NEED THIS PLANE IN MSFS2024
  14. @Saisatyam-p9k: He seems to be like us a normal guy who seek dreams into his eyes and accomplished it great inspiration 🎉
  15. @tfr6398: you can't buy class
  16. @ReallyTooky: Love how these scam artists are getting “rich” off people paying them and watching their videos and they’re making even more money, and spending it, on video. Capitalism at its finest!
  17. @JB-76er: I hope this is an alternate personality from being on something, because that would be super annoying to live with! It’s heightened moments of emotion like this for some people that brings out all the most annoying aspects of them. Tell the cameraman to ignore her next time you get a jet. 😂
  18. @RudyRivera-t3l: Grant is not a Democrat. He loves life.
  19. @KaosnLA: She’s loud and annoying.
  20. @instinct0199: That woman is destroying the beauty of the plane and the honest reaction of Grant to the plane. Its getting covered up with that womans Karen Character😂

- Nikki!! What Did You Do?!? - Pilot VLOG 120: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's going on guys Shawn here live in the corporate pilot life I got a new video for you guys from San Jose California down to Van Nuys but before I get to the video I want to let you guys know I got some Cpl swag available I just got the hats in I've had the t-shirts up for a couple of weeks now but the hats are finally available I've got red got black and I have gray hats I'm really liking the other the gray it's definitely my style but a lot of people have really liked the red color as well it's like a heathered color it's not like a solid red or anything like that so really nice colors they are stretched to fit there's no adjustment so make sure you check the sizing instructions to make sure you get the correct size I've had a few people say that they thought they were going to be a large or an extra-large and they were actually small or a medium something like that so I definitely check the instructions there in the description on the website live Cpl comm link in the description below so yeah head over there and check them out hopefully you guys enjoy them as for the video almost a full video not quite 100% of the of the flight I had to get edit out a little bit of stuff as always I've got to edit out the the tail numbers I've had a few people actually commenting calling us idiots for not using our callsign on the radio I promise we are using their callsign I just have to edit it out so don't don't scream at me when you don't hear the callsign so we're working on that we're trying to get a long-term solution to that whole problem but but yeah hopefully you guys enjoy the video give me the like the thumbs up if you liked it and subscribe if you're new and we'll see you guys on the next one deal right line up and wait that particular teracles for me ready to go at the end on Bravo don't enter the tower Roger just in case I can squeeze out front of ya I'm not going out here but I can always hope sometimes they get some you know crazy bug on their windshield 92 turn right do they cut that girl compass 6031 or 3-0 right to scrape for takeoff these are like if they go and help the sixties don't exercise at 5:36 all the 737-200 off on a caution wake turbulence four three zero left curling so God what is that G two hundred and I ain't clips yep this is really our G 280 are due to go to idea that all right make sure did five thirty six hours they talk don't eat the Eclipse all right careful with this uh thrust we when he breaks off yeah I want to do a get us we're so mean I mean they were I get the 6031 contact our county but also the participant our exits at 5:36 is so easy on the iOS 331 exigent 536 Center they tied yeah the right insight can you proceed visually actually got 536 so we can do the right X is that five that is a visual approach from a 3-0 in threes all right clear to land visual approach runway three zero right clear to land runway three zero right exit check 536 will stream energy lead at charlie row three zero left at Bravo Lana family well the weight three zero left at Bravo nine Julie Charlie I guess our Cold Stream fall at 65 or with yeah we have to wait six five San Jose talk continues right there is your life traveling the position the stream energy Leah Charlie run three zero left at Bravo clear for takeoff never take all three zero left the ninth Charlie Charlie over 145 echo off San Jose tire and three zero left at Bravo I have been way chopper to mile final for the parallel to raise your left a Bravo live from y85 echo alpha no I think it's kind of cute I guess if you're into that kind of thing Oh sour suppli 62 with the in mouth resilience I gave best 60 change Charlie 3-0 writer on Three's jail right critter land hey freeze your right cleared land for easier rights over the 60 50 all stream diner Julia Charlie contact North Cal departure switch on the North Carroll denied you literally saw November 5 echo alpha over when 3G left at Bravo if they go Theresa let's a Bravo for pick up one four five o'clock November's cross from a 3-0 left at Bravo or went 3-0 right at Bravo line up and wait traffic on Nine Mile Street in across the 3-0 left to line up and wait 3-0 right box pings updated contact NorCal departure you wanna dress pores are my control spring correct check out dad speak anymore transponder to cast is clear cooling system is also clear all-star nations are off I think I miss it Gulf Stream 3-0 right a brothel clear takeoff go take up here right Bravo we good all right power 62 set of it our way 3-0 to the right correct only three zero right Wesley a foreigner Gulf pops innovate are waiting IFR release pop I do see that if you're going to be on your jet out here at you still have to get a release from North Coast what I'm awaiting right now I thought probably contact NorCal departure departure thanks I'll say there's five one one here Romeo North County San Jose [Applause] want to go all speeds wrong I see climb checks our separate landing gear is up flaps are up like a nest panel is set exterior lights set coke ignitions off grants boilers are now pressurization is doing its job engine clean power is set in Jessica's off altimeters are good for now APU is our down because it's like 15 times the charm that come I get sick you're in such deep trouble of overnighter Julie Charlie contact Oakland Center one 33.7 Oakland 33 stuffer thanks for helping I'm Julie Troy yeah I'll give you an hour duck - oh yeah just fly back off I'm fighting a zero seven five I give you a little extra space here zero seven five five that cloth I'm in pain six thousand six thousand six thousand set please no one here Romeo chemical into 0.1 don't always not going just got the juice hole away 6000 climb under strict in a pileup at 100 euro all restricted 1 9 0 my tame I see 1 0 continue waitlist is coming up I grabbed a dark hours when 400 opposite her calm and poppin or a departure were to kind of take me things you far below 5000 people are at below 5.40 go papa that's good thing said unrestricted yeah and approach 0 to pop any chance for a left turn Tucson ma I'm not going better if I your arrival NASA's we're going straight to that alright what over here we got Papa left on course a prayer for 0 go Papa day purple 280 at 22 and 20 Excel 19 and 17 you to 270 16 or 14 trav nothing rocker 250 12 and 11 is epi 10 and 9 nobody drove off Papa here take a break point to 0.15 have a thick here and then you hunt or as a sign it's a strange one where's that you have to go I think you're not a bike 172 destination is Paulo also wondering if it's possible to overfly San Jose Airport and to intercept but the two sure to practice GPS if the fellow out sofa zeroed on a bike we're gonna make 5 3 2 1 5 3 2 1 dersu minute please fly that glass up there - Rick hey Kirk didn't l5 that coughing okay go for the fender one 33.7 good either 33 so hopefully go straight was climbing through one four thousand four-one 902 7 o y7 coming up okay papa hotel is what a feature but still they pop open so that's picked out about one minute low center eclipse one four five echo off with you 17 three climbing one night sure when you're ready I'll get you a course number one four five at the 164 main level do wanna go yeah no cliff better I'll get twenty hundred by Oh once again for two seven zero 2010 by so and your minimum is our 302 okay they usually do the Yankee Zulu no one three two one two seven point four five point seven forty five Center go streams climbing through twenty three one four five two seven zero Roger climb and maintain right 21:17 D Center maintain two seven zero sediment alo a270 rise in 21 7450 radio cut Oakland watch therefore 5300 what's it for fifty thank you click Huck's h oo KS and Moffat h oo K X then Moffat question 4 50 four Niner chili Charlie climbing for about three five zero there was that will be a vinyl thank you sir up the flight level three five zero for our final night Julie Charlie number sixty 31 reasonable speed thank you dollars b-52 everyone thank up 31 climbing thinkable three one zero left hand over to you want you're gonna sneeze again I feel it don't 17:18 reasonable speed nope normally Delta 1718 wanna go that's you I'm waiting for it pepper in my face I'm waiting for the finish oh oh we're gonna go through all this crap aren't we yep the dryer and if you are try where you wanna go I think it's gonna take a lot to get over it take low 30s couple thousands not gonna do it oh yeah we're gonna go back down all honks which is in like 60 miles yeah exact where it's at see how it feels if it's bad yeah we'll jump well but it's honks is in yeah horn 17 miles 15 minutes okay we're gonna climb over yeah exactly well deal yeah if it's really bad we'll do it but I don't think it's gonna be terrible Kal's we need Nicki just text that may or may not have farted don't come back here bros that is totally staying in the video [Laughter] sure respond tell me we're both dying right now we know don't worry we know Burdine dirkly Charlie's here Mach number what'd you say maka the 0.74 sir we do don't worry Nick keep forward to come before the outflow bells right there it always comes forward to the Charlie all air comes through that little hole yeah we know don't worry it came up and then down and then there were flies in here a minute ago they're dead now bill 17:18 got a coconut Irwin one Niner point seven five today don't know who to bring just so you know this is all on video every go Charlie x-ray clear Trek Lando LAN vo and yeah I'm really excited about that I'm really excited about that don't worry we've raised you now badly the Morgans are not my look I'm actually less concerned about departed yeah yeah yeah you're not wrong do top of you video here yep that'd be the title of it Nikki farted Mickey farted yeah get an hour to go Nikki alright new wait is for van nice already two five zero six ten miles twenty two degrees three zero zero two on the meter instead of a pressurization side three new party one six right one six left is closed Wednesday right straight crosswind is a delightful 72 degrees on the ground oh wow Suffolk P 31 connect LA after one 35.3 date your rep speed is 129 fifty two hundred foot wet runway cool Oakland Ola 1333 Hicks erupted right don't the 1330 Oakland Center Roger cleared correct November [Music] 88 defend a via the Ironman to arrive was to maintain 1 2007 Einar Julia Charlie fly heading of 175 vector for sequencing all right right turn 81-75 centers echo three zero seven two nine zero present 2117 contact Los Angeles Center one-one-niner point zero and prepositions been separate landing circuit breakers number eight ago Mike turn right heading one niner five right what Niner five eight echo Mike contact Los Angeles Center one three two point six I like Ostrom is descending via the eivin's arrival except for 11 all right will be 24 however the heck you just said that I don't know honk honk I don't honks that's not how that says there's a rival in here that a Damon Flutie wants and the way point is why is that race he goes let's chicks like that's his chickens he's like oh 2700 contact SoCal approach one two four point five five is that Catalina out there I assume it is it's one of them Catalina is I don't think it's the big one but it's part of the Channel Islands okay I can't keep up straight Catalina is like off the coast but I can't tell you if it's north or south okay I've never actually been there I don't either maybe someday I know the runway is closed till March that sucks did you read about that no this was actually pretty cool so throwaways garbage it's been garbage for years like it's got potholes in it and I got curves there's got some dips right so the steak house prices you can't use this runway anymore like this is illegal so they agreed to get racing tactics in so once every couple their parents in there they're like bring out tons of equipment it's like a public-private partnership it's actually kind of cool that's pretty cool as soon as it's done they're like I'm gonna cry no plain ago ya know a friend of mine down here in LA said he would take me over there sometime not long 18 minutes we got time on the round yeah baby Georgia Byrd 124.50 change your clothes it's fine so baby took out four twenty four five we will slack up the 88 15 so first one three four point three five five a lot of 50 penalty 25 for 24 exacta 370 lights energy c250 to maintain flight level to zero to 50 on the speed down to two two zero zero three zero seven turf it's nuts slow don't you pity Senate off here 150 to 500 say one number one to six number one six two five La Center the LA out seven or three zero zero six zero zero three approach with a citation ways to force any of those 3-1 so close damn brain six eight echo Mike Los Angeles Center LA out senator three zero zero six zero six place worldwide eighty contact SoCal approach one two eight point seven five putting 875 good they sure I can see where the approach goes but I can't see the airport yet yeah it's that way there's a little canyon over there number 65 contact SoCal approach one tree pushing there dry not do it scimitar is five three four three zero zero three all set Castle cook van high school strings might be too many islands in the way you'll see on the ground of about fifteen minutes zero passengers we're gonna need front and aft lab done we have dishes linens all kinds of stuff sometimes catch you at all before which means are gonna tow you into where you're playing okay so we try to avoid north kramitz have a pain yeah I've used North ramp a few times it's the one that's just right there north at the tower yeah it's a big space which is nice for them but it's a pain for us it's where hang out there it's like I got to get all the way to the other side I think I've told you over and that's just pain alright we're showing uh you two at fourteen three thirty which is in the limits looks good there they've got us held at two fifty the next restriction is rocker dip which we're gonna stop there at eleven yes sir eyes up now I'm not telling you I'm telling me cool just don't answer yourself oh yeah there's some snow down there kind of I've missed it we've been a nightmare being on the roads in LA with snow yeah it's bad enough on the roads in LA with drivers I don't want to think about how bad it was yeah it was like flurries and people like what's this the sky is falling yeah number six echo Mike thanks chopper one three four point three five choppy choppy SoCal approach 34 35 either cut Michael soon contact SoCal approach one two eight point seven five g'day 28 35 Thanks SoCal right oh boy baby kind of approach 10.4 24 g'day man yeah SoCal go stream to send 300 cows 5300 you guys you got the music plugged in there it's great 32 points hey portugal strips sending through 9600 for 7,000 turkic one 0th here you see the t10 as well the caliper delivering up limiters three-zero-zero for freezers are for and we are turned into nuts a sizable Meridian to 3r tango maintain your best forward feet of autocratic awful so I told you that boy why did he turn writing 1 3 0 localizer to the 19 5000 won 3-0 the localizer down 5,000 worldwide ooh want to go 8-4 732 the p1 0 to 1 0 5 approach say with the is number 5 3 2 0 Tango's he'll call you up teacher to know Rogers nothing else your secret speed up Avant spread throughout multiple jobs for you for 6 Romeo 5 present heading for sequence and we repeat the 1 7 0 1 7 0 4 6 Romeo number 2 0 tangler does anything 5000 expedite a degree in degrees 20 lefty probably left you said right 23 degrees left oops tennis never agrees number 6 7 Charlie approach from Anarchy for six planks akela forever do you got worldwide to tower 6,000 we may have been 92 for 6 Mike we'd be descending 7800 with Lima 94 6 Mike SoCal Roger / - Sierra tango turn what setting won 3-0 underfoot the localizer 6,000 6,000 well why did Eve announcer 100.3 today thank you and you got the guilty 96 Julia Mike so caliper Roger is it yeah cool stand on the LSU the way though yeah we're bringing a sequence so the 3:07 Journal op-ed hang of 0 1 0 that's 0 1 0 search at 3:07 TURN RIGHT heading 0.75 and Niner seven six of traffic six o'clock in a mile same direction flat Malibu six thousand repeat as you implied thank you we're six seven Charlie was he exposure decent for the Whiteman pattern altitude Roger descending for a pattern oh we're four six Romeo turn one sitting one great internal offending zero seven zero zero seven zero for Sacramento it's not dropped in here pretty quick of a yeah four miles from you're not riding one three zero maintain 5,000 full salvage accord I'll do it one thing short approach one three zero five thousand to establish gravity approach one three five point zero I am Mike are we following this guy indicating you're doing over the numbers number available one six right clear four six nine five my poor position thank you sir minimums minimums reppin ten Ruffin five ref where are you at point two seven zero at 74,000 remaining 6 lights three remaining visit so you do some reduce panels for treatment circa lights are out pull it back two thousand eight remaining filter 50 I hate those break by wires over 4-6 like a number to follow Falcon seal off our port inside caution 1000 remaining welcome thanks it Romeo and contact ground point 7 Romeo grab myself / 7 Delta Papa once you need a 118 freeway Miko right 364 spacing 100 remain there for six Mike and number two minimal delay on the run when you're said I would say hey stone at 8 mph gronckles you're clearing 1 6 right for a castle on cook could be castle be off right turn here all the way down to alpha 4 which is back before the tower cool left on out before you're at Castle cook please yeah bricks yeah I always forget this once break by wire she's old she does old people things it spoiled the fun doesn't it yeah are you back to hei maybe you know you're like this is great yeah it's so much see right there it takes a lot you barely you take barely breathe on it and one of them's grab your in the other favor wide yeah I always favor the left side little bit when I'm taxing and I'm on the runway it's it's a very very very slow pressure until one grabs whichever one grabs first Yeah right wouldn't just this fast oh I know especially when they get warm I've had them clean him a couple of times when they get too gross and even then they're just not great all right left turn here yep sometimes they chatter yeah you're gonna cleaned out it still to change it alright guys you guys gonna wait I hope so signal they bring in pre-tape my career taxi right for you yeah thank you that son is in a bad spot there's a lot of new guys here so yeah where do you want me dude let's you're tight right into that tug basically I'll take pictures I'm at it

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanim8 [1 likes]: And I would have had more fun with the fart. My text response to her would have been: "Shaun's passed out... I'm going fast... have you ever landed one of these?"
  2. @Bubbalikesit: A girl fart and everyone is looking for parachutes? Come on man, girl farts smell like cookie dough or peppermint.
  3. @MrNice-gw5dt: great show!
  4. @cq7415: Fun to watch. Shows mountains north of Santa Barbara. Nikki is always a plus, put more of her on your videos. Thanks for sharing.
  5. @brandtbecker1810: Surprised the oxygen masks didn't deploy!!! (-:
  6. @joec2083: I see you moved up in the world. How come you do not use the call presidential
  7. @jrracing2132: JRracing


Shaun, please tell your co-pilot to turn his head while he is sneezing and cover his mouth. He actually sneezed onto your face. I'm sure it was not on purpose, but come on, keep it together? You cannot do things like that anymore!!!  Cover you mouth or at least turn your head towards the right side of your body. Your in very tight quarters.  Other than that, love the job both of you guys are doing! Stay the course.....
  8. @TEAM6USA: thank God for Oxygen masks.....
  9. @maesc2001: Still find it stupid to edit out the call-sign. Only watch older PTD69 videos - sorry.
  10. @easttexan2933: all that background ATC chatter is just too much for this old man.  glad I don't fly anymore.
  11. @scottbaker1018: Sorry the eclipse looks like a giant rc model sitting in the line up 🤣🤣🤣😂
  12. @davidholland7777: Nikki that was awesome.
  13. @davidholland7777: Shaun ask Jon to start recording his flights so we can keep up with him.
  14. @ExtremeRecluse: California, where you can water and snow ski on the same day.
  15. @vanim8: I'm constantly amazed at how much cleaner and neater western runway and taxiways seem to stay. I'm much more used to seeing the results of lots of water in the southeast growing more green around the fringe and in the cracks.
  16. @ralphbailey8234: Been awhile since I watched...just not the same....
  17. @GreggRoberts: I could smell it through my monitor.
  18. @donaldthomas6969: book in view distracting video
  19. @bobby9050: Thanks Shawn good to check in with you once in awhile
  20. @egyptianminor: WTF, Co-Pilot turned his head and sneezed in Shaun's direction....

- How The Ultra-Rich Fly Around The World In $80M Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] This $80 million plane is the latest in a fleet of private jets offered by Qatar executive. First class is not even a comparison right now because there's an actual >> with the world seeing more billionaires than ever. Demand for this kind of extravagant travel is soaring and accessing this luxury is becoming easier than ever through chartering and time share services. Qatar has been quietly building up its aviation industry, too. >> This whole country, it's it's sort of well, it's like a giant aviation industrial complex with a country under it. >> Recently, Qatar gifted President Trump a luxury jet intended to be used as a new Air Force One. >> You look at some of the Arab countries and the planes they have parked alongside of the United States of America plane, it's like from a different planet. So, how luxurious are private jets these days and what are the trends driving the industry? This airport in Doha is mainly reserved for flights on Qatar Executive which caters to corporate customers, government officials and what the airline calls ultra high netw worth individuals. >> My first and probably last time on a private jet. Let's go. We took a tour of one of their newest models, the G700. Custom made by the American company GFream. The Jet has many exclusive features, including 10 leather seats and a couch that can all turn into beds. >> Yes, it's comfortable. I just want to say like that there's a certain smell in this plane and it kind of smells like luxury or leather. Unlike commercial cabins that recirculate air, this plane is designed to take in fresh air through the engines, it is then compressed, cooled, and filtered before being released into the cabin. There's also a private suite all the way at the back to minimize the engine noise. So, this door is designed to go up and down like this for a reason. It's because at higher altitudes, an aircraft expands. And the only way you can seal the doorway and not let any light through into this bedroom space is if this door moves like this. The airline offers an array of dining options you can order at any time and it offers a concage service. So these macaroons were made at the catering facility in Doha. But say if I was taking this private jet from Paris to Doha and I wanted lad macaroons, then that's what they would do. They would actually buy them and serve them uh as part of their service. The crew is also carefully selected. Every flight attendant must have a minimum 10 years of experience. >> If you have any special requests, we will include and you can have the meals at any time. >> Amazing. The bathroom also has hints of luxury. The amenity kit is designed by the French perfume brand Dipique, whose lotions can cost as much as $100. Perfume, body wash, lotion, and socks. Again, this looks like a chair, looks like a sink, but where in the world is the toilet? Well, guess what? Here it is. lift this. There's the golden throne. >> Shall we say hi to the pilots? >> Say hi to them. >> Hello. Hello. >> How are we doing? >> The pilots on this jet told us there are big differences between flying a commercial plane versus a private jet like this one. And that also adds to the experience. >> It's like having a Ferrari and we have different views on this one. And then uh situational awareness on this airplane is very high. >> The Gulf Stream can fly at an altitude of 51,000 ft. 10,000 ft higher than a typical commercial airliner. That increased altitude has surprising benefits. >> This aircraft is more economical flying higher. So you burn less fuel and it flies much faster. We fly at about 90% of the speed of sound. It also means the jets can fly above commercial traffic and avoid certain weather patterns, so there's less turbulence and the flight can be shorter with a more direct route. Another advantage is how the cabins are pressurized. Commercial flights simulate an altitude of 6,000 to 8,000 ft, about the height of Machu Picchu in Peru. But this jet has a cabin altitude of just 2,800 ft. That's like standing on top of the world's highest building, the Bourj Khalifa in Dubai. >> You feel really comfortable on this airplane. Even after a 13, 14 hour flight, you don't feel tired. Yeah. >> We stayed on the tarmac for this tour. But a one-way flight from New York to Doha on a jet like this can cost up to $300,000 depending on the availability and any specific requests. Since Qatar Airways launched this private jet arm in 2009, it's seen a surge in demand with revenue growing 29% in the last fiscal year. That tracks closely with the rise of millionaires and billionaires worldwide. In 1990, the US had 66 billionaires. Today, it has more than 900. That total is followed closely by China, which has more than 500 billionaires. and India has the third most with 200. Those three countries alone make up more than half of the world's 3,000 billionaires. >> The level of wealth increasing in the world greatly outpaced the business aircraft market. So I think in other words, we're kind of got a game of catchup among uh wealthy folks saying, "Oh, okay. I can fly privately. What a great idea." Powerhouse celebrities from the world of music, film, and sports have all made the upgrade. And for many of them, even charter flights aren't good enough. So, they've bought their own jets. Oprah Winfrey went private back in 1991 after a fan asked her for a hug while waiting for a flight in Chicago's O'Hare airport. Her newest jet is a Gulfream G700 like the one we toured. Taylor Swift, Tiger Woods, and of course, Elon Musk all own personal luxury aircraft. Warren Buffett named his the indispensable after experiencing the convenience of traveling on his own time. And Donald Trump has owned private aircraft since the 1980s. While other public figures might try to play down their expensive purchase, Trump has flaunted it. His Boeing 757 is emlazed with his name in gold letters. He calls it Trump Force One, even though it's not his presidential plane. The US has two Air Force One planes, but they're more than 30 years old, having been used by six presidents dating back to President George HW Bush. So, they need to be updated. During his first term, Trump signed a nearly $4 billion deal with Boeing for two new jets. >> Well, the plane is totally out of control. It's going to be over $4 billion. It's for Air Force One program, and uh I think it's ridiculous. >> They were due to be delivered in 2024, but production delays have pushed Boeing's deadline to beyond Trump's second term. That's why he made other plans. In May 2025, the US accepted Qatar's gift of a luxury Boeing 747-8 jetliner. The plane is decked out with luxury fabrics, big leather seats, and shiny wood veneer. It has lounges and bedrooms, a private office, and of course, an overthe-top bathroom. probably what happened is President Trump got on the current Air Force One and found it rather, you know, quotidian. And then he saw the Qatari plane, which I'm sure has more, you know, gold lame than, I don't know, your standard disc attack in the 1970s, and that's what I want. But the US Constitution has an imoluments clause that prohibits accepting such an expensive gift from a foreign government unless it's approved by Congress. And this one wasn't. >> There is no such thing as a free palace in the sky. What do foreign countries want when they gift massive amounts of money and other gifts to the president? >> I could be a stupid person say no, we don't want a free, very expensive airplane. Uh, but it was I thought it was a great gesture. >> The White House said the aircraft was worth $400 million and would save taxpayers money, but experts say it's 13 years old and might only be worth a quarter of its original price. >> I don't think the Qataris quite know what to do with this jet. There's no residual market. There's no secondary market. So, I think they probably said, "Well, at least we can curry a bit of political favor." >> The upgrade could also take years to complete. Here's what needs to happen. First, the jet must be completely taken apart to check for any spying devices. Then, new security features approved by the Pentagon would need to be installed. Air Force One is designed to be a White House in the sky. It should be able to defend against surfaceto-air missiles and even survive a nuclear attack. It also has a very strategic layout with a surgical suite and two kitchens capable of preparing up to 100 meals at a time. It can even be refueled midair given the plane's unlimited range. >> Does Trump say, "I don't care about these systems. I just like the interior. Do we cut corners and fly around in a less capable, less safe Air Force One?" Here in the US, the rise of private flying is closely tied with the history of Air Force One. Franklin Roosevelt became the first president to fly in a private purpose-built plane in 1945 when he traveled to Crimea during World War II. Roosevelt's plane had a conference room, a special wheelchair lift, a bulletproof window, and a refrigerator, the epitome of luxury at the time. In 1953, President Dwight Eisenhower became the first to officially call his plane the Air Force One, when he upgraded to a jet, a Boeing 707. 10 years later, in 1963, a Swiss American aviation company, Learjet, introduced the first private aircraft with seats for six passengers and two pilots. Its price tag started at about $650,000. In the late '7s, Boeing began converting its popular 747 model for private luxury travel. Over the next two decades, charter services emerged, allowing people to easily explore and book private trips, ushering in a new era of flying. [Applause] Qatar has been building its own aviation empire since 1993 while using planes as a diplomacy tool. In 2000, the country sent a Boeing 747 to Iraq as an expression of solidarity. In 2013, when Turkish and Lebanese hostages were released from Syria, Qatar executive quickly offered jets to escort them home. And in 2018, Qatar's Amir gifted a Boeing 747 to Turkish President Arduan, citing his trust in Turkey. I don't think there's any question that they regard aviation as a kind of an integrated well fabric if you will, economics, diplomacy, uh, military power, so hard and soft power. They there's no way they could be spending this monster amount of money on jets without having a sense of what it all means. >> Becoming an aviation powerhouse has also helped Qatar secure its position in the Middle East. When tensions escalated between Qatar and its neighbors in 2017 over its ties to Iran, Egypt, the UAE, Bahrain, and Saudi Arabia imposed a massive blockade. They denied the tiny kingdom access to their airspace and seas and closed its only land border. Qatar relied on imports for survival and the country was facing a crisis. It quickly turned to its aviation superiority to flex some muscle. The airline flew thousands of dairy cows on Qatar Airways cargo planes from Germany, the Netherlands, the US, and Australia to Doha, where a new farm was waiting to help give the country more control over its food supply. >> Aviation was their lifeline. And whether economically or diplomatically, there was that high-profile story, I believe, of using Qatari jetliners to fly dairy cows into the country so they could have milk, you know. I mean, it was it was an exceptional moment in history. >> And Qatar's influence in aviation extends beyond just owning fancy planes. The Qatar Investment Authority, the country's $500 billion sovereign wealth fund, has bought shares in other airlines. In 2025, it scooped up a 25% stake in Virgin Australia after Australia wouldn't allow Qatar Airways to expand its flights. In 2020, Qatar secured its 25% stake in IA, which operates British Airways, Iberia, and Heirlingus among others. And back in 2012, the country bought a 20% stake in London's Heathro airport. It also owns part of two African airlines, Airlink and Rwanda Air. Qatar's ties to the United States also run deep. It shelled out $8 billion over the last 20 years to help develop and maintain the Al- Uid air base, the largest US military facility in the Middle East. It houses some 10,000 troops. In May 2025, Trump said Qatar pledged another $10 billion towards the base over the coming years. These closed ties benefit some US manufacturers as well, like Boeing. Qatar Airways has an order for 210 aircraft. And Qatar Executive flies 22 private jets made by another American manufacturer, Gulfream, with a few more scheduled for delivery next year. The private jet business is also growing worldwide. Today, there are about 23,000 private jets operating around the world, and about 65% of those are based in the US. That's up from 10,000 jets operating globally in 2000. Analysts say the global business jet market could reach nearly $70 billion by 2032. But owning a private jet isn't the only option. Some invest in fractional ownership, kind of like a time share for jets, where owners share costs such as maintenance, staff salaries, and hanger space. Others book and share chartered planes, or they use jet card programs that are like a prepaid card for flight hours. Vista Jet is one company that offers such a program. >> As long as the runway is long and safe enough, we'll make it happen. >> Vista Jet started with just two Lear jets in 2004. Now it has a fleet of more than 300 aircraft around the world. The company uses a subscription-based plan in which clients buy flight hours and it replicates ownership. But what it does is that it takes away all the ownership risks where the asset depreciation, the the management of the aircraft and the operation of the aircraft. >> It's a convenience clients are willing to pay for. The flight time costs anywhere from 11,000 to about 25,000 an hour depending on the type of plane. Members have to purchase a minimum of 25 flight hours a year with a 3-year commitment. And there's a separate fuel charge on top of the hourly rates. One flight from New York to London on this aircraft type could cost you $300,000 where our average client average net worth are well over half a billion dollars. members are guaranteed a plane will be available for their flight as long as they give 24 hours notice. >> It's like doing a jigsaw puzzle. How you make sure that you have enough availability, but at the same time, we can't have too much waste. >> To avoid empty seats, the company also sells individual chartered flights outside the membership program. And they're looking for ways to reduce their carbon footprint. Studies have found that private flights are up to 14 times more polluting per passenger than flying commercial as a carbon footprint is spread across fewer people. One study calculated that 2 hours of a private flight emits more carbon dioxide than an average person creates in a year. And because these planes fly higher, the emissions are released in more sensitive parts of the atmosphere where they linger, potentially contributing to more global warming. 85% of our customers opt in for our carbon emission program. They could give us, for example, a 7-day booking notice because it help us to organize our fleet to reduce that empty leg. like Qatar executive Vista Jet is competing to meet its customers high expectations for luxury when cooking on a private jet. Um it's very much the food has to be specifically engineered so that things don't dry out and that's what they really specialize on and getting the the food from worldrenowned chefs like Nou and things like this. On the 7,500 we have two ovens which are perfect for for this. With the the private airline, we can really cater to our clients specific needs. Um, we know exactly what our clients like. Um, and we take feedback after every single flight and we write back to our company. When it comes down to owning, sharing or chartering, experts say there's one simple principle. For those who travel a lot and can afford it, owning is perhaps the way to go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [24 likes]: "This is how the world's richest people spend their money": https://trib.al/iMlA0pY
  2. @strikye7 [1 likes]: 50% of the video is about Qatar Airways and geopolitics 👎
  3. @maxsdad538 [1 likes]: The first Air Force One was a VC121-A Lockheed Constellation, named Columbine II, and used by President Eisenhower in 1953. There is no aircraft called "Air Force One", that is merely a call sign assigned to any USAF airplane that is carrying the president. Army one and Marine one are helicopters (Army and Navy, obviously) used to transport the President, and there has been only one aircraft with the call sign "Navy One", a Lockheed S-3 Viking used to carry President George W Bush to the USS Abraham Lincoln in 2003. The aircraft was then retired to the Naval Aviation Museum in Pensacola, FL
  4. @777driver1 [1 likes]: My only question as a Passenger is what pressures are the pilots under
  5. @brinjoness3386 [1 likes]: "It's like from a different planet", it came from the same factory in the usa. What an idiot
  6. @jvotv5128 [1 likes]: America First President who supports Israel and flys foreign planes.....Completely corrupt....Now he is doing deals with them
  7. @SmokeBurp [1 likes]: its fun to stalk them on adsb websites, just set altitude filter to 42000-50000 feet and you can look and see who it is sometimes, just put their call sign in AI. I saw a alleged cartel boss, I saw starbucks CEO. Lots of crypto people and I think I saw Ronaldo too. lol.
  8. @miratsayfullin9173 [1 likes]: 6:50 Warren Buffett named it 'Indefensible', not 'Indispensable'
I read about it in his book
  9. @strikye7: flag of Saudi Arabia 12:54 😅
  10. @777driver1: 40 years as an airline pilot sim instructor examiner . The vast majority of pilots want to fly in military or for an airline . Problem with corporate is passengers putting pressures on the pilots as well as lack of job security know one who really wants a career in corporate. The first Question is why are you not an military or airline pilot
  11. @Jose-ms9bm: Qatar is getting what in exchange?
  12. @TheLuigi000: Maybe it's because I am BROKE AF but...$80 Million for a PLANE??? Not to mention that I have to fuel it, maintain it, house it, insure it and crew it!?!?! Let's say I have ELON money, that's the ONLY way that makes sense to me...and in that case well...Gulfstream G650 😊
  13. @themu2715: Trump bash video of hearsay hey blue shirt guy . Who told you that. Secret information?  Wow . Nonsense for dummies
  14. @andrewchun4895: Stacy’s mom?
  15. @127ante: Gagaaaaaaaa
  16. @hokko274: So there are only 3000 billionaires versus billons of normal people, what's really stopping society from sharing that money more fairly?
  17. @dvdvvd-d9y: When you have lots of money, everyday should be a YOLO celebration!!
  18. @silence169-s5n: Felt like they missed some steps saying how the room minimizes the engine noise by being in the back. The engine is at the back of the airplane.
  19. @LeeBrown96: Absolutely do not want to see this content as it completely repulses me!
  20. @whatweather: I can’t believe they seriously made it about global warming. That’s why we think it’s partially a hoax because not everything is global warming.

- EcoJet Research Project: Bombardier's Commitment to Sustainability: Kind: captions Language: en my name is Steven mccullock I'm senior vice president for engineering and product development of our company Innovation is really at the heart of bombard Innovation is who we are Innovation is Central to what we do and the echo jet uh technology demonstration platform is really setting up for the tools of the future of our company this is really the second uh phase of our significant vehicle testing on the program the original testing uh was really a smaller scale articles what we're seeing I is a is our larger scale vehicle uh flight testing here that vehicle has a wingspan of around 18 ft much more data uh much more information looking at the theoretical possibilities of a blended Wing body shape uh how that would actually operate within the environment of aircraft uh that that we design vast majority of our research and technology is aimed at sustainable Aviation we want to be the leader of sustainable Aviation and the echo jet is absolutely targeted at our commitment uh to sustainability the pride of this team the energy of this team the passion that our employees have for sustainability the drive that it it gives people the ability to go above and beyond of this team is incredible

  Top Comments:
  1. @美雪陳-o4w: I want to buy the Global 8000 model.

- Crafting the Future of Business Aviation: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the role of the industrial designer is first and foremost to take care of the user experience on board the aircraft so in this case our passenger and we look at matter is like comfort the layout the functionality the beauty and aesthetics of both the inside and the outside of the hub really in the center of all that and our objective is for our passengers to have completely uncompromised experience onboard Global 7000 is the top-of-the-line is our longest range and the longest fuselage we have in our fleet with this longer fuselage we asked ourselves what do we need to do differently the analogy we took was to design this aircraft like a hotel suite in which you would check in in London and check out in New York for example the feeling of warmth and welcome when you board the aircraft the kitchen area enter into the main cabin you sit in an incredibly comfortable seat you go into the dining area of an incredible meal if you want to relax when your entertainment on board exactly as you would at home this is really a mission I think we have a very interesting line of work because we are always in between in the future and in traditions we work with computers on graphic palettes to draw our concepts but we also work with materials like leather and veneer that were around for a very long time so there's always this balance between old and new technology and craftsmanship the team comes up with an idea and you have to check and validate so the mock-up we're in right now is actually one of the most important tools in the design process and the aim is that when we get to the end product and the final build nothing is a surprise and we've taken care of all the details to achieve exceptional craftsmanship we work very closely with the people that manufacture aircraft the craftsmanship here at the center of excellence is really world-class we have a team of experts best in the business we bring tremendous artisanship for our cabinet making to our seat making into the entire aircraft built the work we do here is extremely precise very detailed so we've introduced a lot of new technologies in order to achieve the level of meticulousness and accuracy our customers have learn to inspect this enables us to be extremely precise in the build process while also ensuring provide that human touch that makes each piece we create truly one-of-a-kind every interior what since manufactured will be completely installed in our ITR here at the center of excellence this allows any findings or discrepancies to be resolved well ahead of the actual interior installation we've done a good job on the global 7000 because now other platforms are asking us to give some design input as well innovations and the level of quality industrial design team brought the global 7000 is now ripple and extend to other bombarda platforms the team on a global 7,000 and 8,000 really bring a tremendous amount of pride and expertise which allows us to build a truly world-class product that exceeds customer expectations we bring relentless energy and drive to make sure that we deliver all the attention to detail all the hard work that the team does is really paying off when you're actually sitting in an aircraft you've built and you finally see the end product you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bmukiday: There are few upgrades from previous G7000, my assumption, the selling price will be around 80mioUSD
  2. @nuansaceria448: Apiiik maz brouw ... L I K E 👍

- Dassault Falcon 7X & 8X Operations | Insiders' Insights: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] can you tell me a little bit about the operations of the 7x and the 8x how does each one do on different flight lengths um what do their fuels burn like fuel burns are very similar um truth about it i don't think about it much because we just haven't done it yeah uh the um the a8x probably has another 500 nautical mile range it's got a three extra 3000 pounds of fuel available to it so it's um it's got a little more legs it's got a little more power uh again both i would i would kind of compare it to a maybe a bmw or a mercedes ones one's a 550 and wants the 550e or yeah you know something similar to that they're both very very similar aircraft they both have the side stick controller uh they're both easy cockpits they're just extraordinarily well designed airplanes but what the 7x started or needed to be improved upon after the pilot community got to fly for five or six years the 8x has accomplished that so that would be what i would say the ax built on the great foundation of the 7x are there any special skills needed to fly either plane no any any competent aviator can fly it i would say what you might be asking is what would make it easier to fly or or to really put a good bag of tricks together is it's a digitally driven airplane it is it is a computer driven airplane so you have to think of it in that fashion you're you're really operating the cockpit through the system versus operating or flying the airplane through your just your experience as an aviator so i've i've really spent almost the majority of my time on this easy platform and i'm still learning it it has so much to offer but it is definitely a very sophisticated way of operating an airplane so on the topic of different flight paths are there any important international operations to consider with the 7x or the 8x or any private aircraft in our present time well that i certainly can speak to having spent a lot of time in an international trip planning organization um yes to be specific to your question as it relates to the 7x or 8x no or any other corporate airplane uh any operator knows what their airplane's capable of so other than the capabilities of where you're going and what you need to accomplish uh the answer is no both both platforms are outstanding performers as it relates to international operations yes for the industry uh just the challenges of cobit alone right make very difficult to ensure that you have a fluid in a uneventful not transaction but experience i would say for your passengers and for your for your crew you have to be aware of the ever-changing environment and try to stay on top of it and work with those international trip providers and your the management companies you may operate within and whoever else you use to ensure that you've encompassed a 360 degree look at as to what the potential pitfalls are when you're traveling internationally and um pilots are trained to be pilots and flight crew are trained to be a crew but to keep up with the challenges of just cove it alone i would suggest due diligence several weeks in advance of any trap it's worth the extra money to work with a well-vetted international trip provider to make sure you have that backup to ensure a safe fluid transparent trip for your passengers and for yourselves okay and what about passenger perspective what should private travelers consider or know about the 7x or the 8x when it comes to travel operations are these aircrafts going to provide a good experience for them and how so i think a spectacular experience for for what the airplane provides you know three-inch an airplane especially a falcon has great performance it does it does uh high hot heavy destinations very very well it's capable with the falcon eye of of really increasing the safety of in and out of any airport during adverse weather conditions as long as you do the proper training so for that perspective from a operator or passenger perspective you're you're in the absolute most elegant and sophisticated airplane for what the missions are deemed doable by the passengers it gives you the tools to be able to really make safe decisions and when you're put in a situation where you wish you had a little bit more just to increase that safety the the hud and the falcon i do that for the owners so that's a great tool and then i would say from the back of the cabin it's a very quiet very comfortable riding airplane more so than i think people might even realize i mean i can have a conversation up front with the other captain and people in the back can hear us so sometimes we have to be very careful thanks so much for joining me tom we are always looking to hear from our other insiders if you own pilot manage finance maintain or insure aircraft we want to hear your insights visit wepushtin.com insider insights to submit what you love or hate about any aircraft

- Keeping ‘em Flying: Kind: captions Language: en joining me on stage here is Pauline Annan and she is pilot operations support representative at docile Falcon jet she also is a 2000 easy excuse me he acts easy second in command pilot and Paulina Annan is all about pilots let's talk a little bit about what you do for pilots well like you said it really is all about pilots in my team and it's a role that was created dedicated to support the pilots and those that turn left when they get on the aircraft so it's dedicated to supporting their operation from their perspective and as you know it - so we have a lot of great customer service avenues that are geared towards maintaining the aircraft and technical troubleshooting that really keeps the operation running however this particular team is focused on answering all of the additional questions they might have to understand how their aircraft is operating and system behavior and all of the additional technical design questions so you're a pilot and a huge aviation enthusiast to say the least what you have developed is not unlike what what Stan was talking about a partnership with the pilots explain how that works yeah so definitely say it's a partnership we're with them from the beginning I've I communicate with them even from sometimes before they take delivery of the aircraft I'll go visit them at their hangar and talk about tips and tricks or things they might be able to expect and then I'll see them again throughout training at seminars at events like this so that we build that connection and we really create that bridge between us as a manufacturer and the pilot so they can feel comfortable coming to us with any question or even feedback that they have to improve the product so you're kind of literally all over the map with pilots wherever pilots maybe you'll that's where you'll be helping them understand the systems and the complexities and it only gets more complexes as time goes on I don't imagine you have much of a typical day do you not really and my office often changes you know whether it be in the simulator supporting customer from the right seat or just playing on the aircraft in our hangar trying to understand it from their perspective and kind of figure things out on my own it's been quite a bit of time in the aircraft and as well traveling to visit them so much less time in the office but obviously there is some time there to answer the questions as well it seems as if your job in some sense is to explain you know the underlying design decisions sort of the deso philosophy the engineering philosophy to pilots you're kind of in the middle aren't you yes it's a it's definitely between the flying aspect but also sharing the passion behind the design of the aircraft and getting them to see it through hours perspective but also understanding their perspective collecting that feedback so we can then advocate for them both internally with our own design teams to make the product better down the road and prove our flight documentation but also externally whether that be advocating on behalf of you know the regulatory compliance side of things so anything to ensure their operation continues as smoothly as possible and that they enjoy flying the aircraft the way it was intended to be flown okay and you're reachable 24/7 365 will give out your home number later right sure all right Pauline and and thank you very much for being with us you know Pauline's good friend and fellow propeller head is the focus of our next piece we found him at da so service center in Wilmington Delaware which proves Wilmington is more than just Bank back offices and C corporations there's something else going on there - OHS facility there is pretty darn busy these days there's the biz jet market of course is on an uptick and there's a lot of modifications that are being worked on there either mandatory or optional why don't you meet the man who's at the center of making all these modifications work for the Falcon fleet [Music] engineered with passion much more than a slogan for Olivier long hard who showed me what he does when he's not at work for da so twice Turk I was thrilled to get an invitation to strap into the backseat of his 1988 aérospatiale Epsilon a former French Air Force trainers okay I'm ready are you ready I am ready let's go fly cool create killer T my video talks to and away three two we were early we departed from Wilmington Airport home to the largest Factory on Falcon service center in the Americas super get some fresh air sounds good a good place to air out the epsilon what do you love about flying this aircraft it's this is a sturdy mechanical military airplane way of Appeals - Oh Falcon Jets are every bit as Hardy and the facility back on terra firma is dedicated to the idea that you need a sturdy enterprise to ensure they stay that way this is hangar 3 be part of the hangar complex here and whelming everything from light minutes to complete overhaul - Oh Falcon Jets senior vice president for customer service is Jeff chick pretty much self-contained in Wilmington interior paint engine work we can do everything it's gonna come back and we're gonna add this service the work here is wide and varied performed with precision with an eye on the clock always the owners have places to go and our job here is to make sure that when the airplane has to come in for maintenance it goes out when it should as well perfection on the deadline you got to meet both goals the hangars here are brimming with a big flock of Falcons this past summer they had to staff up to meet the demand we're seeing people make decisions to overhaul their aircraft do avionics upgrades of course Internet connectivity is a big thing we have air traffic management mandates with deadlines at the end of 2019 which is really not that far off in aviation terms so all these things are coming together and a better economy and aircraft utilization is up as well on any given day there are 20 to 30 aircraft here removing all the lines the harnesses and I'm the arm to take it out the team spends a lot of time huddling to ensure the parts are all on hand you want to make sure that they are available in the right quantities when you need them so it really is all about the planning to ensure that our people who are committed to do a great job I have all that in hand and are there fingertips to make it a great success people like Olivier who is in charge of integrating all those mods into the Falcon fleet updating planes with the latest technology does it make you better at your job you think by being so connected aviation yeah there's a safe pursuit of excellence so the jittering aspect me how can I make this thing better reflects to what I do with the tank on scientifically make the aircraft more convenient was the operator more relevant for today's space needs a personal watt he is one small part of a veteran committed workforce among them people like Cady Mangini who has worked in the upholstery shop for 10 years I really enjoyed being able to take an aircraft that was older and out-of-date and be able to do the work and then see it put together and see the new finished product over in cabinetry you'll meet Vince lafay Xie refining his craft here now for 24 years every airplane has a customer on site be it the director of maintenance and sometimes even the owner comes by to check on the project progress so we have constant interaction with the customers all day long we're updating them to our status any challenges we have anything we're doing to mitigate the challenges aviation is all about mitigating challenges it's why we're wearing parachutes on the epsilon all right show me what it's got there we go go get some speed there go vertical to the forum Olivier is constantly modifying his aircraft when we flew he was a week away from racing it at Reena all of this makes him the perfect guy to increase the performance and capability of Falcon business jets at the core of it one of the greatest value we are with the Falcon is the joy you are flying a falcon I know it's a corporate airplane I know it's made for the cabin it's wait for the pride support at the back but there's the night quality i/o of aerodynamics 42,000 pilots love flying it really helped me make connections with customers break the ice sometimes it's a shared passion okay true confessions that was just an excuse for me to get in the plane with Olivier right Olivier welcome welcome we're glad we're glad you cheated death in Reno as it were tell us about Reno how was it it was it was amazing a great privilege to be invited to go there and actually a great successful team we I have a military trainer so it's not a proposed bill tracer and I was expecting to be about the the slowest airplane on the field and at the end of four days of racing I finished 32 out of 36 so pretty happy with the results so there's a victory right there it's all way you set the bar so would you call it fun or frightening or both I guess both but frightening is not the best way to describe it it's definitely fun it's extremely intense a huge sensory overload a lot of tasks to do I'm very glad to have a team to help me get the aircraft prepared attend all the briefings and just be there the right time at the right place the team of people you're surrounded with the pilots the crew is just amazing people like 40 pilots over there and all great people it's interesting it's it's a heated competition and yet there's a great sense of collaboration isn't there it is yeah it's the competition starts on the track but on the pits when everybody's got an issue everybody's working to help each other I'll give you a good example the force fastest aircraft needed to do some gear attraction test the third-fastest up the jacks they were right over and and they were helping out with a test they could easily have withdraw the equipment and say now you're on your own and they they would have gone faster bypassing the other guy but not everybody's here to help each other give us a few thoughts on how your your avocation here in this case racing airplanes and modifying your epsilon how that intersects with your vocation working at des Eaux and and making sure that the Falcon fleet is up to date it's it's about them up to my in the aircraft I find to my flying experience that you know sometimes you feel like oh I need another airplane but there's so much you can do with the airplane your own to improve it to function it for your mission so in the case of my aircraft what I'm trying to do is go faster obviously for racing and with all the efforts like you can see my quit taping the seams and everything we were able to get the aircraft a little faster than the original specs which really helped us on on on racing in Reno and you can apply the same philosophy to any Falcon you take an airplane built in the late 90s and you defined what the mission is for today being to go transatlantic have access to the to the latest airspace with complain to all the mandates or to have a domestic aircraft but you have a big need for communication system install the satcoms you can definitely take the aircraft you own find you need for your mission and we offer the solutions for that tell me a little bit specifically I know you're very busy with the 900 series making that fleet shiny new kind of giving it a new lease on life if you will what what are you doing with the 900 series to make it state-of-the-art so the biggest success has been the 900 CE and 900 DX classic we've been able to offer a series of STC's that improved the aircraft from nose to tail if you look at mandate compliance we were able with the le to program to offer worst gps LTV approach FMS ideas be out complaining transponders and museum use for fans compliance so that's the cockpit mandate and even LCD displays and we'll have by January next year the synthetic vision just like on the new Falcons on the C NEX but also we are having solutions for the cabin so we just certified the cabins comm which is a compatible with Falcon Connect and we've had great success with the goggle having some fine-ass disease so being a satellite-based communication system or air-to-ground communication systems all the latest technology is available to any Falcon alright well keep at it and stay focused on the task at hand for Reno and I'm coming out with you next year I want to see that what absurd yeah alright congratulations on all your success both with DES oh and also flying for yourself it's a great accomplishment to do Reno thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HawaKindo: Yes❤
  2. @ADAMKINDO: Ok
  3. @alikindo5819: Top❤
  4. @AboulayeKamagate-j4d: ❤
  5. @ADAMKINDO: Yesss❤❤❤
  6. @ZeinabKindo-in7gi: 😘😘😘😘
  7. @HawaKindo: Top❤
  8. @alikindo5819: ❤❤❤
  9. @kellingtonlink956: Seen before.   Still breathtaking.   Another well thought out and edited video.  Thanks.

- FCAS Ceremony - Dassault Aviation: Kind: captions Language: en just a few words to welcome you thank you for coming to the ceremony we've taken certain provisions and thanks to our joint contracts that Mr Bernard gry and myself going to submit here to our industrial Partners this marks the launching of the feasibility phase of the project which is going to last two years and will represent an investment of a total of 150 million EUR 120 million pounds the industrial work is placed under the EES of dusto Aviation and ba systems and will bring together Talis select saffron and rollsroyce it is a true partnership technological partnership between between France and Great Britain the technological Excellence of our military aeronautical industry must be maintained over the long term and this is something that we want to maintain is the question of sovereignty and operational superiority it's a great privilege to be here at this event at this very important time for the development of cooperation between France and the United Kingdom L and myself have worked together in close collaboration to reach this stage of the fcas project it is of strategic importance for our two countries it's been a great pleasure to work with him and his team on all these projects and we are delighted to work on fcas with our industrial Partners since the announcement of this project in Bryce Norton in January which signs the birth of our Franco British collaboration we have quickly reached this point where we have actually reached today it's a great joy and honor for me to uh be here at this ceremony where we are launching the feasibility phase of the FCA as here in s clue which is quite emblematic for the French uh combat Aeronautics uh industry our industry is strategic when it comes to sovereignty when it comes to to uh operations and technology and that is why our two countries the UK and France have been uh showing in the wake of the Lancaster house and Bryce Norton agreements their ambition and their will to continue to work together in developing fighter Aeronautics in the next two years we shall set up the foundations of cooperation together we'll work on defining the capabilities of future uast the key technologies that will have to be integrated in terms of stealth aerodynamics secur data U onboard weapon Bay and so on we're going to have to make compromises between what is possible and what is advisable in order to offer our Arm Forces the best possible solutions this feasibility stage the first stone can only make sense if it is the first step in a process which will lead to the launch of a program which is why tomorrow we have to start preparing for the next step a ucast demonstrator of Franco British ucast this feasibility stage is extremely important phase in our strategy for preparing the future by launching such a phase we are um allowing French and British uh Enterprises to keep their Excellence their technological Excellence which is vital for their competitiveness in a global competitive landscape and uh France and Great Britain uh have the ambition of remaining aeronautic Powers worldwide thank you it is within this framework that the sign signature of this contract today marks another important step in our collaboration with doo Aviation during which we will map out for our two governments the way forward in the joint development of unmanned combat air vehicle Concepts and Technologies the work the two companies have already done over the past three years has shown that we are a good fit together we have a shared Heritage in the design development and manufacturer of combat aircraft we have a complimentary set of skills and capabilities and we have a common outlook on how our future strategies for unman combat air systems can be align and the future offers great opportunities for The Wider supply chain in both the UK and France both of which possess enormous capability thank you e

- Exploring the Falcon 7X & 8X: How Dassault Defines High-End Aviation: Kind: captions Language: en The Dissult Falcon 7X and 8X are two of the most advanced and luxurious business jets in the world. Combining DALT Aviation's military-grade engineering with high-end comfort, these jets redefine private aviation with their innovative trienine design, extended range, and cuttingedge avionics, making them a top choice for business leaders and governments. In this video, we'll explore how the 7X revolutionized business aviation and how the 8X pushed the boundaries even further with better performance, a refined cabin, and improved efficiency. From their powerful PW engines to their ultra luxurious interiors, we'll break down what sets these jets apart and why they remain some of the best private aircraft available today. Give Luxo Life some love and let's get started. The evolution of the Falcon series. The first assault Falcon 7X and 8X didn't just appear out of nowhere. They evolved from a long legacy of innovation in business aviation. Before these jets took center stage, the Falcon 900 was Dissult's top business aircraft. It was a solid performer. But as technology advanced and competition from Bombardier and Gulfream grew stronger, it became clear that Dissult needed something more powerful, more efficient, and with better range. The Falcon 900 had served its purpose. But to stay ahead, DEALT had to push forward with a game-changing upgrade. That upgrade came in 2001 with the Falcon 7X, a jet that redefined what a private business aircraft could do. This wasn't just an improved Falcon 900. It was an entirely new aircraft. The 7X introduced a flybywire control system, something usually found in fighter jets, making it more precise and safer to fly. It also had a longer range, a more spacious cabin, and improved aerodynamics. Dissult took its expertise in military aviation and applied it to the world of luxury travel, and the results were outstanding. By 2010, over a 100 Falcon 7X jets had been delivered, proving that DEALT had made the right move. But DEALT didn't stop there. In 2014, they unveiled the Falcon 8X, taking everything great about the 7X and making it even better. The 8X had a longer range, meaning it could fly farther without refueling, making it ideal for long haul business travel. The cabin was redesigned for more comfort, better soundproofing, and upgraded luxury features. And the aircraft itself was more fuelefficient without sacrificing performance. It wasn't just a minor upgrade. It was a major leap forward that solidified DELT's place at the top of the private jet industry. Design and performance comparison. Falcon 7X versus Falcon 8X. When it comes to design and performance comparison, Falcon 7X versus Falcon 8X may look similar at first glance, but Dissult made some key changes to take the 8X to the next level. Both jets share the sleek aerodynamic look that defines the Falcon series. But the 8X is slightly longer at 24.46 m compared to the 7X's 23.38 m. This extra length gives the 8X more cabin space and improves stability in flight. Dissult also fine-tuned the wing design, making the 8X's wings even more efficient, reducing drag for better fuel economy and smoother handling. These upgrades make the 8X not just an improvement, it's a smarter, more capable aircraft. A standout feature of both jets is the three engine configuration. Something you don't see often in business jets today. While many manufacturers have moved to twin engine setups, the Salt stuck with three engines for a reason. The trijet layout allows for shorter takeoff distances, making it easier to operate from challenging airports with shorter runways. It also provides an extra layer of safety over long flights, especially when crossing vast oceans or remote areas. This setup isn't just about nostalgia. It gives the 7X and 8X a real operational advantage that twin engine competitors can't match. Beyond design, performance is where the Falcon 8X takes the lead. Thanks to its upgraded engines and aerodynamic improvements, the 8X can fly farther. 11,945 km compared to the 7X's 11,019 km. That extra range means fewer fuel stops and more direct flights, which is a huge advantage for business travelers who value efficiency. The 8X is also slightly faster, reaching speeds of Mach 0.90 compared to the 7X's Mach0.87. It might not seem like a huge difference, but in private aviation, every bit of extra speed and efficiency counts. The power behind the performance. PW300 engines. Now, let's talk about what keeps the Falcon 7X and 8X soaring. their Pratt and Whitney PW37 engines. Dissult had plenty of options when choosing an engine, but they went with the PW37 series for a reason. These engines offer a perfect balance of power, efficiency, and reliability, making them an ideal choice for long haul business jets. The 7X is equipped with PW37A engines, while the 8X features upgraded PW37D engines, giving it more thrust and better fuel efficiency. DALT wanted an engine that could deliver strong performance while keeping operating costs low, and Pratt and Whitney delivered. One of the biggest advantages of the PW37D engines in the Falcon 8X is fuel efficiency. Compared to the 7X, the 8X consumes less fuel thanks to its improved aerodynamics and engine refinements. This means lower operating costs and a longer range without needing extra fuel stops. With a maximum range of 11,945 km, the Falcon 8X can handle long haul flights with ease, making it a top choice for executives and world leaders who need to travel efficiently. Less fuel burn also means a smaller carbon footprint, which is an increasingly important factor in modern aviation. The PW37 engines also improve operational flexibility, giving both the Falcon 7X and 8X the ability to take off from shorter runways and challenging airports. Their three engine configuration provides extra security during long oceanic flights, reducing restrictions on where these jets can operate. Whether it's a high alitude airport, a shorter private airirstrip, or a remote destination, the PW37 powered Falcons can handle it all. This flexibility is a huge advantage over twin engine competitors, making the Salts Falcons some of the most versatile private jets on the market. Luxury and comfort. Inside the Falcon 7X and 8X. The comfort inside the Falcon 7X and 8X is what truly sets these jets apart. Dissult didn't just focus on performance. They made sure passengers travel in absolute luxury. Both jets have a spacious, customizable cabin, but the Falcon 8X takes it a step further. Thanks to its longer fuselage, the 8X offers more layout options, including additional seating, a larger dining area, or even a private office. Every detail inside is designed for comfort, productivity, and relaxation, making these jets feel more like a luxury penthouse in the sky rather than just an aircraft. One of the biggest improvements in the Falcon 8X cabin is sound insulation. Dissult worked hard to make the 8X one of the quietest private jets in the world, allowing passengers to relax, work, or sleep undisturbed. The cabin is also pressurized at a lower altitude, which helps reduce fatigue on long flights. Whether you're flying for a few hours or crossing the ocean, the experience inside the 8X is smoother, quieter, and more comfortable than ever. For entertainment, the Sky Lounge multimedia system takes the experience to another level. This high-end system gives passengers full control over in-flight entertainment, lighting, and climate settings. all from their personal devices. Whether you want to watch a movie, attend a video conference, or adjust the mood lighting, everything is at your fingertips. And if luxury is your priority, the Falcon 8X offers something rare in private jets. A full bathroom with a vertical shower, ensuring you arrive at your destination feeling completely refreshed. The cockpit, advanced avionics, and flybywire technology. When it comes to the cockpit of the Falcon 7X and 8X, Bissalt built an advanced control center that gives pilots unmatched precision and efficiency. One of the standout features is the flybywire system, a technology originally developed for fighter jets. Unlike traditional mechanical controls, flybywire replaces manual inputs with electronic signals, making the aircraft smoother, more responsive, and safer to fly. Dissult was the first to introduce this technology in a business jet with the Falcon 7X, and the 8X refineses it even further, giving pilots more control with less effort. A key part of the Falcon 8X cockpit is its large panoramic windows designed to improve visibility and situational awareness. Whether flying at night, through bad weather, or into challenging airports, pilots get a clearer, more natural view of their surroundings. This design not only enhances safety but also reduces fatigue, making long haul flights easier to manage. Combined with an ergonomic layout and touchscreen displays, the cockpit ensures that pilots have everything they need at their fingertips for a smooth and efficient flight. Automation also plays a huge role in the Falcon 7X and 8X. These jets are packed with advanced avionics and safety systems that assist pilots in navigation, weather monitoring, and fuel management. The Falconiz system, for example, offers enhanced vision technology, allowing pilots to see clearly in low visibility conditions. With intelligent automation handling routine tasks, pilots can focus on what matters most, delivering a safe and seamless flight experience. The Falcon 7X and 8X prove why Dissult remains a leader in high-end aviation. Combining performance, efficiency, and luxury in a way few jets can match. While the 7X revolutionized business aviation, the 8X takes it even further with better range, fuel efficiency, and a refined cabin experience. But now, we want to hear from you. Would you choose the Falcon 7X or the Falcon 8X? Drop your thoughts in the comments. If you enjoyed this video, give it a like, share it with fellow Luxo lovers, and don't forget to subscribe to Luxo Life for more luxury aviation content. Hit that notification bell so you never miss an update. See you in the next video. Luxo lovers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JetWrenchFEX: Can AI please pass me da salt? I already have da peppa.
  2. @thomasr3972: Nice job on the review. Just to note: the company name is pronounced dass-oh. There were several shots of non-Falcon aircraft, so not sure why you would show them.
  3. @zako789: very good 🎉
  4. @KorirDesmond: Dassault truly sets the gold standard in private aviation. The Falcon 7X and 8X are not just jets they’re flying masterpieces of engineering, luxury, and innovation. This video does a fantastic job showcasing the precision and passion behind every detail. Absolute aviation excellence!
  5. @damian6169: Son aviones muy sofisticados y lujosos. Su tecnologia es de primera calidad. Muy buen video.
  6. @BsTennyson: It's beyond luxury ,the greatest aviation 🔥❤Falcon 7X truly is the best jet .
  7. @BsTennyson: It's beyond luxury ,the greatest aviation 🔥❤Falcon 7X truly is the best jet .
  8. @BsTennyson: It's beyond luxury ,the greatest aviation 🔥❤Falcon 7X truly is the best jet .
  9. @BsTennyson: It's beyond luxury ,the greatest aviation 🔥❤Falcon 7X truly is the best jet .
  10. @BsTennyson: It's beyond luxury ,the greatest aviation 🔥❤Falcon 7X truly is the best jet .
  11. @mweck-hu3tt: I'm gonna own a private jet one day
  12. @RizzaAling: An amazing look into the Falcon 7X and 8X—this exploration highlights how Dassault seamlessly blends luxury, performance, and cutting-edge technology to set the standard in high-end aviation. Nice, great
  13. @animalandpetauratv: The Falcon 7X and 8X are truly masterpieces of aviation engineering! Loved seeing the side-by-side comparison—both jets offer incredible range, luxury, and performance. This was a fascinating breakdown of what sets them apart!
  14. @k-lyrics5685: Absolutely fascinating look at the Falcon 7X & 8X! Dassault really knows how to blend luxury, performance, and innovation in aviation. The attention to detail and advanced tech in these jets is just next-level. Great breakdown—this is what high-end aviation is all about!
  15. @EricaPascual-s7e: Really enjoyed this video! The Falcon 7X and 8X are true masterpieces in aviation. It’s incredible to see how Dassault combines cutting-edge technology with unmatched comfort.
  16. @ChakyTane: The blend of cutting-edge engineering and luxury design is insane. Makes you appreciate how far private aviation has come!
  17. @Ijustwant2be_happy: The Falcon 7X is an incredible aircraft, boasting a sleek design, extended range, and luxurious in-flight experience.
  18. @DembergueNunes_: The blend of performance, range, and comfort is simply unmatched
  19. @aminarebecca6966: "Dassault’s engineering truly stands out in the Falcon 7X and 8X — from the trijet design to the digital flight controls, it’s clear they’ve prioritized both performance and passenger experience
  20. @IsaiasAlbertoCaripe: Now this is how luxury aviation should be done. Hats off to Dassault

- The Real Cost of Owning a Gulfstream G650: Kind: captions Language: en welcome Aviation Enthusiast today we're soaring into the luxurious world of private Aviation to uncover the true cost of owning the iconic GF stream G650 knowing for its Sleek design cuttingedge performance and unparalleled Comfort this jet is a favorite among billionaires world leaders and celebrities however behind its Allure lies a significant financial commitment from the $65 million purchase price to substantial operating costs whether used for business or leisure the G650 defines ultimate luxury while demanding a serious investment in this video we'll break down everything you need to know about owning the golfstream G650 from its jaw-dropping range and speed to financing options and ongoing expenses we'll give you a comprehensive look at what it takes to own this Aviation Masterpiece so buckle up as we explore the real story of the golfstream G650 owning a Gulfstream G650 starts with a hefty price t which typically sits around $65 million for the base model this price represents cuttingedge technology and worldclass design of the aircraft the Gulf Stream G650 is known for its incredible performance capabilities luxurious interiors and advanced avionic systems all of which contribute to the high cost for those opting for the extended range version The Gulfstream G650 ER the price Rises to approximately $70 million adding further capabil ility for lawn haul flights with no refueling stops one of the defining aspects of the global G650 is its customization potential as with most high-end private jets the interior can be tailored to meet the exact preferences of the owner whether you want luxurious private State rooms expansive dining areas or an entertainment lounge with cuttingedge media systems the G650 can accommodate your every desire the customization process is where the price can increase substantially premium materials such as fine leather custom wood veneers and high-end Fabrics are standard in many high-end designs and these luxurious touches can easily increase the price by several million dollar in addition to the base price potential owners must also account for taxes registration fees and delivery costs in the US aircraft sales tax varies by state with rates generally ranging from 5 to 10% this means that the total cost of purchasing the G650 can easily exceed the B price adding another several million dollars to the final bill furthermore depending on the location from which the jet is being delivered shipping and handling charges can be significant especially if the aircraft has to be transported across oceans aside from these upfront costs the ownership of a G650 also means assuming responsibility for ongoing fees associated with the aircraft's maintenance crew hanger storage and other operating expenses many owners choose to purchase additional Insurance to protect their investment while these costs can vary they contribute to the overall Financial commitment of owning a Gulf Stream G650 for those not looking to commit to full ownership fractional ownership is a viable option programs like netjets or flexjet allow buyers to purchase a share in a jet with options for shares as small as 1/16th these shares typically start at around $1 million with ongoing monthly and hourly costs that can make private jet ownership more accessible while fractional ownership allows for access to a luxury aircraft it comes with its own set of considerations including limited flight hours shared usage and higher hourly rates owning a Gulfstream G650 goes far beyond the initial purchase price with significant annual operating costs that reflect its high performance standards and luxury features these costs can be broken down into two categories fixed costs and variable costs fixed costs are those that remain constant no matter how much the jet is flown while variable costs fluctu based on the amount of usage fixed costs for a Gulf Stream G650 include Cruise salaries Insurance hanger fees and ongoing training for the flight crew the salary for a pilot or flight crew can range from $200 to $400,000 annually depending on their experience and the size of the crew these costs can be higher if you employ additional flight attendants or other staff to manage the aircraft hanger fees also represent a significant fixed cost ranging between $100 and $300,000 per year the price depends on the location of the hanger and whether the jet is kept in a private facility or at an airport with premium Services insurance for the Gulf Stream G650 is another necessary fixed expense and can run anywhere from $150 to $500,000 per year depending on the type of coverage the insurance company and the owner's history with Aviation given the value of the jet owners want to ensure comprehensive insurance that covers both liability and potential damage to the aircraft itself compreh hands of coverage ensures that the owner is protected in the event of accidents mechanical failure or environmental damage on the other hand variable costs are those that depend on how often the jet is flown one of the largest variable expenses is fuel The Gulfstream G650 Burns around 500 gallons of jet fuel per hour with fuel prices averaging $5 per gallon a 10-hour flight can cost upwards of $25,000 in fuel alone longer flights and heavier loads can increase fuel consumption making it important for owners to calculate potential fuel costs before planning their travel maintenance costs for the G650 are substantial as well with owners needing to budget for regular inspections engine overhauls and the replacement of Parts such as Tires and Brakes routine maintenance checks can range from 50 to $200,000 per year depending on the frequency of use and the type of service required additionally The Gulfstream G650 requires a major overhaul every 3,000 flight hours which can cost anywhere from 1 to to $2 million for a full inspection repairs and Replacements other variable costs include landing and parking fees catering and crew accommodations all of which can add up quickly for frequent Travelers The Gulfstream G650 is a pinnacle of performance designed for those who demand excellence in speed range and altitude with a maximum range of 7,000 nautical miles it effortlessly connects distant Global destinations routes like New York to Hong Kong or Los Angeles to London are within its reach allowing passengers to travel non-stop without refueling this unparalleled range offers convenience and efficiency particularly for Business Leaders and high net worth individuals with international travel needs speed is another standout feature of the golfstream G650 capable of cruising at Mach 0.925 or approximately 710 mph it ranks among the fastest private jets available this speed significantly reduces travel time with Coast to Coast flights across the US taking Just 4 to 5 hours for owners with packed schedules the ability to minimize time and Transit is a crucial Advantage making the G650 an invaluable asset for both business and Leisure flying at high altitudes is another Hallmark of the gstream G650 with a service ceiling of 51,000 Ft it Soares above most commercial air traffic avoiding delays and turbulence that often occur at lower altitudes this capability enhances the flight experience with smoother rides and greater fuel fuel efficiency the thin air at higher altitudes reduce drag while the ability to access favorable wind currents adds to its impressive performance efficiency is a key aspect of the G650 design Advanced Wing aerodynamics lightweight composite materials and the state-of-the-art Rolls-Royce BR 725 engines contribute to exceptional fuel efficiency despite its size and power it remains coste effective in the long run setting a high standard for operational performance combining speed range and efficiency the golfstream G650 is the ultimate choice for those seeking top tier Aviation capabilities inside the GF stream G650 you'll find a world of luxury and comfort the cabin measures over 46 ft in length and stands at 6.5 ft in height offering a spacious and comfortable environment for passengers whether you're flying for business or Leisure the interior is designed to cater to your every need with customizable layouts the G650 can be configured with private State rooms dining areas entertainment lounges or full conference rooms depending on the owner's preference the craftsmanship inside the cabin is nothing short of spectacular golfstream offers an extensive range of luxurious materials to personalize the interior from plush leather seating to elegant wood veneers and marble countertops every detail is carefully selected to enhance the flying experience owners can choose from a variety of color schemes textures and finishes to make the cabin truly their own the combination of high-end materials and expert craftsmanship creates an atmosphere that feels more like a private mansion in the sky than a jet one of the standout features of the Gulfstream G650 is its panoramic Windows which are the largest in the industry these oversized Windows not only offer incredible views of the world but also flood the cabin with natural light creating a sense of openness and Tranquility with 16 Windows positioned strategically throughout the cabin passengers are traded to views that are simply unparalleled in the world of aviation in addition to the aesthetic luxury the G650 technology is equally impressive the cabin is equipped with the latest inflight Entertainment Systems including satellite internet wireless streaming and HD televisions passengers can remain connected with the outside world via high-speed internet or enjoy movies music and video conferencing from the comfort of their seat touchscreen controls throughout the cabin allow passengers to adjust lighting temperature and entertainment options with ease The Gulfstream G650 is also known for its quiet cabin thanks to Advanced noise dampening technology the jet is one of the quietest in its class this makes for a peaceful and relaxing experience whether you're preparing for an important business meeting or simply unwinding during the lawn flight together with its spacious design and high-tech amenities the golf stream G650 creates a flying experience like no other financing a GF stream G650 with a $65 million price tag might seem Dawn but various options can make ownership more attainable a traditional loan is a popular approach typically requiring a 20% down payment about $13 million for a G650 loan terms often range from 10 to 15 years with interest rates between 3 and 6% this structure breaks the cost into manageable payments though the long-term Financial commitment remains significant leasing offers another pathway particularly for those reluctant to take on full ownership operating leases allow individuals or business to use the aircraft for a specified period often including maintenance and operational costs in the lease agreement this can simplify the process especially for first-time buyers or companies with varying travel demands while avoiding the full financial burden of ownership fractional ownership has grown in popularity as a more affordable alternative to full ownership programs like netjets and flexjet let buyers purchase a share of a Gulfstream G650 with a 11/16th share typically starting at $2 million while owners also pay monthly management fees and hourly usage rates this model provides the benefits of private jet access without the substantial upfront investment for occasional private Aviation needs jet card memberships and On Demand Charters are highly flexible options jet cards provide a set number of flying hours ideal for individuals who only need private jet services for limited trips on demand Charters offer the ultimate flexibility allowing users to rent a Jet as needed without any long-term Financial commit M ments The Gulfstream G650 is designed to stand the test of time built with high quality materials and cuttingedge Technology the G650 has a life cycle that can extend well beyond 30 years with proper care and maintenance like any luxury asset however the jet requires regular inspections maintenance and occasional upgrades to maintain its performance and value regularly scheduled service checks are essential to ensure the jet stays in top condition and this can become a significant cost as the aircraft ages maintenance costs are significant throughout the life of the Jet and owners should budget for major overhauls every few thousand hours these inspections are designed to address any wear and tear check the engines and ensure that all avionics and systems are operating efficiently the cost of a major overhaul can range from1 to $2 million depending on the scope of the work one of the key features of the Gulfstream G650 is its ability to maintain a high resale value due to its exceptional performance luxury status and reputation for reliability The Gulfstream G650 holds its value well over time as a result owners can often sell or trade in their jet for a substantial amount of the original investment the high demand for pre-owned Gulf Stream Jets ensure that the G650 remain a desirable asset in the secondary Market even as newer models are introduced upgrades are another way that owners can extend the life of their Gulfstream G650 as new technology and features are developed owners may choose to retrofit their jets with the latest systems whether it's inflight entertainment navigation tools or avionics these upgrades not only keep the jet competitive in the market but also improve its performance and resale value for those who take good care of their Gulfstream G650 it can remain an invaluable asset for decades whether the jet is used for personal travel business or even as a luxury Charter aircraft the life cycle of the G650 is long and rewarding while The Upfront costs are significant the long-term value it provides makes it a worthwhile investment for those who can afford it the Gulf Stream G650 is more than a private jet it's a symbol of luxury Innovation and the ultimate in personal freedom from its impressive range and speed to its meticulously crafted interior the G650 redefines what it means to travel in style while the costs of ownership from the initial purchase price to ongoing operating expenses are significant they reflect the unparalleled capabilities and exclusivity of this iconic aircraft whether used for business Leisure or a combination of both the G650 offers an unmatched experience that elevates travel to an art form owning one is not just a financial investment but an investment in time comfort and the ability to connect the world like never before

  Top Comments:
  1. @diggy-d8w [1 likes]: As I listen to CO$Ts for all of this I can't help but thinking about the commercial airlines.... lol,  they can not possibly pay the huge
costs & ever sell enough tickets to pay off the aircraft.  That said,  I can see a Conglomerate owning an airline to "Write Off" their
huge profits in their other Corporations?  They get a write-off against taxes & lots of paid for air travel of their employee's .  Other
than that,  I know you guys will accept my personal check?  peace
  2. @ScottLara: Great video!!! Ty!!

- Insiders Reveal: The True Costs of Living the Gulfstream G650 Life: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to how to spend it your Premier destination for detailed aircraft reviews from specs to ownership costs we've got your flight interest covered if you want to support this Channel please consider clicking on the join button below let's soar into today's review in the exclusive world of private Aviation The Gulfstream G650 stands out as a symbol of prestige power and opulence but beneath the Sleek exterior and the luxurious cabin what does it genuinely cost to life the G650 l let's uncover the secrets insiders talk about and understand the financial commitment behind owning this Airborne Marvel entering the world of private Aviation via the Gulfstream G650 is no small Financial commitment the acquisition cost encapsulates a range of expenses that go beyond just the sticker price let's delve deeper into the Myriad costs associated with acquiring this Airborne Marvel the GF stream G650 starting price hovers between $65 and $70 million but this isn't the final price tag the base price essentially covers the aircraft with its standard features basic Interiors standard avionics and no additional modifications customizing a G650 isn't merely about personal Aesthetics it's also about functionality luxury and creating a unique Airborne environment tailored to the owner's needs while the base model comes with a luxurious interior owners often opt for bespoke interiors that mirror their personal style customer leather seats designer fixtures Heartwood veneers and tailored lighting can push the price up by $3 to5 million a custom exterior paint job especially one that uses premium long- lasting Aviation paints or features intricate designs can add another $2,000 to1 million to the cost before the G650 is ready to fly off into its new owner hands there are pre- delivery considerations that come with their own price tags pre- buby inspections although not mandatory are advised advisable these inspections ensure the aircraft is in the promised condition and meets all specifications this process can cost anywhere from $50,000 to $150,000 gstream offers training for Pilots crew and maintenance staff as part of the acquisition process while some training might be included Advanced or extended training moduls can add $ 100,000 to $300,000 to the acquisition costs it's not uncommon for buyers to finance their g600 50 purchase either through loans or leasing structures while this spreads out the financial burden it also adds interest costs to the acquisition on a $65 million loan at a 4% interest rate over 5 years the buyer would be looking at an additional $5.2 million in interest alone furthermore like any new vehicle once the G650 is purchased and starts its life in the skies it faces immediate depreciation in the first year this can be up to 10% of its value translating to a potential loss of $6.5 to7 million on paper in totality the true acquisition cost of The Gulfstream G650 when all is said and done can be significantly higher than its base price a buyer might end up spending anywhere between 75 to $90 million or even more when all customization pre- delivery costs warranties and other Associated expenses are factored in beyond the initial purchase owning the Gulf Stream g600 50 presents a suite of recurring operational costs every flat hour every nautical mile and even every stationary moment at The Hanger comes with an Associated price tag let's break down these costs to understand the financial implications of operating the G650 the G650 posts a fuel efficiency of about 500 Gall per hour with jet fuel prices fluctuating but averaging between $4 and $7 per gallon the fuel cost for one flight hour can range from 2,000 to $3,500 if an owner flies the G650 for 250 hours annually they would consume approximately 125,000 gallons of fuel leading to an annual fuel expenditure of 5,800 75,000 a season G650 Captain might earn a salary ranging from $150,000 to $250,000 while a first officer or co-pilot might command 80,000 to 100 $220,000 annually if the owner opts for a dedicated flight attendant for enhanced onboard service this can add another 50,000 to $80,000 per year in salary regular training and recertifications for the crew are essential the cost associated with simulator sessions exams and recurrent training moduls can amount to $30,000 to $60,000 per crew member annually the G650 requires periodic checks and maintenance aligning with Aviation regulations and ensuring the aircraft remains in Peak condition this can range from $400,000 to $700,000 annually unexpected repairs component Replacements or system upgrades can pop up owners should allocate a buffer of 100,000 to $300,000 annually for such contingencies depending on the location and the facilities of the hanger monthly fees can range from $5,000 to $20,000 in Prime locations or airports with limited space this cost could be on the higher end summing up to $60,000 to $240,000 annually equipment for ground handling deicing and other services can add another $50,000 to $100,000 annually depending on usage and location comprehensive insurance for an aircraft like the G650 considering its value and operational Dynamics can range between $ 150,000 to $350,000 annually factors like the regions of operation aircraft age and pilot experience experience can affect these premiums depending on flight routes and the countries the G650 operates in navigation overflight and Landing fees can accumulate these can average $ 100,000 to $250,000 annually for frequent flyers high quality in Flight dining refreshments and amenities can rack up substantial bills for an owner keen on providing the best for passengers this might be an additional $50,000 to $150,000 annually in conclusion the operational landscape of The Gulfstream G650 live is dotted with recurring expenses that extend beyond just Fuel and maintenance when all is accounted for an owner might be looking at annual operating costs in the ballpark of 1.5 to $2.8 million when it comes to Super luxury assets like The Gulfstream G650 the financial path isn't merely about the immediate purchase price instead the journey is riddled with intricate aspects like financing mechanisms and the inevitable appreciation both of which profoundly influence the cost of ownership over time while some buyers have the liquidity to make an outright purchase this method is less common however the advantage here is avoiding interest rates and having complete ownership from day one many buyers opt for financing through secured Aviation loans with interest rates varying but averaging between 3 to 6% annually the financial Dynamics change for a $65 million G650 with a 20% down payment $13 million up front the financing amount becomes $52 million over a standard 10-year loan period at an average interest rate of 4.5% the total interest paid would be around $1.7 million this means the total loan amount repaid would be approximately monthly lease rates can range between 0.8 to 1.2% of the aircraft's value translating to 520,000 to 780,000 per month or 6.24 to 9.36 million annually in many jurisdictions aircraft owners can benefit from tax depreciation for example under specific us tax codes aircraft used for business purposes might qualify for bonus depreciation in the first year leading to substantial tax savings depending on the region or country of registration owners might have to pay a one-time sales tax or VAT on the purchase price which can significantly influence the effective acquisition cost like any luxury asset the G650 faces an immediate depreciation once acquired typically in the first year this could be around 10 to 15% of its value which equates to a decline of 6.5 to 9.75 million on a $65 million purchase price subsequent years C a more stabilized but continuous depreciation on average the G650 might see an annual depreciation of 5 to 8% by the end of year five the aircraft might retain about 60 to 70% of its original value owning a GF stream G650 is not just about possessing an aircraft it's an embodiment of an elite lifestyle one characterized by luxury Prestige and unparalleled experiences both in the sky and on the ground while the G650 offers a unique Airborne experience complimenting this journey with a high-end Lifestyle on the ground can add significantly to the annual expenses let's unpack these costs when you own a G650 you're not just munching on regular airplane food gourmet meals premium wines and luxury snacks are the norms for a single international flight catering costs can range from $1,000 to $5,000 depending on the menu for someone flying 50 times a year this could total 50,000 to 200 $150,000 highquality bed linens designer toiletries and luxury amenities can add to the onboard experience replenishing and upgrading these items can cost anywhere from $10,000 to $50,000 annually many G650 owners prefer seamless transitions from jet to destination this often means luxury car or helicopter transfers depending on location and frequency this could cost $ 100,000 to $500,000 annually expedited Customs exclusive airport lounges and personal coner Services can rack up a bill of $50,000 to $200,000 a year many jet owners travel with personal assistant bodyguards or other staff this means additional tickets accommodations and per DMS the associated costs can range from $100,000 to $1 million annually depending on staff size and compensation the Jet Set life often includes attending high-profile events from movie premieres to exclusive sub Galas participating in or even hosting such events can set one back by $200,000 to $2 million a year when traveling G650 owners typically stay in Suites of luxury hotels or own multiple properties worldwide while property costs are a separate consideration hotel stays can add up to $50,000 to $500,000 annually depending on frequency and choice of accommodation whether it's a private Safari in Africa aach Charter the Mediterranean or a skiing trip in the Alps created experiences are part of the lifestyle these can range from $1 100,000 to $1 million annually jet Setters often maintain a certain appearance investing in designer wardrobes accessories and personal shoppers this can range from 50,000 to $1 million a year private yoga sessions personal trainers spa treatments and health Retreats are often integrated into the lifestyle costing anywhere from $2,000 to $200,000 annually the G650 lifestyle is not merely about the flight it's about a ballistic experience that blends luxury comfort and exclusivity while the jet provides a means to travel the associated lifestyle costs ensure the journey both in the air and on the ground is nothing short of spectacular depending on individual choices and preferences a g600 n50 owner can expect to spend anywhere from 1 million to7 million annually if not more to maintain and enjoy this Elite lifestyle to its fullest the life cycle of luxury assets including private jets like The Gulfstream G650 involves a crucial end phase reselling whether it's to upgrade to a newer model or change asset classes understanding the resale Dynamics is Paramount to any jet owner here's a deep dive into the selling and market value dynamics of the G650 as mentioned earlier luxury assets G650 can see an immediate depreciation of around 10 to 15% in the first year on a jet priced at $65 million this equates to a reduction in value of $6.5 to $99.75 million post the first year the depreciation rate steadies but continues averaging around 5 to 8% annually so by year five the jet might be worth around 60% of its original value placing it in the ballpark of $39 to $45 million the resale value can be significantly influenced by market conditions a surge in demand for the G650 or a scarcity of models in the market can Elevate prices introduction of newer models with enhanced features by Gulf Stream or its competitors can impact the G6 in50s resale value economic downturns or booms can influence the luxuri private jet Market affecting resale values by 5 to 20% employing and broker to facilitate the sale can lead to commissions ranging from 1 to 3% of the sale price on a jet selling for $45 million this translates to $450,000 to $1.35 million advertising the jet in luxury asset platforms adiation magazines and other media can cost between $10,000 to $50,000 before a sale sellers often get the aircraft inspected and refurbished to enhance its appeal which can cost anywhere from $100,000 to $500,000 depending on the extent of work owning a Gulf Stream G650 is a blend of luxury performance and strategic fin Financial considerations as we journeyed through the various Financial layers of the G650 live it's evident that the true cost isn't just confined to its acquisition but evolves dynamically over the ownership period with a base price hovering around $65 million the immediate price of Entry is lofty yet customizations and add-ons can Elevate this figure by another 5 to10 million potentially placing The Upfront expenditure in the range of 65 to 75 million recurring costs from fueling to maintenance crew salaries to luxury Services can mount to 1.5 to $2.8 million annually over a standard ownership duration of 5 years this could sum up to an additional $7.5 to4 million living the G650 life in full Splendor from luxury accommodations to attending high-profile Global events adds its own costs this luxury lifestyle could demand an additional outlay of $1 to7 million perom translating to5 to $35 million over 5 years reselling a G650 that's 5 years old might net approximately 60 to 70% of its original value translating to a resale value of 39 to 45 million indicating a potential depreciation of 20 to $26 million over the period brokerage fees marketing and refurbishing costs for reselling can subtract an additional $560,000 to $1.9 from the resale value pulling all these figures into perspective the comprehensive Financial journey of the Gulf Stream G650 ownership over a span of 5 years might demand an outlay ranging from approximately 78 to $161 million this broad range underscores the versatility of choices and paths an owner might take from a minimalistic approach to the Full Throttle luxury experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @grumpymansdrants1327 [1 likes]: Ai has a long way to go the voice is annoying
  2. @TheBaseCase: I better only get two of them, then.

- The Real Cost of Owning a Gulfstream G650: Kind: captions Language: en gulfstream's G 650 is often considered the gold standard when it comes to Private Business Jets renowned for its luxurious design technological advancements and unparalleled performance it's the aircraft of choice for many high net worth individuals and corporations but the million dollar question or rather multi-million dollar question is what does it genuinely cost to own one let's dive deep and demystify the expenses at the heart of the G650 solar is its unmatched luxury and performance reflected in its base price as a recent figures the base prize for Gulfstream G 650 hovers around 65 million dollars this cost is for the aircraft with standard features and basic Interiors customizing the G650 can substantially add to its cost premium leather seats bespoke interior designs state-of-the-art Entertainment Systems Advanced cabin Management systems and other luxurious additions can Elevate the price depending on the level of luxury and sophistication customizations can add anywhere from 5 to 20 million dollars to the base price The Gulfstream G 650 while already technologically advanced can be equipped with additional Tech features such as enhanced Vision systems EVS synthetic Vision Superior navigation systems and more these technological Integrations can cost an additional one to three million dollars while the G650 comes with a standard exterior finish opting for specialized paint decals or Unique Designs can lead to additional costs ranging from 200 000 to 1 million dollars depending on the complexity and materials used before finalizing a purchase especially for pre-owned g650s a comprehensive pre-purchase inspection is recommended this inspection ensures that the aircraft is in optimal condition and meets all safety standards this can cost between fifty thousand to one hundred thousand dollars depending on the depth of the inspection and any required follow-up actions depending on the country or stated purchase there might be Associated taxes and registration fees for high ticket item like the G650 sales tax can range from five to ten percent of the aircraft's price additionally there are registration fees which can vary but often amount to a few thousand if the purchase is facilitated through a broker or dealer there will be Associated fees or commissions these can typically range from one to three percent of the total aircraft price the sticker price of the G650 can be deceiving with customizations upgrades taxes and other Associated fees the real cost of procuring this luxury aircraft can be notably higher than the base price as such potential buyers should budget for a range with the upper limit potentially reaching 90 million dollars or more depending on individual preferences and requirements The Gulfstream G 650 consumes about 444 gallons of jet fuel per hour on average with fluctuations in global oil prices the cost of jet fuel can vary considerably assuming an average price of five dollars per gallon operating the G650 could translate to around 2220 in fuel costs alone per hour over a 200 hour flying year this amounts to 444 thousand dollars routine maintenance checks often required by Aviation authorities and to uphold safety standards can occur every 400 to 600 flight hours for the G650 these checks can cost anywhere between thirty thousand to fifty thousand dollars depending on the nature and extent of the service required every few years or after a specified number of flight hours the G650 requires more extensive inspections these can cost upwards of two hundred thousand dollars especially if significant parts replacement or overhauls are needed the annual salary for a Gulfstream G 650 pilot can range from one hundred and twenty thousand to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars based on experience location and responsibilities for two pilots which is the typical minimum for such a jet salaries can total upwards of five hundred thousand dollars annually regular training sessions for the crew which might be mandatory in some regions or suggested for safety reasons can add up to twenty thousand to fifty thousand dollars per year the insurance costs for a G 600 and 50 can be significant typically ranging from seventy thousand to one hundred and twenty thousand dollars per year depending on factors like the aircraft's usage base location pilot experience and the level of coverage chosen scoring at Gulfstream G 650 typically means renting space in a secure Hangar depending on the location whether it's a major City's Prime airport or a more remote location Hangar fees can range from fifty thousand to two hundred thousand dollars annually from catering to Wi-Fi subscriptions to onboard entertainment the in-flight experience isn't without its costs annually these can add another ten thousand to fifty thousand dollars to the bill depending on your flight patterns and the countries you fly over or into there will be Associated fees which can amount to significant sums over a year especially for frequent flyers operating at Gulfstream G650 isn't a small Financial Endeavor beyond the initial purchase the yearly operating expenses can be considerable prospective owners should anticipate in budget for ongoing costs that depending on usage and other factors could easily exceed one million to two million dollars annually it's essential to factor these and when considering the full Financial picture of oming such a luxurious jet as Aviation Technology evolves avionic systems require periodic updates to ensure they align with the latest safety and navigation standards these upgrades can be both software and Hardware based depending on the depth of the upgrade costs can range from fifty thousand dollars for minor software updates to upwards of five hundred thousand dollars for significant system overhauls or replacements over time the aircraft's interior can show signs of wear and tear periodic refurbishments not only maintain the aircraft's luxury appeal but also help in preserving its market value refolstring seats can cost between one thousand to five thousand dollars per seat replacing or updating in-flight Entertainment Systems can run from twenty thousand to two hundred thousand dollars depending on the system's sophistication new carpeting lighting and cabin fixtures can add an additional one hundred thousand to five hundred thousand dollars depending on materials and labor after a certain number of flight hours engines may require overhauls or Replacements to maintain Optimum performance in fuel efficiency Fleet engine overhauls for the G650 can range between five hundred thousand to one million dollars per engine upgrading to newer engine models if compatible can be upwards of two million dollars the Jets exterior is subjected to environmental factors that can affect its appearance over time an exterior refinishing not only rejuvenates its look but can also offer added protection against elements a complete exterior repaint job can cost between one hundred thousand to three hundred thousand dollars factoring in labor quality of pain and any custom detailing or designs from Modern communication tools to the integration of new Safety Systems there are always Innovations in the Aviation Space these are essential not just for enhanced experience but also for safety and Regulatory Compliance depending on the system upgrades can range from ten thousand dollars for minor Integrations to three hundred thousand dollars for major system inclusions or replacements the decision to retrofit or upgrade a Gulfstream G650 is both a nod to preserving value and enhancing the flight experience while some upgrades are elective stemming from desires for modern amenities or aesthetic refreshes others are crucial for safety performance and Regulatory Compliance owners stood periodically set aside funds for these expenses understanding that over the Jets lifespan retrofit and upgrade costs can aggregate to substantial amounts flying a state-of-the-art machine like The Gulfstream G650 requires Pilots to be on top of their game this necessitates periodic training and recertification renewing a pilot's license can cost between three thousand to ten thousand dollars depending on the training institution and location specialized training for the G650 might push the higher end of this range moreover if a pilot is transitioning from flying another type of aircraft type rating training specific to the G650 can cost upwards of thirty thousand just like a car needs registration so does an aircraft this is usually an annual fee for a chat like the G650 the yearly registration fee can range between five thousand to twenty thousand dollars depending on the jurisdiction and local Aviation regulations when flying internationally or even in certain domestic air spaces aircraft are often subject to navigation and overflight fees these fees can vary widely based on the countries you fly over or into on average for a long-haul international flight a g 650 owner might pay between two thousand to ten thousand dollars per flight and overflight fees alone every time the G 650 lands in an airport especially at Major International hubs there's a landing fee if the jet stays there for an extended period parking fees apply Landing fees can range from 500 to 5 000 per Landing depending on the airport parking can cost anywhere from one hundred to two thousand dollars per day periodic inspections are mandatory to ensure the aircraft's airworthiness these inspections are comprehensive and are crucial for safety and compliance a standard inspection can cost between dollars depending on the depth of the inspection and any required parts or repairs it's a G650 is used for Charter operations or any commercial purpose an AOC is required in many jurisdictions obtaining an AOC involves rigorous scrutiny and can cost between fifty thousand to five hundred thousand dollars factoring in consultancy fees regulatory fees and other Associated costs operating a luxury jet like The Gulfstream G650 comes with its fair share of operational expenses Beyond just Fuel and maintenance ensuring that all licenses are up to date and all fees are covered is essential for uninterrupted operations these fees not only ensure that the aircraft can fly legally but also underscore a commitment to safety and compliance it's imperative for owners to be aware of these recurring expenses and budget for them accordingly like many high value purchases buying a Gulfstream G650 often requires a significant down payment which can range from 10 to 20 percent of the aircon's for a G650 which costs upwards of 65 million dollars this translates to a down payment of 6.5 to 13 million interest rates vary depending on factors such as creditworthiness loan tenure and prevailing market conditions as a recent Trend interest rates for aircraft loans can range from three to six percent an operating lease allows companies or individuals to use the G650 for a certain period without owning it payments are made monthly or quarterly and at the end of the lease term the aircraft is returned to the Lesser monthly lease amounts can range from two hundred thousand to five hundred thousand dollars depending on the lease's terms and duration this is akin to a loan the lessee assumes some risks of ownership and the aircraft is considered an asset on their balance sheet at the end of the lease they might have the option to purchase the jet payments can be slightly higher than operating leases often ranging from two hundred and fifty thousand to five hundred and fifty thousand dollars given the eventual ownership aspect in some jurisdictions owning a business jet like the G650 allows for depreciation deductions significantly impacting the actual cost of ownership rate of depreciation aircraft like other assets depreciate over time the G650 might see an annual depreciation of four to six percent of its value though this can vary based on usage maintenance and market conditions there may come a time during the ownership of the G650 when refinancing the original loan makes Financial sense especially if interest rates have fallen refinancing often comes with costs such as processing fees legal fees and possible penalties from the original loan these can typically amount to one to three percent of the refinance amount lenders will invariably require comprehensive insurance coverage on the aircraft premiums for a jet like the G650 can range from 50 000 to 200 000 annually based on coverage levels aircraft usage and operator experience financing in Gulfstream G 650 is a significant Endeavor and goes beyond the mirrorless price of the aircraft from the intricacies of down payments and interest rates to the nuances of leases and refinancing options the financial landscape of owning such an esteemed jet is fast furthermore the Strategic advantage of depreciation and the mandatory cost of insurance played crucial roles in the overall Financial commitment aspiring owners must thoroughly evaluate these facets to craft a well-informed and financially sound path to ownership the G650 requires a highly skilled set of Pilots a captain for a G650 typically earns anywhere from one hundred and fifty thousand to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars annually while the first officer or co-pilot might earn between one hundred thousand and one hundred and eighty thousand dollars this doesn't account for bonuses training allowances and other perks through training for such a state-of-the-art aircraft can be costly sending both Pilots for annual recurrent training could cost upwards of fifty thousand dollars combined if your aircraft is used for international travel or long-haul flights accommodation daily allowances and other related expenses for the crew can add a significant sum often ranging from one thousand to three thousand dollars per trip aircraft like the G650 require routine maintenance checks which can be scheduled after certain flight hours or calendar periods these checks might cost from ten thousand dollars for minor inspections to over one hundred thousand dollars for major ones high-end Jets comprise complex components while they're built for durability Parts like avionic systems engines or landing gears may need replacement or upgrades costing anywhere from twenty thousand to over one million dollars depending on the component protecting your GE 650 from the elements is crucial anchor costs can vary widely based on location amenities and security levels renting space at a premium location can range from five thousand to twenty thousand dollars per month some high-end hangers offer Lounge facilities conference rooms and other amenities which might add to the overall cost fixed space operators fbos provide services like refueling ground handling and concierge services depending on the airport and the level of service required costs can range from 500 to 5 000 per Landing if you want gourmet meals and premium services on board this can set you back anywhere from one hundred to two thousand dollars per flight based on the menu and number of passengers ensuring your G 650 is compliant with Aviation regulations necessitates periodic renewals of airworthiness certificates while the certificate itself might not be expensive often under one hundred dollars the inspections and possible modifications or repairs leading up to certification can be if you fly internationally there are fees associated with navigating the airspace of various countries these can range from fifty to two countries involved and the length of the flight owning a Gulfstream G 650 extends Beyond its plush leather seats and state-of-the-art avionics there are layers of ongoing considerations and expenses that play into the true cost of ownership whether it's ensuring the best crew flies your jet navigating the Maze of Regulatory Compliance or accounting for maintenance and operations the G650 offers a premium experience both in the air and on the accounting Ledger prospective owners need a holistic view to fully understand and anticipate the Myriad costs associated with such a pinnacle of Aviation luxury the Allure of the Gulfstream G650 isn't merely its striking design or its impressive flight capabilities it's a symbol of unparalleled luxury and prestige in the world of Aviation however as we've dialed into the complexities of ownership it becomes clear that possessing such an esteemed aircraft comes with an intricate web of financial responsibilities from The Upfront purchase price to the multi-faceted operating costs every facet of ownership brings its own set of while the G650 offers an unmatched travel experience ensuring its smooth operation requires meticulous Financial Planning and a deep understanding of the associated costs in essence while the G650 promises Skies Without Limits respective owners should ground their expectations in the reality of its true costs ensuring that their investment continues to soar smoothly for years to come

  Top Comments:
  1. @john-martin [15 likes]: Looks like I may have to wait till next year. 😔
  2. @Teardehawkee [10 likes]: Incredible break down of the total price of owning a plane
  3. @johamv3374 [6 likes]: Why am I watching this 😢WTH
  4. @jato62 [2 likes]: Gulfstream Six Hundred & Fifty, I hate aviation content from non-aviation sources
  5. @MariaSantiago-s5n [1 likes]: deivid.santigo.
itapeivi
  6. @JohnKuhles1966 [1 likes]: Mostly used by high ranking Department of Defense people
  7. @niklashallbro8821: Was going to watch the clip, but stopped after 10 seconds as it was an AI voice, and not human.
Please stop using these silly AI that don’t know how to speak and pronounce properly.
  8. @nateyee: That’s pretty wild in many unexpected costs, even if it’s for a multibillion dollar business that uses it as speedy transportation and a tax write off. Still plan to get one for my company in the future but still a headache for my team if problems occur to the aircraft, but def would need my accounting team to make sure to keep funds aside for all those various expenses!!
  9. @VistoantonioBasqueureña: ✌️✌️😘
  10. @alexm2833: yeah at well into 6 figures i cant even justify first class so...i guess i haven't made it yet. I won't be be getting a ticket into the bunker.
  11. @michaelshaw8370: Always know about local conditions. Times and strength of tides prevailing weather conditions tidal surges the gradient and composition of the beach. When the water moves it also moves beyond the waterline under the pebbles, sand or silt ahead of that waterline on a shallow almost flat surface a rise of a couple of feet vertically could equate to fifty feet horizontally faster than a man can run. With the water pushing ahead under the sand. The water displaces air trapped under the substrate then the beach can either just drop away to deep water or become like quicksand in seconds on many beaches and estuaries if you hear the air pushing through the sand. The local term is the sand is singing. The moment you hear it run for for your life. Off Northumberland Holy Island is  one of many places this happens. Blyth beach. The Humber estuary. Lincolnshire. The Wash. Norfolk. Suffolk. Thames Estuary. Camber Sands  Severn Estuary even around Blackpool many hundreds of people perished over the years.

- Rising Demand For Gulfstream Business Jets Prompts Investment In Maintenance Capability – AIN: Kind: captions Language: en foreign continues to refresh its product line with new business Jets like the g700 the 800 and the 400 models the manufacturer feels Vindicated in making these major Investments by a rising tide of demand that appears to be lifting its entire portfolio and in markets right across the globe we're seeing a high level of demand for Gulf Stream products we started to see that demand in the fourth quarter of 2020 that continued throughout 2021 and here into 2022 so our sales team is busy we're seeing great demand and uh we're excited for what the year is going to bring to us here in the fourth quarter here in the U.S that's a busy market for us but also in Europe including some good activity in Eastern Europe which might surprise a few people right now but good activity throughout Europe Middle East is very busy for us right now as is southeast Asia so our presence in Southeast Asia has grown pretty significantly lots of activity in the region and we are bolstering our sales team in Southeast Asia to be able to handle that additional Demand right now so good demand signals across the globe right now for us the U.S company is boosting its Salesforce to respond to interest from new buyers in countries that have not previously been private Aviation hotspots places like Malaysia and Vietnam for instance and the new demand doesn't always seem to be following the traditional Market pattern in which customers work their way up the aircraft food chain as wealth continues to grow around the globe I I see our percentage of sales to first-time buyers continuing to be strong that has grown significantly over the past few years in fact in 2020-21 this year in 2022 first-time buyers are are accounting for a larger percentage of our order book than we've ever seen in the past so very encouraging sign for us and very interesting fact about those first-time buyers is quite a few their first aircraft ever owned is G650 so it's not just at the lower end of the product line the shorter range end of the product line but it's been all through the product line including the G650 with more aircraft sales means more aircraft to build and more to maintain and support and so Gulfstream and its parent company General Dynamics have held their nerve and continued to invest in these areas throughout the pandemic period and now that Faith seems to be bearing fruit just in the last three years we've invested in and opened six new facilities we opened in 2019 in Appleton Wisconsin the facility we're in today in Savannah Georgia and in Van Nuys California we opened 2020 we opened our Farm Bureau facility just outside of London and Palm Beach in South Florida and then we continue to open new facilities we just announced the grand opening of our Dallas Alliance Fort Worth facility in Fort Worth Texas we're moving some of our operations from Love Field over to Alliance and then we announced in October of last year that we're bringing Mason as our new West Coast Hub that facility we've already had our groundbreaking we'll bring that facility online late next year and we're already operating onto some existing hanger space there and also we've got some new announcements coming up we're going to be opening a new component repair and overall facility also in the Dallas Fort Worth area right around DFW that will add to our existing infrastructure both in our service centers and our existing repair facility in Lincoln California and this commitment to backup customers extends far beyond gulfstream's domestic Market with new support capability in previously underserved countries we look around the world and where else do our customers need us so we're already able to leverage our Jet Aviation footprint and Europe Middle East and Africa and then we use our authorized warranty facilities to fill any gaps and to look where the aircraft Fleet is really growing we've seen tremendous success with aircraft sales and operations in West Africa so we're pleased and excited to welcome execut Nigeria as the latest authorized warranty facility to The Gulfstream Network sometimes the product support Mission extends to resolving problems such as the recent crosswind Landing restrictions that the FAA imposed on the G500 and g600 aircraft software fixes were quickly devised and implemented by the end of September we looked at how do we make it as most convenient as possible for operators so we set up a couple of fly-in locations essentially where we could stage equipment and technicians and make sure that we were ready to support those aircraft we brought aircraft in from all over the world to those three locations we're also leveraging again all of our service centers our Jet Aviation sister sites and again by the end of the month I think we'll probably have 90 percent or more of that Fleet fully updated and operating without any of the prior ad restrictions please [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @xray606 [8 likes]: So while most people got 'locked down' for two years and now suffer from the extremely poor economy from doing that... business jets go up in demand. Hmm... Interesting.
  2. @geoffreyschuchardt5350 [7 likes]: I think gulfstream needs to be careful about getting caught off guard with hydrogen alternatives. I’m sure they know this but it’s something to emphasize
  3. @scotchzulu [2 likes]: BOSS JETS
  4. @DanFrederiksen [2 likes]: It's just so wasteful. How often do you travel with 12 people. 2 or more pilots on constant standby, million+ annual upkeep and an owner might fly 3 times per year. I know some billionaires here in Denmark who have a few jets they use not that often. They are chartered out when they don't use them. So why own and why such an oversized plane.
How about leaner planes with long range so you don't have to buy a huge plane to cross the atlantic or go to asia. Size isn't required for range. And look into having at most one pilot or zero. So there isn't the inherent overhead of 24/7 employment of multiple people for that annual trip. Runway to runway autopilot or even FBO to FBO autopilot and or remote taxiing service with starlink connection. Real luxury instead of wasteful posturing.
And mach 2 is an option.
  5. @LMays-cu2hp: Thank you for sharing the industry.

- The Real Price of Owning a Gulfstream G650: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to our channel where we take a look at some of the most famous private jets and helicopters and their features and details more than 13 years have passed since famous jet manufacturer gulfstream announced their g650 model the legendary g650 sets the standard for performance in business aviation it is still viral among jet owners it is a perfect air toy its spacious interior is a refined getaway above the clouds where innovation meets comfort its cabin experience caters to every need it comes with all the amenities that a high-flying business person would expect from their jet no doubt g650 owners are getting everything they need while flying but owning a private jet isn't easy besides purchasing price there are many other costs related to it in this video we will be taking a deep look into the real price of owning a gulfstream g650 before we get on to that please consider liking and subscribing to our channel it helps us a lot with the youtube algorithm and lets us know that we are helping to enrich lives out there if you're into aviation look at our new aviation compilation channel aviation central it is the first link in the description we would highly appreciate it and without further ado let's begin the video the work on the g650 started in may 2005 and was revealed in march 2008 the prototype of the g650 was rolled out at the gulf stream's 308 thousand foot manufacturing facility in the united states on 29 september 2009 it made its first flight on 25th november 2009 and the first series of flight tests were completed in december 2009 gulfstream completed its testing of g650 in may 2010 for faa and easa approvals the tests were conducted on primary structural components such as wings landing gear flight control surfaces fuselage and stabilizers the gulf stream has created a high performing and highly desirable family jet to gain global attention since 1958 gulfstream has maintained its image as the best business jet manufacturer the g650 helps to uphold this image it earned a private jet design award the coliar trophy and much more it is designed constructed and developed with innovative aeronautical technology in mind even though it was launched more than a decade ago it still incorporates many modern facilities that one would expect from a private jet it includes a lot of amenities to satisfy even the most prolific travelers the gulfstream g650 features a best-in-class cabin altitude to help mitigate fatigue it is built with a four-zone cabin configuration for meetings dining and relaxation featuring a private entertainment area the gulfstream g650 invites his owner to recline with a custom ottoman or catch up on the day's news via 42-inch flat tv when traveling in g650 his owner will be surrounded by amenities inspired by five-star resorts and well-appointed suites all of this justifies that it will deliver world-class connectivity comfort and the most relaxing or stress-free travel experience make sure to watch to the end as we will dive a bit into this business jet right now and deep analysis of owning cost the gulfstream g650 is well organized with a total cabin length of 46 feet and 10 inches a width of eight feet and two inches and a cabin height of six feet and three inches so totaling the cabin volume is 2138 cubic feet it can carry up to 19 passengers and provides 10 sleeping areas the gulfstream g650 delivers a redefined experience for pilots and passengers with new technology that sets a new standard across business jets worldwide it ensures a smooth ride for everyone honeywell's in2vu 3d weather radar is upgraded in the g650 which provides a comprehensive display to increase situational awareness and reduce weather related delays with the help of it pilots can avoid storms and turbulence research shows that turbulence-based incidents cost up to one hundred and fifty thousand dollars per incident it also features one of the most advanced avionics platforms in operation today gulfstream's plain view cockpit derived from honeywell's prius epic cockpit display systems delivers a solution to make software upgrades easy and quick it also features visual messages to the already popular runway advisory and awareness system or raas many operators love to use this feature when using smart runway and smart landing it allows installation flexibility and gives pilots timely information and an overall quieter cockpit environment pretty impressive right as we enter the last part of the video please consider liking and subscribing to our channel here comes the most important part of the video what is the actual price of owning a gulfstream g650 the price of a new g650 is 65 million dollars while the used g650 aircraft's price starts at 35 million dollars based on 450 annual operating hours and per gallon fuel cost the gulf stream g650 has a total yearly variable budget of two to two point three million dollars this breaks down to five thousand dollars per hour when it comes to fixed cost six criteria have been known as the biggest contributors to the annual cost of operation these costs are crew salary crew training hangar insurance management and additional miscellaneous fixed costs let's discuss some of the fixed costs that owners have to pay many people choose to store their planes in some form of a hangar a hangar is a closed building structure to hold aircraft or spacecraft it protects aircraft from outdoor elements and allows it to last longer and not break down as quickly when the jet is not flying you will want it to be safe secure and convenient inside a hanger the hangers in rural areas are cheaper than having your own private hanger well hanger costs differ depending on how big and the location of the hangar you need in general you have to pay several million dollars to buy one and need fifteen to twenty five dollars per square foot to build one out of metal depending on where you live you may have to pay one thousand to three thousand dollars per month to rent a hangar crew members on a private aircraft play a vital role in commercial aviation for many reasons their role is to provide a high standard of customer care and are responsible for ensuring that all the passengers are safe and secure the salary of crew members is one of the most notable costs of owning a private jet we all know how vital the crew is they are essential for the safe operation of aircraft well expect to pay a hundred and twenty three thousand dollars per year for pilots you will need to pay one hundred and fifty thousand dollars per year per pilot maintenance of a private jet is as necessary as maintenance of a commercial plane it is essential for aircraft to keep flying strong and smoothly private aircraft owners have the same duty to ensure that they keep themselves and everyone safe it will help them to save a lot of time energy and money in the future by taking good care of an aircraft throughout the year it helps to expand the lifespan of aircraft if you are flying the g650 for 200 hours per year you will need a hundred and six thousand dollars per year for its maintenance and if you are pretty busy and flying at 400 hours per year you will need four hundred thousand dollars for its maintenance landing fees and handling fees are highly dependent on the route taken it is hard to give an accurate figure while landing in an airport aircraft are charged a landing fee this fee is usually based on the weight of the plane therefore larger aircraft will have greater landing fees than smaller aircraft this fee varies from airport to airport for example if you were to fly out of laguardia airport new york regularly the cost of landing fees would be greater than if you regularly flew from wichita national airport and finally handling fees go hand in hand with landing fees you will need the aircraft to be parked securely bags unloaded and various ground surfaces when on the ground they are typically provided by the fbo fixed base operator of course all these services will come at a price again the cost of handling fees will vary depending on airport and aircraft size it is estimated that the landing and handling fee of gulfstream g650 is 110 000 now let's talk about the insurance of private jets there are manually two types of insurance the private jets must have the first is whole insurance and the second one is liability insurance the whole insurance policies are agreed upon on a value basis that is the value of the aircraft therefore the insurers will pay the agreed value in any case of a total loss the second type of insurance is liability insurance this provides cover against damage injury or loss to third parties including baggage cargo or passengers its value varies from policy to policy the gulfstream g650s insurance price is around fifty seven thousand dollars annually enhanced employee benefits are provided to pilots and crew members g650 comes with a full kitchen satellite phone wireless network and various other entertainment features you will also have to pay for connectivity cost of about six thousand five hundred dollars annually for longer flights onboard meals are necessary you will have to pay for catering services that offer various facilities you will be provided with light snacks fine dining but with some additional fee it is estimated that ten thousand dollars will be charged from the owner for these special catering services well this fee varies greatly there you go it will cost you from two to two point three million dollars annually to own gulfstream g650 and fly it between 200 to 400 hours well guys that's it for the video click the links to check out some of our other videos moreover don't forget to like and subscribe for more content like this we have many great videos coming up see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shelbydriver [7 likes]: Good video on the insights of owning a private jet.  However, I think your crew cost are way off.  I'm not willing to post on here what i do make but let's just say 150k a year to fly a 65 million dollar jet is way low, and I know this personally.
  2. @nasosnasos8054 [3 likes]: Love love
  3. @DrAsadAli-yc6tu [2 likes]: Inshalla one day it will be ours
  4. @JawanzaBassue [2 likes]: Honeywell Primus (not Prius). Nice video! It's interesting to see the costs put simply like this. There's a lot to private airplane ownership but in the end, many of their owners are simply paying for the luxury of time.
  5. @carlos-albertomeier4980: CARLOS MOISÉS VOCE TRAIU O NOSSO PRESIDENTE E SEU POVO CATARINENSE NÃO CONVENCE TEMOS FRACOS GOVERNADORES TEMOS DOIS UM AMIM MUITO CONHECIDO E TEM NOSSO RESPEITO E JORGINHO POUCO CONHECIDO MAS TRABALHOU PERTO DO PRESIDENTE OS DOIS MAIS FORTES
  6. @JamesWilliams-qn5cq: Gr8 Worꓘ

Thx a Ton for the Post.

- The Shocking Cost of a Pilatus PC-12: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, before you even dream of owning a Pilatus PC12, you need to ask yourself some hard questions. Does keeping this plane flying really cost over $500,000 every single year in fees, fuel, and maintenance? What is the one hidden cost that blindsides most firsttime owners and can wipe out their savings in an instant? Is the PC12 actually cheaper to operate per hour than a brand new Cessna Citation jet? And if you're thinking about buying a 5-year-old used model, will you actually save millions? Or does its incredible value retention make that plan pointless? The Pilatus PC12 isn't just an airplane. It's the ultimate status symbol. A rugged yet luxurious Land Rover of the skies, famous for holding its value better than almost any other aircraft. But the sticker price is only the beginning. The brutal truth. Owning and flying one can cost a staggering half a million dollars every single year. If you've ever dreamed of PC12 ownership, you need to understand this financial battlefield before you sign the papers. Stick around. We're breaking down the real costs, the hidden surprises, and what it truly takes to fly this legendary turborop. Before you touch the throttle of the Pilatus PC12, ask yourself, are you ready to master the most powerful single engine turborop on the planet? With 1,200 horsepower, a smooth PT 6A67P engine, and the Honeywell Apex cockpit handling everything, this plane climbs like a jet and turns bad weather into crystalclear skies, breaking down the annual operating costs. Half a million dollars a year to fly a PC12. Is it real? Absolutely. Let's uncover where every dollar goes and why owning this beast isn't for the faint-hearted. Fuel. The hunger of the PT6 engine. The PC12 runs on the trusted Pratt and Whitney PT6A. It's efficient for its class, but jet A is never cheap. The engine burns around 60 to 70 gall hour. If you fly roughly 300 hours a year and jet A averages $6 per gallon, your fuel bill alone lands near $126,000. That's before you even consider maintenance or crew. Maintenance. Maintenance is where reality hits. Every 100 hours, you're due for a basic inspection. At 61,200 hours, the checks become major events. A 1,200hour inspection often costs more than $100,000. Then comes the hot section inspection on the PT6, usually around the $2,000 hour mark. Even though it's not a full overhaul, it can still run $250,000 or more. If you don't plan for this, it feels like a financial explosion. The hidden cost that crushes firsttime owners dot fuel and maintenance are predictable. The real shock comes from something owners don't think about at first, crew and management. You can't realistically own a multi-million dollar aircraft without a professional pilot and proper oversight. A skilled PC12 pilot earns between 90,000 and $150,000 a year. Add benefits, annual training, hotels, and travel costs, and the number rises quickly. If you use an aircraft management company to handle scheduling, compliance, and maintenance tracking, that's another yearly fee added on top. These two expenses alone push ownership costs up before the plane even leaves the hanger. Your total comes to roughly $446,000 per year. with real world variations. That $500,000 figure isn't exaggerated at all. It's simply the entry fee to PC12 ownership. PC12 versus Citation Jet. Which one really costs less? Now to the big comparison. Is the PC12 cheaper to run per hour than a light jet like the Cessna Citation M2? Yes. The direct operating cost for the PC12 is noticeably lower. The M2 burns far more fuel and the maintenance is more demanding, but you trade speed for savings. The Citation will take you to your destination almost 100 knots faster. So, while the PC12 is more efficient, it's not always the best choice if time matters more than fuel burn. The real advantage of the PC12 is its versatility. You get a pressurized cabin, long range, solid performance, and the ability to land on short or rough strips that most jets can't touch. That's what makes its operating cost feel reasonable to many owners.

- The Real Price of Owning the Pilatus PC-12: Kind: captions Language: en founded in 1939 Pilatus aircraft has been designing and building aircraft at the base of Mount Pilates in stands Switzerland Pilatus aircraft is the only Swiss company to develop produce and sell aircraft to customers worldwide that are well known for their legendary planes like Pilates Porter pc6 to the best-selling single-engine turboprop in its class the pc-12 their latest aircraft pc24 is the world's first ever Business Jet for use on short unprepared runways domicileden stands the company is certified to ISO 14 000 and one in recognition of its efforts for the environment the Pilatus group includes two independent subsidiaries in Broomfield and Adelaide with over 2 000 employees at its headquarters Pilates is one of the largest employers in central Switzerland the success of pillidus as the world's leading manufacturer of single-engine turboprop aircraft can also be attributed to the clear-eyed pragmatism of our engineers and designers a unique ability to look at every problem as an opportunity to challenge conventional thinking and create something where it did not previously exist before is what sets pull out us apart being surrounded by the rugged terrain of the Swiss Alps has been a key influence in the design of unique aircraft to meet the demands of such an environment made the company's best-selling pressurized single-engine turbine powered aircraft pc-12 it is a turboprop passenger and cargo aircraft manufactured by polenis aircraft in 1991 from Short Grass strips to high altitude cruises the Pilatus pc12 is one of the best performing turboprops out there it will ensure a world-class Comfort connectivity and a stress-free travel experience pilata's pc12 owners will get everything they expect from their aircraft but only it isn't easy at all besides purchasing price there are many other costs related to it so in this video we will take a deep look into the real price of a Pilatus pc12 before we get on to that please consider liking and subscribing to our Channel it helps us a lot with the YouTube algorithm and lets us know that we are helping to enrich lives out there if you are into Aviation have a look at our new Aviation compilation Channel Aviation Central it is the first link in the description we would highly appreciate it so without a further Ado let's begin the video while manufacturing the pc-12 the company's main aim was to build a single engine plane with a sizable cabin capable of flying long distances at speed work on the pc-12 started in the late 1980s and a prototype was completed before the plane was announced at the 1989 annual Convention of the national business Aviation Association the aircraft certification was delayed but by May 1st 1991 Pilatus had two prototypes with the maiden flight taking place on May 31st 1991. despite the flight going well they decided to increase the size of the Wings and add winglets this delayed the aircraft Swiss certification until March 30th 1994 approval by the United States Federal Aviation Administration soon followed on July 15th the same year the Pilatus pc12 has gained a reputation for outstanding versatility performance reliability and operational flexibility the performance of a pc-12 large cabin and standard cargo baggage compartment make it everyone's favorite worldwide it climbs at the rate of 1920 feet per meter while its maximum speed is 280 knots its average Cruise speed IS 268 while its economy Cruise speed is 209 the takeoff distance is 1475 feet while the landing distance is 2783 feet furthermore the initial Pilatus pc-12s were powered by a single Pratt and Whitney pt-6 as 67 engine and offered a performance equal to twin-engine planes a newer version of the pc-12 NG aircraft with a more powerful Pratt and Whitney pt6 a 67p engine came along in 2006. the addition of the new engine gave the pc-12 a better climb rate and an increased maximum cruising speed pc12 was manufactured to fly safely in harsh climates and incorporates numerous safety measures its engine has a reputation for considerable reliability a factor that has reportedly been decisive to some prospective operators for greater redundancy the pc-12ng has a complete split bus dual electrical system similar to Modern jet aircraft in addition to two separate batteries and a third emergency battery to counteract stall and spin conditions dual angle of attack sensors near the wingtips force the stick forwards in advance of a potential stall exteriorly the height of the aircraft is 14 feet while the length is 47 feet its cabin height is four feet width is 5 feet length is 16 feet and volume is 356 cubic feet the interior cabin of the Pilatus pc-12 was designed in conjunction with BMW's design Works Division and features materials you would expect to find in a high-end luxury car the cabin of the pc-12 can accommodate 9 passengers and features a refreshment Center and an enclosed toilet with the addition of a new 5 blade propeller the cabinet vibration noise is reduced to let customers enjoy a relaxed environment and pleasant conversation a spacious discrete lavatory is integrated into the cabin's forward portion offering complete privacy without infringing on baggage space a completely flat floor gives passengers even greater Comfort throughout the longest of flights the intelligent use of storage space coupled with legendary versatility enables the aircraft to complete any mission in just minutes only the Pilatus pc-12 offers the advanced avionics of a high-end Business Jet tailored for the single pilot it features an autopilot optimized for stability and smoothness Smart View TM synthetic Vision with performance-based HUD symbology and the Honeywell Primus Apex TM integrated avionics Suite pretty impressive right as we enter the last part of the video please consider liking and subscribing to our Channel here comes the most important part of the video what is the actual price of a Pilatus pc12 the buying cost of Pilatus pc12 is between four dollars and five to five point four million dollars depends if you are buying a used one or a new one but this isn't it besides Bond costs there are operating costs that you have to spend on aircraft there are usually two categories to consider the operating costs one is fixed costs while the other is variable costs fixed costs are those that you paid no matter what whether the aircraft flies or not has no effect on fixed costs these costs do not change concerning the number of hours the aircraft flies so therefore whether you fly the aircraft 50 hours per year or 500 hours the fixed costs will remain the same variable costs on the other hand are directly proportional to the number of hours the aircraft flies per year in this case the best example of a variable cost is fuel use clearly the more you fly the aircraft the more fuel it will use therefore flying 500 hours per year will result in variable costs 10 times greater than if you were to fly 50 hours per year thus the estimated variable cost for private Jets is presented as an hourly figure this is how much extra the aircraft will cost you per flight hour the fixed costs include expenses like Cruise salary training hanger Insurance management and many more the crew salary is the annual salary of the crew members of course if you own and operate the aircraft you are responsible for the employment of the crew therefore it is essential as you will be hiring talented and professional crew members moreover this is a cost that will vary depending on the size of the aircraft the average Cruise salary is estimated to be 78 thousand dollars the well-trained crew members are important as they are integral to the safe and efficient operation of your aircraft the crew training will cost you about ten thousand dollars many people choose to keep their planes in special storage places known as hangers but hangers can be really expensive you can expect to pay between fifty thousand dollars to one million to buy it and it will cost you fifteen dollars to twenty dollars per square foot to build it however renting a hanger would be cheaper as it will cost one hundred dollars to five hundred dollars per month its price varies greatly according to location and size some people choose to tie down their hanger instead of storing it in hanger but it's very dangerous and you will end up spending more money to repair it moving on now let's talk about insurance costs there are two types of insurance that private jets must have the first is liability insurance this provides cover against loss damage or injury to third parties third parties in this case include passengers cargo and baggage while exact details will vary from policy to policy the cover is generally not provided for the pilot in command or the actual aircraft this then leads to the second part of private jet Insurance Hull Insurance Hull insurance policies are agreed upon on a value basis that is the value of the aircraft therefore in the event of a total loss insurers will pay the agree value as opposed to the current market value insurance costs vary greatly and depend on a lot of factors the insurance Price for pc12 would be eighteen thousand dollars aircraft management is an essential component when owning and operating a private jet an aircraft management team provides all the necessary Services required to fly the aircraft for example sourcing and managing Pilots to make sure the aircraft is airworthy are all tasks supplied by your aircraft management company of course there is the option of so-called self-management this is where the management tasks are left with your pilot in command however this option is rarely selected so the fixed cost of owning a pc-12 would be around one hundred and fifty thousand dollars now let's talk about the variable cost of operating the pc-12 it includes expenses like fuel costs landing and handling fees miscellaneous variables and many more as mentioned before this cost varies greatly but according to an estimation it will cost you one thousand dollars per hour to cover all the variable costs so if you fly your plane for 500 hours per annum you will need five hundred thousand dollars here you go the estimated annual fixed cost for owning the pc12 is 650 000 well guys that's it for today's video click the links to check out some of our other videos moreover don't forget to like And subscribe for more content like this we have many great videos coming up see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @markharrison8382 [13 likes]: I am an aircraft refueler based in Coober Pedy South Australia.  900 km from the main hospital in Adelaide, our capital city.  I have refueled both the PC12 and PC24 Jet for the Royal Flying Doctor Service.  They are so easy to refuel either overwing with the PC12 or pressure fueling on the PC24.  Fantastic aircraft, reliable and used throughout Australia by the RFDS.
  2. @kurtroosli5713 [9 likes]: Besides the fantastic design, the sensational manufacturing quality of Pilatus products is unmatched.
  3. @JamesMayflower [8 likes]: So tired of Ai voices
  4. @Sandhoeflyerhome [7 likes]: It climbs at the rate of 1920 feet per meter
  5. @Chrismarquez7 [4 likes]: Plan on buying one next year.
  6. @davidgoold5382 [2 likes]: opps AI makes mistakes to cost of buying 4 dollars and 5 million?
  7. @AMadPilot [2 likes]: The ai is worst than fs2024
  8. @davidkellymitchell4747 [2 likes]: That's a great plane.
  9. @josedossantos2028 [2 likes]: Olá de manaus Am.
  10. @krislpx8955 [1 likes]: Danke!
  11. @christophersorensen6522 [1 likes]: 4:58 uh that's a PC-24 there... and this isn't the only time it's shown in this video about the PC-12.
  12. @johnquinn7777: Question, what would be the average net worth of someone owning this aircraft?
  13. @carlostabares106: i dont agree with the cost u r providing  , i highly dough  that the owners are paying this much a year in those fees, this a private pilot owner not commercial
  14. @danskepatrioter1930: Are you babbeling about the 12 or the 24?
  15. @dabneyoffermein595: is that cost of ownership pretty consistant with the PC-12 NG?
  16. @Bone8444312: дороговато, конечно. но что делать? надо платить.
  17. @มดแดง-ฃ3ข: ใครจะซื้อเป็นยังไงเห็นเอาขึ้นมาขายบ่อยมากเครื่อง PC 12

- Pilatus PC-12: FULL REVIEW: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our comprehensive review of the Pilatus pc12ng a versatile and reliable aircraft renowned for its exceptional performance and multi-role capabilities produced by Pilatus aircraft the pc-12ng has garnered a reputation as a Workhorse in the aviation industry offering unmatched flexibility comfort and efficiency in this detailed review we will explore the pc12 NG's design performance interior features avionics Safety Systems operating costs and more join us as we dive into the world of the Pilatus pc12 NG and discover why it is a Top Choice for both business and Leisure Aviation the Pilatus pc12 NG boasts a sleek and aerodynamic design that maximizes efficiency and performance its single engine turboprof configuration provides a perfect balance of power and fuel efficiency the aircraft's robust construction high wind configuration and large cargo door make it suitable for a wide range of missions including executive transport Regional commuting medical evacuation and cargo operations the the pc12ng features a spacious cabin with ample Headroom and comfortable seating for up to nine passengers the interior can be customized to meet specific requirements offering options for executive seating luxurious amenities and flexible seating arrangements the aircraft also includes a generous baggage compartment providing ample space for luggage and cargo equipped with a pratt and Whitney pt-6a67p turboprop engine the pc12 NG delivers impressive performance capabilities the engine generates 1 200 horsepower enabling the aircraft to reach a maximum Cruise speed of approximately 285 knots 328 miles per hour the pc12 NG has a range of approximately 1 800 nautical miles allowing for Non-Stop travel between many destinations for example it can fly from New York to Miami or Los Angeles to Denver without the need for refueling the pc12 NG's short takeoff and Landing stol capabilities are a significant Advantage enabling it to operate from shorter runways with a takeoff distance of just two thousand six hundred feet and a landing distance of two thousand two hundred and ninety feet the pc12 NG can access airports with limited runway length this flexibility expands the list of accessible airports allowing passengers to reach their destinations more efficiently step inside the Pilatus pc-12ng and you'll discover a spacious and well-appointed cabin designed to prioritize passenger Comfort the aircraft's large Windows provide panoramic views and flood the cabin with natural light creating a sense of openness and enhancing the overall flying experience the cabin's ergonomic design ensures passenger Comfort during short hops or extended flights the pc-12ngs cabin offers exceptional flexibility enabling quick reconfiguration for various purposes the modular interior design allows for easy transformation from executive transport mode to Cargo hauling mode or even medical evacuation configurations with a variety of seating options and layouts passengers can enjoy customized comfort and convenience the Pilatus pc12 NG incorporate creates advanced technology and avionic systems to enhance situational awareness and improve overall flight operations it features the Honeywell Primus Apex avionics Suite which includes a large high resolution display synthetic vision technology integrated flight management system weather radar traffic collision avoidance system tcas and terrain awareness and warning system tawms the avionics Suite provides Pilots with real-time weather information accurate navigation and enhanced safety features the synthetic vision technology offers a 3D view of the surrounding terrain even in low visibility conditions the streamlines flight planning and navigation allowing for efficient routing optimized fuel consumption safety is of Paramount importance in the pc12 NG and the aircraft is equipped with a range of Safety Systems and features it utilizes a dual Channel digital autopilot system that enhances stability reduces pilot workload and improves flight Precision the aircraft is also equipped with a traffic collision avoidance system tc8s and a Terrain awareness and warning system taws to assist pilots in maintaining safe separation from other aircraft and avoiding hazardous terrain the pc-12ng incorporates Advanced de-icing systems including wing and tail boots which efficiently remove ice accumulation during flight ensuring Optimal Performance and safety Additionally the aircraft features redundant systems for critical components such as dual electrical systems hydraulic systems and fuel systems providing an added layer of safety and reliability operating costs are an essential consideration for aircraft owners and operators and the Pilatus pc-12 is known for its cost Effectiveness the pc-12s single engine turboprompt design contributes to its efficient fuel consumption which results in lower operating costs compared to jet aircraft the estimated direct operating costs for the pc-12 range between one thousand two hundred dollars and one thousand six hundred dollars per hour flight depending on factors such as fuel prices maintenance programs Cruise salaries and and aircraft utilization it's worth noting that these costs may vary based on specific circumstances and should be obtained from authorized Pilatus Representatives or financial experts for accurate and up-to-date information in terms of acquisition costs the Pilates pc12 offers a competitive price point within the turboprop category the list price for a new pc12 starts at around 4.9 million dollars depending on customization options and additional features however it's important to consider that prices may vary based on market conditions configuration choices and any additional customization requested by the buyer for a more accurate and detailed pricing quote it is recommended to consult with authorized Pilatus Representatives or dealers when it comes to financing the acquisition of a Pilatus pc12 various options are available traditional financing institutions aircraft lenders and leasing companies offer financing programs tailored to meet the specific needs of customers these financing options provide flexibility for aircraft acquisition allowing operators to manage their cash flow and choose the financing structure that best suits their requirements furthermore it's worth considering the ongoing maintenance and service costs associated with the Pilatus pc12 regular maintenance and inspections are necessary to ensure the aircraft's continued airworthiness and reliability the cost of Maintenance programs and services can vary depending on the selected program aircraft usage and maintenance intervals Pilatus offers comprehensive maintenance programs and service packages to provide customers with cost-effective and hassle-free maintenance support overall while the operating costs and acquisition price of the Pilatus pc-12 are significant considerations its cost Effectiveness fuel efficiency and reliability make it an attractive option for operators looking for a versatile and economical aircraft it is recommended to consult with authorized poletus representatives or financial experts to obtain precise and up-to-date information on operating costs acquisition prices and financing options based on individual circumstances in conclusion the Pilatus pc12ng is a versatile and reliable aircraft that excels in various roles with its exceptional performance spacious cabin advanced technology and strong safety features the pc12ng continues to be a popular choice among Aviation enthusiasts corporate operators and Regional Airlines whether you are seeking a flexible executive transport solution a reliable aircraft for regional operations or a versatile platform for various missions the Pilatus pc-12ng offers an exceptional combination of efficiency comfort and versatility its proven track record exceptional range and renowned reputation make it a standout option in the turboprompt category

  Top Comments:
  1. @neatstuff1988 [7 likes]: They crash at an astonishingly high rate. I have 1500 pt6,, 1500 tpe. A lifetime of 727, DC10, 747. Get a pro who you can call a friend, safety, second opinion. I do not care what. GET THEM!  FIRST FLIGHT every flight.
  2. @CharlesHess [6 likes]: High wing configuration??
  3. @CentralCommandHomeBase [6 likes]: Exceptional video.  Ty!
  4. @genxpilot69 [3 likes]: I like this more than the TBM … for sure!
  5. @ubermenschen3636 [3 likes]: PC-12 NGX is behind the times. Its avionic doesn’t include auto -start up of the turboprop — you must monitor the ITT and make adjustments. Also, no emergency landing system that you can deplore at a push of a button — the computer will automatically land the aircraft at the nearest available airport. This may be critical where the pilot becomes incapacitated due to hypoxia. The Garmin 3000 is a more capable avionic.
  6. @Starvaze [2 likes]: Ship some of these to the southern side of Australia (the airports where link, Rex, Qlink and Fpelican operates)and NSW will be in business.
  7. @WhisperJetAmerica [2 likes]: Rip all of the avionics out of it and give me a radio, squawk box, compass and artificial horizon. Ill take it from there.
  8. @bigdogboos1 [1 likes]: i'd give everything i own to own one of these and be able to fly it.
  9. @ferdinandhe5239 [1 likes]: Same price u can get elite ii with two engine and better tech, downside only have 4 passengers seats
  10. @ShakespeareCafe [1 likes]: Terrible noise polluters. You can tell immediately when flies overhead
  11. @uwk8107 [1 likes]: дорого богато🙄
  12. @geertrebreps191: 1:50 Locher Airfield, Südtirol
  13. @thetransportlad350: These aircraft are amazing. I would have this over any private jet, if I could afford it that is!
  14. @frankrice9520: I'm always incredulous that WW2 fighter aircraft flew higher, faster and longer than these highfalutin modern, pressurized turboprops!
  15. @christopherlehnert7071: does it come with a tow-bar?
  16. @АлексейМарков-з2х: Меня занимает вопрос, как пилоты попадают на рабочее место? Кресло назад сдвинуть некуда , отдельной двери нет а из того что показано надо быть акробатом что бы сесть на кресло пилота , и то велик шанс задеть и сломать какой ни будь прибор.
  17. @rayardbartlett6095: 4+ millon is crazy 😂

- Pilatus PC-12: Go Where You Want, When You Want: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in aviation it's very rare to find one aircraft that can do everything the palatus pc12 really comes as close to that ideal as is possible it's the fact that you can land it on short runways land it with ease on a rough strip even on a muddy field as well as also a large International Airport with a long Runway you can fly lowlevel and enjoy sightseeing enjoy the view flying over whole scenery seeing the landscape unfold below you or you can fly high you can Fly Above All the weather and cruise serenely to your final destination it's just the aircraft that really can do it all we have one client who calls the aircraft his time machine and I think that really encapsulates how most of our clients feel about the aircraft it's about having fun it's about winning your time back so I've had an aircraft for many many years and this one by far TOS all of the aircraft that I've ever owned it's just the fact that you can do so much with it bit like an SUV of the Skies with all that versatility and comfort and still prestigious as well things that people don't normally realize first of all is the size of the aircraft when they actually see it and they realize just how large it is it's 10% bigger than a lot of our competitive aircraft and it's the versatility it's the fact that you can change the configuration of the Interior you have a large cargo door so you can load a lot of cargo into the back you can remove the seats you can have it half for passengers half for for cargo it has a beautiful interior designed by a BMW very wellapp appointed very modern very sophisticated customers can choose from a very wide range of fabrics leathers and pretty much any color or combination they want whatever suits their own taste I suppose time is of the essence to everyone and um in my busy business schedule I was doing a lot of traveling and when you're marching you're not fighting so for me it was critical that I sourced some means of Transport that could get me to my destination far quicker so I looked at all the various aircrafts that could fly me around Europe comfortably safely and economically and uh every time I kept coming back to the patus PC2 it ticked every box that I could imagine and it in the end it was a very simple decision it's like the family range overover it serves multi- purposes and uh for me this was a a great business tool but equally it was a fantastic tool to take the family all around Europe and and the British Isles so absolutely perfect for us in every sense you can really have fun with this airplane and that's the beauty of it the fact that you can take your family on a golfing trip in the UK land at a short strip or even horse racing there are so many grass strips at horse racing events and then fly to France there's all that versatility that you have with this aircraft that makes it more than just a business tool it's a tool for everything the aircraft can carry either six passengers in a lot of comfort or eight passengers for shorter trips in the six passenger configuration you can fly pretty much anywhere in Europe for an aircraft of this class and this price point the cargo door is unmatched there is no other aircraft that has as large a cargo door you can fit kayaks golf clubs skis surfboards fishing rods mountain bikes anything you can really think of we've seen videos of people putting motorbikes in the back if they remove four of the seats the airplane has a straight Wing at the back so you can drive a forklift straight up to it without worrying about a sweat back Wing getting in the way or a conventional tail plane getting in the way because the airplane has a TA tail so the tail plane is out of the way of any vehicle driving up to it but the sheer size of the cargo door and the ease of access is unmatched

- The True Price of Gulfstream G700: Inside the Billionaire Jet No One Can Afford to Maintain: Kind: captions Language: en The sky is silent until it isn't. From the horizon, [music] a shape begins to form. Sleek, silver, and sovereign. It glides through the clouds like a whisper of power. Unbothered by gravity, [music] unchallenged by distance. This is the Gulfream G700, the world's most advanced private jet and perhaps the most [music] deceptive symbol of wealth ever built. Because buying a G700 isn't the dream. It's the [music] illusion before reality hits. In 2025, a new G700 carries a list price of roughly $80 million. [music] That number alone could build a skyscraper or fund a tech startup. But for [music] those who own it, $80 million is just the down payment on something far more complicated and far more [music] seductive. Before we step inside this airborne empire, remember this. [music] What you're about to see isn't about money. It's about power. The kind that [music] can cross oceans without stopping, chase the sunset, and still arrive before it sets. Welcome to Luxury Enigma, [music] where we decode the world of invisible wealth and the machines that rule it. Subscribe [music] if you haven't already, because today we're climbing aboard a masterpiece few will ever touch and even fewer can truly afford. The first thing you [music] notice when the cabin door seals shut is silence. Not the absence of sound, but the perfection of it. Inside, the air feels different. Purified [music] every 2 minutes. Pressurized to feel like the altitude of a mountain village. Even as you soar [music] 50,000 ft above the Atlantic, the cabin stretches almost 57 ft long, 8 ft wide, and over [music] 6 ft high. Large enough to fit a small New York apartment, yet more refined [music] than most penous. The design isn't just engineering. its choreography. 20 panoramic [music] oval windows flood the cabin with natural light so vast they feel like portals into space itself. [music] Gulfream didn't just build a jet. They built a sanctuary, one with up to five [music] living zones, a lounge, a conference suite, a cinema, a master bedroom, even a shower at cruising altitude. Every switch, [music] screen, and surface responds to touch, voice, or anticipation. The G700's cabin management system learns its passengers. [music] Lighting shifts as you breathe. Temperature adjusts as you sleep. Entertainment cues [music] itself from your last flight. At this altitude, it isn't travel. It's transcendence. But the true [music] story of the G700 isn't inside its cabin. It's buried in what it takes to make this perfection possible. Because behind every handcrafted [music] leather seat, there's a crew on the ground running diagnostics. Behind every silent [music] glide, a pair of Rolls-Royce Pearl 700 engines burn thousands of pounds of fuel every hour. Each flight [music] hour, even before the champagne is poured, can cost upwards of $30,000 [music] in fuel, logistics, and the invisible machinery of luxury. And yet, that's not the shocking part, because the real [music] cost of owning this jet doesn't reveal itself at takeoff. It comes long after you land. The [music] illusion of flight fades the moment the engines power down. That's when the real numbers begin to fly. Every [music] Gulfream G700 leaves its hanger as a masterpiece of precision. Two Rolls-Royce [music] Pearl 700 engines, each producing over 18,000 lb of thrust, pushing this airborne palace through the sky at nearly 650 mph. [music] It can soar from New York to Hong Kong, London to Singapore, Los Angeles [music] to Sydney without refueling once. $7,750 nautical miles [music] of uninterrupted power. But every hour of that freedom has a price. Fuel alone drains an estimated $2 [music] million a year if you fly just 400 hours. Add hanger storage, ground support, [music] and landing fees, and that number keeps climbing before you've even said clear for [music] takeoff. The pilots who command this flying kingdom, two of them, each earning between 150 and $250,000 [music] annually. And that doesn't include insurance, benefits, or recurrent training. Mandatory sessions that [music] can cost another $100,000 per pilot every year just to keep certifications [music] current. Insurance itself between $150 [music] and $250,000 annually. maintenance, anywhere from $200 to $500,000 for [music] every major inspection. And then there's depreciation, the cost no billionaire [music] ever likes to mention. Within 3 years, your $80 million G700 can lose nearly 30% of [music] its value. That's more than $20 million gone before the champagne stains the carpet. This is the part most people never see. [music] The part that proves owning a private jet isn't about luxury. It's about logistics. Gulfream Savannah facility, a cathedral of carbon [music] fiber and titanium, employs thousands of technicians who treat each aircraft as if it were alive. Every [music] rivet inspected, every circuit checked. That's why a G700 [music] can climb to 45,000 ft in just 18 minutes, outrun weather, [music] and land on runways shorter than 6,000 ft, touching down where commercial airliners never could. It's why [music] the cockpit feels less like a workspace and more like an AI symphony. 10 highresolution touchscreens surround [music] the pilots while the symmetry flight deck's active control side sticks let both pilots [music] feel what the other is doing. A synchronized dance of machine and human. [music] And yet, despite all that innovation, this isn't a machine you own. It's one you serve. Because the true price of the G700 [music] isn't in its purchase. It's in the upkeep of perfection. The kind that demands constant attention, endless expense, and absolute [music] discretion. The kind that quietly reminds its owner, even in the stratosphere, [music] gravity still wins. 10 years of ownership with fuel, salaries, maintenance, insurance, and depreciation, can exceed $150 million. 15 million a year to preserve the illusion that you own the sky. And that's the paradox. The G700 isn't a symbol [music] of freedom. It's a monument to control over time, over comfort, [music] over the laws of distance themselves. For those who can afford it, it's not transportation. It's transcendence. For everyone else, it's a window into a world where [music] the sky isn't the limit. It's the playground. If this world fascinates you, the hidden economies, the quiet empires, [music] the machines that define the elite, subscribe to luxury enigma. Because beyond the clouds lies another secret. The aircraft even billionaires [music] envy. And that story is coming next.

- How Much Does It REALLY Cost to Own a Private Jet?: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone dreams of flying on a private jet, but only a few people know the real truth behind owning one. A private jet isn't just a luxury toy. It's a flying business tool, a symbol of status, and one of the most expensive assets a person can maintain. So today on Elite World, we're going to break down the real costs of buying, owning, operating, and maintaining a private jet. Not the fantasy numbers, not the social media myths, but the actual dollars, the hidden expenses, and the true financial reality behind private jet ownership. Let's dive into how much does it really cost to own a private jet. The first step anyone thinks about is the price of the jet itself. But here's the truth. Private jets [music] vary more in price than houses do. Light jets examples Honda Jet Phenom 300 price 3 million to12 million midsize jets examples Citation Latitude Challenger 350 price 13 million to $25 million large long range jets examples GFream G600 Falcon 8X price $45 million to $75 million ultra Long range luxury jets examples Bombardier Global 7500 Gulfream G700 price 75 million to $95 million. [music] VIP airliners business jets configured from large airliners examples Boeing BBJ Airbus ACJ price 100 million to $450 million plus. But the price you pay upfront is only the beginning. After that, the real spending begins. Depreciation is the most overlooked cost. A private jet loses value every year, just like a luxury car. Average depreciation 5% to 15% per year. For large jets, $3 million to $7 million lost every year. Example, a $100 million Gulfream G700 can lose $7 million in year 1,4 to5 million per year after that. Even if you barely fly it, the jet loses value. Depreciation is the number one biggest cost of owning a private aircraft. You can't fly a jet without a team. A typical private jet requires a pilot $150,000 to $250,000 per year. Pilot 2, first officer, $90,000 to $170,000 per year. Flight [music] attendant for larger jets, $60,000 to $120,000 per [music] year. Scheduling and management support, $20,000 to $50,000 per year. Total annual crew cost $250,000 to $500,000 plus. Elite jets like Bombardier Global or G700 often pay top dollar to [music] attract the best crews. Fuel is one of the largest ongoing expenses. Private jets burn fuel fast and burn a lot. Example fuel burn. Light jet 120 to 160 gall hour. Midsize jet 200 to 250 gall hour. Long range jet 350 to 500 gall hour. Jet fuel costs average 5 to8 per gallon varies worldwide. Flight example New York to LA. A long range jet burns around 4,000 gallons. Fuel cost 4,000 gall times $6.50 equals $26,000 for one flight. Annual fuel estimate, if you fly 200 to 300 hours per year, typical private jet owner. Light jet 100,000 to $200,000. Midsize jet $250,000 to $500,000. Long range jet $600,000 to $1.2 $2 million plus. Fuel alone can reach over a million dollars per year. Jets are extremely complex machines. Maintenance is mandatory and constant. Maintenance includes routine inspections, engine checks, avionics monitoring, cabin maintenance, tire replacements, brake replacements, safety checks. Jets have A, B, C, and D level checks. Each getting more expensive. Annual cost for maintenance. Light jets 200,000 to $300,000. Midsize jets $300,000 to $500,000. Long range jets 600,000 to $1.5 million. Engine programs. Most jet owners enroll in an engine maintenance program. Examples: Rolls-Royce Corporate Care, Prattton Whitney ESP, Honeywell MSP. Engine program fees $200 to $500 per engine per flight hour. For a long range jet, $500,000 to $800,000 per year just for engines. Your jet needs a home. Hangar rental cost per year. Small jet $30,000 to $50,000. Midsize [music] jet $60,000 to $100,000. Large jet $120,000 to $250,000. Premium airports, $300,000 plus. For a Gulfream or global jet, [music] $150,000 to $300,000 per year is normal. Flying a private jet comes with massive liability. Insurance typically costs $30,000 to $60,000 for small jets, $80,000 to $200,000 for large jets. VIP airliners $300,000 plus. Premiums increase with pilot experience, aircraft age, passenger list. Famous people equals higher risk. [music] Every airport charges fees. Fees include landing fees, ramp fees, overnight parking, handling services, customs and immigration, international flights. Per flight cost, $500 to $3,000. Large jets at busy airports can pay $5,000 to $10,000 per landing. Private jet meals make first class [music] look basic. Luxury catering costs. Regular meals $200 to $500. Premium meals $1,000 plus. Multicourse chef prepared. Caviar $2,000 to $5,000. [music] Champagne donan or krug $300 to $800 per bottle. Annual catering cost depends on usage, usually $30,000 to $100,000 plus. Private jets require luxury level cleaning. [music] Cleaning costs, light cleaning, $200. Deep cleaning $500 to $1,000. Full detailing $2,000 [music] to $5,000. Carpet or seat refresh $10,000 to $30,000. Full interior renovation can cost $500,000 to $3 million depending on materials. Elite owners want satellite internet, 4K entertainment systems, full cabin automation, secure communication systems, Wi-Fi cost install $200,000 to $500,000. [music] Annual subscription $20,000 to $100,000 per year. Yes, [music] your airplane Wi-Fi bill can exceed your home mortgage. Many owners hire management companies to handle everything. Scheduling, maintenance, pilot hiring, insurance, fuel negotiation, accounting, compliance, management fees, $100,000 to $200,000 per year. Many owners charter their jet when not [music] using it. revenue. You earn 3,000 to $15,000 per hour depending on the jet. But charter flights increase maintenance, wear and tear, crew costs, engine hours, cleaning needs. Most owners still lose money, but chartering reduces their annual cost by 20 to 50%. Let's summarize the yearly cost for different jets. Lightjet Honda Jet Phenom 300 purchase 3 million to9 million annual cost 700,000 to 1.2 2 million midsize jet challenger 350 citation longitude purchase 15 million to 25 million annual cost 1.5 million to 2.5 million large long range jet global 7500 G700 Falcon 8X purchase 60 million to 95 million annual cost 3 million to6 million plus VIP airliner Boeing BBJ Airbus ACJ purchase 150 million to450 million annual cost 10 million to 25 million plus. Owning a private jet is like running a small company a very expensive one. Jet experts use a simple rule. If you don't fly 200 hours per year, do not buy a jet. Below that threshold, charter or fractional ownership is smarter. Only people who travel weekly, run companies, have large teams, need privacy, value time over money should own a private jet. [music] This is why billionaires buy jets and millionaires often don't. [music] For billionaires, a private jet is not a luxury. It is a time machine. It gives them freedom, control, speed, privacy, security, productivity, the ability to run their empire from the sky. If one hour of their time is worth $50,000 and a jet saves them five hours per flight, the jet literally pays for itself in business value. So, how much does it really cost to own a private jet, millions to buy, millions per year to operate, and millions more in hidden expenses. But for the ultra wealthy, for the people whose time is more valuable than money, a private jet isn't a luxury at all. It's a necessity. If you enjoyed this deep dive into billionaire aviation, make sure to like the video, subscribe to Elite World, and comment which jet you want us to cover [music] next. This is Elite World, where we explore the life of luxury few ever see.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wayne-d8g [1 likes]: If you have to ask, you can't afford it!!!
  2. @JurgenHomola [1 likes]: False economics, dude!!!

- The Real Cost Of Owning A Gulfstream G700: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿Imagine being able to traverse continents in the&nbsp; blink of an eye, dining at the finest restaurants&nbsp;&nbsp; in Paris and then catching a Broadway show in&nbsp; New York, all in the same day. The Gulfstream&nbsp;&nbsp; G Seven Hundred isn't just a jet; it's a&nbsp; ticket to a life where time and distance are&nbsp;&nbsp; mere suggestions. But before you dream too big,&nbsp; let's talk about the real cost of owning one of&nbsp;&nbsp; these flying masterpieces. Spoiler alert: it’s&nbsp; more than just the price tag. In today's video,&nbsp;&nbsp; we’re diving deep into every financial aspect&nbsp; of owning a Gulfstream G Seven Hundred, from&nbsp;&nbsp; the upfront purchase to the ongoing expenses&nbsp; that keep this beast in the air. Buckle up;&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s going to be an eye-opening journey! Purchase Price and Customization &nbsp; First things first, let's talk about the sticker&nbsp; price. The Gulfstream G Seven Hundred is one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the most advanced and luxurious private jets&nbsp; on the market today. It comes with a base price&nbsp;&nbsp; of about seventy-five million dollars. Yes, you&nbsp; heard that right—seventy-five million dollars. But&nbsp;&nbsp; that's just the starting point. If you want&nbsp; to add your personal touch, and who wouldn’t,&nbsp;&nbsp; considering the level of luxury we're talking&nbsp; about, the price can quickly escalate. Customizing&nbsp;&nbsp; the interior with high-end finishes, unique&nbsp; seating arrangements, and state-of-the-art&nbsp;&nbsp; technology can add anywhere from five to&nbsp; twenty million dollars to the final cost. Now, you might be wondering, why would anyone&nbsp; spend that much on customization? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; the answer lies in the level of personalization&nbsp; and exclusivity. The G Seven Hundred offers a&nbsp;&nbsp; blank canvas for owners to design their ideal&nbsp; flying experience. Whether you want a conference&nbsp;&nbsp; room for in-flight business meetings, a luxurious&nbsp; master suite with a full-size bed, or even a fully&nbsp;&nbsp; equipped kitchen, the sky is literally the limit.&nbsp; But remember, each of these luxuries comes with a&nbsp;&nbsp; hefty price tag. Ongoing Costs So, you’ve shelled out nearly one hundred million&nbsp; dollars for your dream jet. What next? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; owning a Gulfstream G Seven Hundred isn't&nbsp; just about the initial investment; there are&nbsp;&nbsp; significant ongoing costs to consider. Maintenance&nbsp; is a big one. Even though Gulfstream jets are&nbsp;&nbsp; known for their reliability, regular maintenance&nbsp; checks are crucial to ensure safety and optimal&nbsp;&nbsp; performance. Annual maintenance costs can range&nbsp; from one million to three million dollars,&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on the extent of work required&nbsp; and whether any parts need replacing. Then there's the crew. Operating a G&nbsp; Seven Hundred requires a skilled team,&nbsp;&nbsp; including at least two pilots, a flight&nbsp; attendant, and potentially a mechanic for&nbsp;&nbsp; longer journeys. Salaries for this elite crew&nbsp; can run anywhere from two hundred thousand to&nbsp;&nbsp; five hundred thousand dollars per year. But don’t&nbsp; forget, this team is crucial for ensuring that&nbsp;&nbsp; your flights are not only safe but also as&nbsp; comfortable and luxurious as possible. Another significant expense is hangar fees.&nbsp; Unless you have your own private airstrip, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; need to rent space to store your jet. Hangar&nbsp; fees can vary greatly depending on location,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can expect to pay between one hundred&nbsp; thousand and two hundred thousand dollars annually&nbsp;&nbsp; for a spot at a major airport. Transform your space with the elegance&nbsp;&nbsp; of private jets. Visit our brand new&nbsp; online shop now to find exclusive wall&nbsp;&nbsp; art that brings the luxury of the skies to&nbsp; your home. Click the first link in the video&nbsp;&nbsp; description or the pinned comment to explore our&nbsp; collection and make your walls take flight! Fuel Cost: Let's talk about fuel,&nbsp;&nbsp; the essential lifeblood of your Gulfstream G Seven&nbsp; Hundred. This jet is powered by two Rolls-Royce&nbsp;&nbsp; Pearl Seven engines, which are incredibly&nbsp; efficient but still require a significant amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of fuel. The G Seven Hundred has a maximum range&nbsp; of seven thousand five hundred nautical miles,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it burns approximately five hundred gallons&nbsp; of fuel per hour. The cost of jet fuel fluctuates,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as of now, you’re looking at roughly five&nbsp; dollars per gallon. So, for a long-haul flight&nbsp;&nbsp; from New York to Tokyo, which is about six&nbsp; thousand seven hundred nautical miles, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at a fuel cost of around one hundred fifty&nbsp; thousand dollars. And that’s just one trip! Fuel costs can add up quickly, especially if&nbsp; you’re a frequent flyer. It's essential to budget&nbsp;&nbsp; for these expenses and consider them a significant&nbsp; part of the total cost of ownership. Some owners&nbsp;&nbsp; try to mitigate these costs by optimizing flight&nbsp; plans or flying at altitudes that offer better&nbsp;&nbsp; fuel efficiency, but there's no getting around the&nbsp; fact that flying a Gulfstream G Seven Hundred is&nbsp;&nbsp; an expensive endeavor. Insurance: Insurance is another crucial aspect of owning a&nbsp; Gulfstream G Seven Hundred. Given the high value&nbsp;&nbsp; of the aircraft, comprehensive insurance coverage&nbsp; is essential. Insurance costs can vary based on&nbsp;&nbsp; several factors, including the pilot's experience,&nbsp; the frequency of flights, and the regions where&nbsp;&nbsp; the jet will be operated. On average, you can&nbsp; expect to pay between two hundred thousand and&nbsp;&nbsp; five hundred thousand dollars annually for&nbsp; a full-coverage insurance policy. This will&nbsp;&nbsp; cover everything from potential damage to the&nbsp; aircraft to liability in case of accidents. While these costs might seem high, they are a&nbsp; necessary expense to protect your significant&nbsp;&nbsp; investment. Skimping on insurance is not an&nbsp; option, as the potential financial consequences&nbsp;&nbsp; of an accident or damage to the aircraft far&nbsp; outweigh the costs of a comprehensive policy. Don't forget to like this&nbsp; video, subscribe to our channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; and activate the notifications. Don't miss any&nbsp; of our videos about the world of luxury. Depreciation: Now, let's discuss a&nbsp;&nbsp; less obvious but equally important cost:&nbsp; depreciation. Like any high-value asset,&nbsp;&nbsp; a Gulfstream G Seven Hundred loses value&nbsp; over time. Depreciation rates can vary,&nbsp;&nbsp; but private jets typically depreciate at a&nbsp; rate of five to ten percent per year. Over&nbsp;&nbsp; a period of ten years, this can result in a&nbsp; significant loss in the aircraft's value. For&nbsp;&nbsp; a jet that cost nearly one hundred million&nbsp; dollars, this could mean a depreciation loss&nbsp;&nbsp; of five to ten million dollars per year. Depreciation is an inevitable part of owning a&nbsp;&nbsp; private jet, and it’s something potential owners&nbsp; need to consider. While the value of the jet may&nbsp;&nbsp; decrease over time, the costs of maintenance,&nbsp; crew, fuel, and other expenses remain constant,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it a considerable ongoing&nbsp; financial commitment. Additional Expenses: Owning a Gulfstream G Seven Hundred also&nbsp;&nbsp; comes with a host of other potential expenses.&nbsp; Upgrades and modifications are common,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially as new technologies emerge. Whether&nbsp; it's upgrading the avionics, installing new&nbsp;&nbsp; entertainment systems, or refurbishing the&nbsp; interior, these costs can add up quickly. Then there are taxes and registration fees, which&nbsp; vary depending on the country and state where&nbsp;&nbsp; the jet is registered. These can include import&nbsp; taxes, sales taxes, and annual registration fees,&nbsp;&nbsp; which can total anywhere from several thousand to&nbsp; several hundred thousand dollars annually. Finally, there are the costs associated with&nbsp; using private terminals, or Fixed Base Operators.&nbsp;&nbsp; These facilities offer a range of services, from&nbsp; fueling and maintenance to passenger lounges and&nbsp;&nbsp; catering. While Fixed Base Operators provide&nbsp; a high level of convenience and comfort, they&nbsp;&nbsp; also come with additional fees, which can vary&nbsp; depending on the location and services used. After considering all these costs, you&nbsp; might be wondering if owning a Gulfstream&nbsp;&nbsp; G Seven Hundred is worth it. The answer&nbsp; depends on your perspective. For many,&nbsp;&nbsp; the prestige and convenience of owning one&nbsp; of the world's most advanced private jets&nbsp;&nbsp; outweigh the substantial costs. The G Seven&nbsp; Hundred offers unparalleled comfort, speed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and luxury, making it an attractive option for&nbsp; those who value their time and privacy. For business executives, the ability to travel&nbsp; quickly and efficiently between meetings in&nbsp;&nbsp; different parts of the world can be invaluable.&nbsp; For others, the sheer luxury and exclusivity of&nbsp;&nbsp; owning such a jet is a status symbol, a testament&nbsp; to their success and lifestyle. The Gulfstream&nbsp;&nbsp; G Seven Hundred is more than just a mode of&nbsp; transportation; it's a statement, a flying office,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a private sanctuary all rolled into one. Owning a Gulfstream G Seven Hundred is a&nbsp;&nbsp; significant financial commitment&nbsp; that goes far beyond the initial&nbsp;&nbsp; purchase price. The ongoing costs of maintenance,&nbsp; crew salaries, fuel, insurance, depreciation, and&nbsp;&nbsp; other expenses add up quickly. However, for those&nbsp; who can afford it, the benefits of owning such an&nbsp;&nbsp; advanced and luxurious jet are undeniable. Whether you’re considering purchasing a Gulfstream&nbsp;&nbsp; G Seven Hundred or are simply curious about&nbsp; the costs involved, it’s clear that owning one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these magnificent machines is not just about&nbsp; the money; it's about embracing a lifestyle that&nbsp;&nbsp; values convenience, privacy, and unparalleled&nbsp; luxury. So, if you're ready to take the plunge,&nbsp;&nbsp; the G Seven Hundred offers an experience&nbsp; like no other—a true marvel of modern&nbsp;&nbsp; aviation that lets you own the sky. If you made it to the end of the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; comment which jet do you like the most and if&nbsp; you enjoyed this video, click here to discover&nbsp;&nbsp; a full aircraft review of this jet’s rival: The&nbsp; Bombardier Global 8000. See you there in a second.

  Top Comments:
  1. @moresugartradercc2744 [7 likes]: Yes it is worth the cost
  2. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [5 likes]: 1) Transform your space with stunning wall art of the most iconic private jets! Elevate your home or office with our exclusive collection. Shop now and bring the luxury of the skies to your walls! ✈
➡ https://bit.ly/WOL-Shop

2) Share this video with friends, family and groups. This way, you help bring this content to everyone!

3) Enjoying the content? Consider supporting to help us creating these videos. Your support means a lot!
➡ https://www.buymeacoffee.com/world_of_luxury

4) Become a member of the World Of Luxury channel and help us significantly 👇
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOXYJ7pl4IhdjzH62L6hXAw/join

5) Drop a comment with your thoughts or suggestions. We value your input.
Thanks! 🙌✨
  3. @amilkarcristobal6371 [3 likes]: Theres a mistake on how much cost fuel to fly from NY to Tokyo. AROUND 15 HRS FLIGHT LUKING AT 500 GL X Hour it about 38k on fuel cost.
  4. @ShahinParbaj-l9z [3 likes]: More big
  5. @sjwilloughby-greene8214 [2 likes]: ❤️
  6. @BaliMabula [1 likes]: It's cool great ❤😂🎉😢😮😅😊
  7. @serdzhu: Havn't I missed it they call it Beast on the market?  O yea Sir ... Where did they take such an opportunidad from? Estrella Sir!
Estrella or Easter? Sounds very familliar Sir....  Why do you call ME SIR? I don not know Sir....  S might be from ES... And what about AS.... Who Knows S I R? Nowadays children do know something and not only from new old Doing AS..... O yeah Sir! 
O Man!
  8. @TariqSiphungu: COLIN POWELL SHARON POWELL SHEIKS LADY SHEIKS GENERALS VLADIMIR KNOWLEDGE WISDOM 🟡 AL SHAMS 🟡 SUN PARADISE FACTS THEY ARE IN CONTROL OF ALL STAFF
  9. @BaliMabula: Ok❤😂🎉😢😮😅😊
  10. @serafimmartins-wz2hr: Interessante!

- Inside Steven Spielberg's CONTROVERSIAL Gulfstream G650!: Kind: captions Language: en the legendary film director Steven Spielberg has made nothing but Blockbusters throughout his career with his billions the director has made some of the most lavish purchases in his Gulfstream G650 is one of them that recently got him into a major controversy let's have a look inside Steven Spielberg's controversial G650 what is the reason behind the controversy the billionaire film director Steven Spielberg's name has come under Fire the director has been called a hypocrite for having a different set of values for himself and preaching different values to others when it comes to the crisis related to climate change three years ago Spielberg was the one telling everyone that everyone needs to be held responsible for climate change Since the situation is very terrifying but turns out he's been actively participating in global gas emission one of the leading causes for climate change we knew about Taylor Smith who has used her jet more than 170 times in just one year and Elon Musk who made similar headlines for making excessive use of his private jet but we have a new member to top The List Steven Spielberg the director who owns a Gulfstream G650 is reported to have used more than 116 thousand dollars in jet fuel over just two months according to the reports an exact figure since June 23 the jet took 16 trips spanning nearly 17 000 miles 27 359 kilometers at a cost monster 116 159 dollars in fuel in addition some of these trips were abroad like a couple to the Netherlands and one to Ireland but most were local across the states and some of them so short as to undertake them by car and yes this is the same Spielberg who in his 2018 interview said I'm terrified of global warming global warming is a scientific reality it's not a political trick it's a true piece of real measurable quantifiable science people have to come around to believing that this is we're going to have a kind of confrontation with Destiny unless we do something about it today he continued I don't think people are purposefully trying to destroy the natural ability of our planet to reproduce but it's happening at the same time he also reminded people to be mindful and said you know when you're not mindful of something that could pose a danger to your children and grandchildren then you just go blindly through life with aerosol cans and doing all sorts of things that are depleting the ozone well we can see who's depleting the ozone here we've given you the controversial side of his dead so now let's have a peek inside his lavish jet but before we move ahead make sure you like this video subscribe to our Channel and hit the notification Bell so you get more video updates like this inside Steven Spielberg's Gulfstream G650 the veteran Hollywood filmmaker has a total net worth of 3.7 billion dollars as per the reports he earns more than 100 million US dollars every year and a lot of this money comes from the theme parks based on his blockbuster movies such as jaws and ET the director who has Blockbusters such as jaws and Schindler's List under his belt bought his private jet for more than 70 million dollars his Gulfstream G650 has a registration number in 900 KS according to the sources the K in the registration number is the initial for his wife's name Kate and S is the initial for his name and the aircraft is registered to amblin entertainment without any doubt a Gulfstream G650 is believed to be one of the best business Jets the plane comes with a number of luxury amenities and can accommodate more than 18 passengers the plane features traditional oval Windows as per its description the spacious interior is a refined getaway above the clouds where Supreme Comfort meets High design and Innovation it claims to be designed with your comfort and productivity in mind our handcrafted seats allow you to settle in and enjoy the journey the Devon and single seats convert to beds for added comfort and flexibility the G650 boasts a luxury interior with stunning aisle spaces the cabin features high-class audio and video equipment for entertainment purposes there's a place for every kind of food a private cabin for meetings is it all worth it despite the fact that this is one of the best private jets in the world using it at the expense of the climate and the lives affected by it doesn't make it very appealing according to the reports in total Spielberg's jet has emitted at least 179 tons of carbon dioxide over the past two months by comparison the average American has an annual carbon footprint of 16 tons and the average global footprint is 4 tons per person the report added While most of the flight routes and fuel consumption were recorded the database did not account for data on a few flights including two flights from Van nuis to Chicago and from Chicago to Martha's Vineyard so with such data it has been confirmed that Spielberg was 61 flights and emitting 4465 tons of CO2 this year alone he was the sixth biggest Defender for private jet use while the plane is surely a lavish purchase can provide all kinds of comfort and has all the Striking Aesthetics it is no better for the already depleting environment so Spielberg might have to reevaluate his actions and take notes from his 2018 interview because the environment cannot afford to absorb more carbon emission at this point and for someone who's terrified to see the environment in such a plight that shouldn't be hard right this brings us to the end of this video that was a detail of Steven Spielberg's controversial Gulf Stream G650 private jet what do you guys have to say comment down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @frosty287nab: Taylor Smith?! Lol, Tell me you only got hired to read scripts without telling me you only got higher to read scripts

- Mark Zuckerberg’s $600M Travel Empire |Mega Yacht Rumors vs Private Jet Reality | Empire of the Rich: Kind: captions Language: en What do you do for fun when you're worth over a quarter of a trillion dollars? For some billionaires, it means buying up assets that could rival the GDP of a small country. For Mark Zuckerberg, it means being at the center of an internet firestorm over a rumored $600 million empire of the sea and sky. We're talking about a $300 million mega yacht supposedly snapped up from a Russian oligarch and a fleet of private jets [music] that are breaking speed records. But in a world of online gossip and wild headlines, is any of it actually real? Is this just how billionaires live now? Or is it all a modern myth? Today, we're cutting through the noise and separating the facts [music] from the fiction. We're going to look into Mark Zuckerberg's travel ventures from the sea to the sky to figure out what's [music] real, what's a rumor, and what it all really costs. One, the $400 million mega yacht mystery. Let's start with the story that had everyone talking in early 2024. [music] The internet basically decided that Mark Zuckerberg, a guy famous for his simple gray t-shirts, had bought a spectacular $387 ft mega yacht named Launchpad. The rumored price, a cool 300 to $400 million. And this isn't just any old boat. Built by the legendary Dutch shipyard feed [music] ship, Launchpad is a work of art. It's a floating palace designed by the famous [music] Espen Oeno with room for 24 guests and a crew of 48 to look after them. The amenities list is pure fantasy. [music] A glass bottomed infinity pool with a waterfall, two helipads, [music] a cinema, a full gym with ocean views, a spa, and even a music studio. The ship is also a tech showcase, supposedly using AI powered climate control [music] and fingerprint locks on every door to make the story even juicier. The gossip was that the yacht was [music] first built for a sanctioned Russian oligarch before it landed in a new owner's hands. To top it all off, the rumors included a $30 million, $220 ft support ship called Wingman to haul extra fuel, jet skis, and a helicopter. Together, the fleet was pegged at well over $400 million. There's [music] just one tiny problem with this whole story. Despite all the articles and videos stating it as fact, there's zero public record or official word that Mark Zuckerberg owns Launchpad. [music] In fact, the narrative of Zuck suddenly making a splash in the yaching world, complete with fake details about his family celebrating birthdays on board seems to be a very compelling but ultimately unproven tall tale. The controversy didn't just [music] stop at who owned it. reports started assigning Launchpad's massive [music] environmental footprint directly to Zuckerberg. One claimed the yacht guzzled over 2 million L of diesel [music] and pumped out 5,300 tons of CO2 on a single 9,600m journey. These numbers are shocking and while the owner is a mystery, they shine a light on the very real ecological cost of extreme luxury. The average mega yacht can produce over 5,000 metric tons of pollution a year. A carbon footprint that [music] would take a normal person more than 800 years to create. So, while the image of Zuckerberg commanding a $400 million naval fleet is powerful, the reality is shrouded in doubt. [music] The story of Launchpad is a perfect example of how quickly rumors about billionaire excess can catch fire, but his empire doesn't end at the water's edge. And when we look to the sky, things get a lot clearer. Two, the sky high reality, a fleet of flying palaces. So, the mega yacht might be a ghost story, but Mark Zuckerberg's dominance in the sky that's very, very real and just as impressive. His private air travel is a finely tuned operation built for speed, security, and absolute [music] comfort. For years, the jewel of his collection has been a Gulfream G 650 ER. The gold standard for globe trotting billionaires. Bought back in 2021 through a trust, this jet is famous for its incredible 7,500 nautical mile range. [music] That's enough to fly from New York to Hong Kong without stopping. Inside the G650 ER is a flying office and five-star hotel with multiple living spaces, [music] a private suite, high-speed internet, and technology that keeps the cabin whisper quiet. But in the billionaire world, there's always an upgrade. Recently, the famous aviation tracker Jack Sweeney, the same guy who got into public [music] spats with Elon Musk over flight tracking, reported that Zuckerberg has a brand new toy, the Gulfream [music] G700. Neither Meta nor Zuckerberg has confirmed it, but the signs are all there. The new G700, which starts at around $80 million, has a blue and white paint job that's a perfect match for his G650 [music] ER, a look reportedly inspired by Facebook's colors. On top of that, flight data shows the new jet popping up at the same California airports near where Zuckerberg hangs out. The G700 is the new king of the Gulfream family. It takes performance and luxury to another level. The cabin is longer with room for up to five distinct living areas and can even include a master suite [music] with its own private shower. It has a cuttingedge air filtration system [music] and the lowest cabin altitude in the business which helps fight jet lag. For pilots, its advanced cockpit technology makes flying safer and easier in bad weather. With a top speed of nearly the speed of sound and a range of 7,750 nautical miles, it is the absolute peak of private air travel. With the G700, Zuckerberg now has a small fleet of private [music] jets easily worth over $150 million. This airborne empire lets him cross the globe with unmatched speed and privacy. A huge perk for a CEO running a global company. But as you can probably guess, all this convenience comes at a pretty steep cost to the planet. The carbon footprint is enormous. In just one 2-day period, trackers noted his G650 ER flew back and forth [music] between California and his massive compound in Hawaii. That trip burned over 7,200 gall of jet fuel and released [music] nearly 70 tons of CO2. To put that in perspective, that's more carbon than the average person produces in 4 years. This has understandably sparked outrage and accusations of hypocrisy, [music] especially when you remember Zuck himself once told a graduating class. How about stopping climate change before [music] we destroy the planet? And that's the tension, right? These jets are incredible business tools that offer security and efficiency, but their environmental price tag is becoming impossible to look away from. This level of luxury and the debates that come with it are fascinating. If you want to see more deep dives into the lives of the world's most [music] powerful people and the empires they run, make sure to subscribe and hit that notification bell so you don't miss what's next. So, where does that leave us with Mark Zuckerberg's travel habits? Well, the rumored $600 million figure held up by a mythical mega yacht seems to be more fiction than fact. [music] The story of the launchpad is a wild ride, but it's a narrative that just doesn't have the evidence to back it up. However, [music] the reality of his sky-high empire is no less staggering. a fleet of the world's most advanced private jets, including the new $80 million Gulfream G700, [music] gives him a level of global mobility that few can imagine. It's a world where tens of millions are spent on flying offices that connect continents in record time. But it's also a world that creates a massive and controversial environmental footprint with every single flight. This brings us to the final question. What do you think of this level of spending and its impact? Is a very real multi-million dollar private jet fleet an inspiring symbol of success? Or is it a troubling example of modern excess? Especially [music] when compared to a seemingly mythical super yacht. Let us know your thoughts in the comments below and subscribe our channel so you will never miss any updates.

- 6 Tech Billionaires and Their Insane Private Jets: From $27M to $88M!: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that the cost of maintaining a private jet can be as high as $5 million per year that's more than the price of a luxury mansion in Beverly Hills welcome to the world of tech billionaires and their private jets where the sky is not the limit but a playground let's get into it [Music] in the world of Technology Innovation and success often go hand inhand with luxurious Lifestyles and extravagant purchases private jet ownership is one such example providing an efficient and exclusive way for Tech billionaires to travel globally while showcasing their wealth and influence remember we're not just talking about any old planes here these are the Ferraris and Lamborghinis of the sky it is an ultimate status symbol reflecting their success and providing a valuable tool for conducting business efficiently today we take you on an exclusive Journey ranking Tech billionaires based on the cost of their private jets from spacious cabins and longrange capabilities to customized Interiors the private jets of tech billionaires are the Pinnacle of Aviation opulence number six Adam D'Angelo Gulf Stream G650 ER the marathon runner of the Skies Adam D'Angelo the brain behind Kora owns a Gulfstream G650 ER purchased in 2019 think of it as a marathon runner it's built for long distances and doesn't Tire easily Gulfstream Aerospace a renowned Business Jet manufacturer produced this Ultra longrange aircraft that can efficiently transport Adam and his team around the world with a price tag of $ 66.5 million it's not just about getting from A to B but about how you get there the Gulf Stream G650 ER offers a spacious cabin that can accommodate up to 19 passengers in a typical configuration annual maintenance costs for a Gulf Stream G650 ER can range from $2 million to $4 million these costs in include regular inspections maintenance programs hanger rental and potential overhaul costs for engines and major systems as for crew costs employing a full-time two-person pilot crew can cost approximately $400,000 to $600,000 annually including salaries benefits and training can you imagine what it's like to fly in such luxury in 2021 Adam D'Angelo the co-founder of quora faced a backlash from environmental activists for his choice of private jet the Gulf G650 ER with its fuel intensive nature was criticized for the carbon emissions that produced during D'Angelo's extensive air travel this controversy sparked a debate about the alignment of personal actions with company values as quora promoted environmental sustainability critics argued that D'Angelo's private jet use undermine the company's eco-friendly image number five Steve Balmer bombarder Challenger 350 the perfect balance Steve Balmer the man who once LED Microsoft acquired is bombarder Challenger 350 in 2016 it's like a perfectly balanced meal it gives you just the right amount of performance and comfort and at $27 million it's a meal that keeps on giving bombarder a Canadian Aerospace company engineered this medium range Business Jet known for its impressive climb performance efficient fuel consumption and spacious cabin that boasts a flat floor cabin design with a maximum speed of mock 0.83 about 550 mph or 800 85 kmph the Challenger 350 can cover medium range distances of up to 3,200 nautical mes 5,926 km non-stop the bombarder Challenger 350 can accommodate up to 10 passengers comfortably employing a full-time two-person pilot crew for the Challenger 350 can cost approximately $300,000 to $450,000 per year the annual maintenance cost for the bombarder Challenger 350 is estimated to be around 1. $5 million to $2 million operating costs which include fuel crew insurance and Landing fees can range from $3,000 to $4,000 per hour of flight time number four Eric Schmidt bombarder Global 8000 the luxury liner of the sky Eric Schmidt the former captain of the Google ship purchased his bombarder Global 8000 in 2020 this is the luxury liner of the sky offering unparalleled range and accommodations at 73 million it's a floating palace in the clouds with a maximum speed of mock 0.90 about 590 mph or 950 kmph the global 8000 boasts an impressive Ultra long range capability of 7,900 nautical miles 14,63 km the bombarder global 8000 offers a generous cabin space that can typical configuration a full-time dedicated twers pilot crew for the global 8,000 con cost approximately $500,000 to $750,000 per year the annual maintenance cost for the bombarder global 8,000 can range from $2.5 million to $4 million in 2013 Eric Schmidt the former executive chairman of Google Now alphabet faced intense backlash for his use of a private jet owned by the company for personal travel this incident sparked controversy as it raised questions about the appropriate use of company resources critics argued that Schmidt's actions reflected a disregard for corporate governance and set a questionable precedent for other Executives the controversy led to increased scrutiny of his private jet usage and prompted alphabet to implement stricter policies regarding the use of company assets number three Mark Zuckerberg Boeing Business Jet BBJ the flying Mansion Mark Zuckerberg the architect of meta platforms formerly Facebook owns a Boeing Business Jet BBJ purchased in 2018 this is not just a jet it's a flying mansion with room to spare with a price tag of $88 million it's a mansion that flies above the clouds Boeing a renowned American Aerospace company customize this large cabin Business Jet to serve as Zuckerberg's private flying headquarters the BBJ has a maximum speed of Mack 0.82 about 540 mph or 870 kmph and a long range capability of 6,200 nautical miles 11,482 km the BBJ offers a vast cabin space can accommodate up to 50 passengers in a typical configuration the annual maintenance cost for a BBJ can range from $3 million to $5 million operating costs can be expected to fall between $5,000 and $66,000 per hour a flight time employing a full-time dedicated two-person pilot crew for the BBJ can cost approximately $600,000 to $900,000 per year can you imagine having such a home in the sky Mark Zuckerberg's ownership of the Boeing Business Jet BBG J has sparked controversy with critics questioning his extravagant spending as Facebook now meta face scandals and privacy concerns Zuckerberg's $88 million flying Mansion was seen as a symbol of excessive luxury the public scrutinized his lavish purchase contrasting it with the company's struggles and users privacy violations number two Elon Musk Boeing 757 the jumbo jet Transformer Elon Musk the Visionary behind SpaceX and Tesla owns a Boeing 757 that he purchased in 2013 this is not just a plane it's a Transformer it was once a commercial airliner but now it's been refurbished to suit musk's unique needs at $70 million it's a jumbo jet with a personal touch this jet is a former airliner that has been converted for private use with a range of luxurious amenities the Boeing 757 has a maximum speed of mock 0.80 about 530 mph or 850 km hour and a longrange capability of 4,400 nautical 8,149 km Elon musk's Boeing 757 can accommodate up to 50 passengers in a customized configuration the annual maintenance cost for a Boeing 757 can range from $3.5 million to $5 million operating costs are between $7,000 and $88,000 per hour of flight time on average airport handling fees can range from $1,500 to $50 $1,000 per visit Elon Musk the Visionary known for his ambitious projects has faced criticism for his private jet usage despite his advocacy for addressing climate change musk's extensive private jet travel has drawn media attention activists accuse him of hypocrisy highlighting the high carbon emissions of his Boeing 757 this controversy Sparks debates on aligning actions with values as musk leads the way in Innovation the public scrutinizes his choices urging him to reconcile his impact on the environment with his commitment to sustainability number one Bill Gates bombarder bd700 global Express the global Samaritan Bill Gates the co-founder of Microsoft in 2016 purchased a bombarder bd700 global Express this is not just a jet it's a global Samaritan aiding gates in his worldwide humanitarian efforts at $72 million it's a testament to the power of giving with a maximum speed of mock 0.90 about 500 90 mph or 950 kmph the global Express boasts an impressive ultr long range capability of 7,7 nautical 14,260 km a full-time dedicated two-person pilot crew for the global Express can cost approximately $600,000 to $900,000 per year the bombarder bd700 global Express offers a generous cabin space that can accommodate up to 19 the annual maintenance cost for the bombarder bd700 Global Express can range from $2.5 million to $4 million not including the operating expenses which includes fuel crew insurance and Landing fees can be expected to fall between $4,500 and $5,500 per hour of flight time airport handling fees for the global Express can range from $800 to $88,000 per visit the world of private jet ownership among Tech billionaires is an intriguing and lavish one from Adam D'Angelo's low-key yet power ful Gulf Stream G650 ER to Bill Gates top of the line bombarder bd700 Global Express we have explored the incredible features and amenities that make these aircrafts so desirable these Jets offer their owners unparalleled Freedom efficiency and privacy showcasing their success and providing a valuable tool for their Global Empires so are you ready to take off and join the ranks of these Tech billionaires if you want to keep up with the latest in Tech billionaire Lifestyles don't forget to like And subscribe to our Channel also let let us know in the comments which luxury private jet and Tech billionaire combo impressed you the most see you in the next one

- Mark Zuckerberg’s $600M Travel Empire EXPOSED | Jets, Yachts, Bunkers, and a Climate Nightmare: Kind: captions Language: en Here's a fact that will blow your mind. Mark Zuckerberg burns more fuel in one day than you will in your entire lifetime. While you're worried about gas prices, this man just spent $80 million on his second private jet. But that's not the shocking part. The shocking part, in just 2 weeks, his private jet produced 159 tons of carbon emissions. That's what 10 average people create in a whole year. And wait until you see what he's hiding underground in Hawaii. Remember when Mark Zuckerberg was coding Facebook in his Harvard dorm room? Back then, he probably took the bus like everyone else. Fast forward 20 years and this man has built a travel empire that puts most count's air forces to shame. But here's the crazy part. The same guy who created a platform to bring the world together now travels so far above the world that he literally breathes different air than the rest of us. Zuckerberg doesn't just own a private jet. He owns two of the most expensive planes money can buy. His main ride is a Gulfream G650 ER worth $68 million. This beast can fly 7,500 m without stopping and has two engines that produce £17,000 of thrust each. But in 2024, he bought an even newer toy, a Gulfream G700 worth $80 million. Why does one person need two jets? The answer is darker than you think. Flight data shows his first jet made 42 flights in just three months of 2024. That's more than most people drive in a week. If his jets seem crazy, his boat collection will make your jaw drop. Zuckerberg owns three massive yachts worth over $400 million total. The biggest one is called Launchpad, a $300 million floating palace. That's 388 ft long with 13 bedrooms and space for 49 crew members. But that's not enough for Mark. He also bought Wingman, a $30 million support yacht with its own hospital and diving center. His third yacht has something on it that will shock you, and it's not what rich people usually put on boats. Here's where this story gets really ugly. While Facebook tells users to care about the environment, Zuckerberg is personally destroying it. In just 2 months, his jet made 28 trips and pumped 253 tons of carbon into the air. That's 17 times more than what an average American creates in a whole year. His new jet's first flight from California to Hawaii burned 5,500 kg of fuel and released 19 tons of CO2. Some of his flights are so short, just 18 miles lasting 3 minutes, that it would be faster to drive. Get this. Meta claims to be net zero for emissions, while their CEO produces 1,500 tons of carbon every year. That's 100 times more than a normal person. Private jets create 10 times more pollution than regular flights and 50 times more than trains. But here's the twisted part. He's spending millions to fight climate change while being one of the worst polluters on Earth. Zuckerberg's travel isn't random. Every flight connects his massive real estate empire worth over $200 million. He owns a 5house compound in California worth $50 million, two Lake Tahoe estates for $59 million, and over 1,200 acres in Hawaii. his newest purchase, a $23 million mansion in Washington DC. Bought specifically to influence politicians. And that Hawaiian property includes a $5,000 square ft underground bunker that connects to his travel network. Meta spends $14 million every year just on Zuckerberg security. That's $38,000 every single day. The company says they need this because negative feelings about Meta transfer directly to Mark Zuckerberg. His security team works 24/7 with advanced teams, route planning, and coordination with police. When he travels internationally, entire government agencies get involved, all paid for by Meta shareholders. But the real cost of his paranoia will make you sick. In 2024, Zuckerberg took his jets on a strategic tour across Asia, Japan, South Korea, and India. This wasn't vacation. He met with Samsung's chairman about AI deals, attended a billionaire's wedding in India, and even tried to meet South Korea's president. These trips require diplomatic coordination and cost millions in security and logistics. All to expand Meta's global power. Here's the most disgusting part of this whole story. While Zuckerberg was increasing his travel budget, Meta fired 21,000 employees. Let me repeat that. $21,000 people lost their jobs while his private jet costs went from $1.6 million to $2.3 million per year. His total other compensation in 2023 was $24.4 million. That's $67,000 every single day while thousands of families lost their income. The real cost, Meta shareholders unknowingly pay $14,000 per hour for his flights, more than most people make in months. Meta spends more on executive jet travel than any other S&P 500 company, more than car companies, more than casinos, more than anyone. Corporate jet spending has increased 92% since 2015, and Zuckerberg leads this race to the bottom. His jets cost $8,000 to $1,000 per hour to operate. With 42 flights in just one quarter, we're talking about $34 million annually before maintenance and crew costs. that climate investment. He and his wife put $44 million into companies that capture CO2 from the air. But his personal emissions destroy more than these investments can ever save. His third yacht, U81, has a full-size basketball court on the deck. This man literally plays basketball while floating on the ocean. That Hawaiian bunker isn't just for emergencies. It connects to a private airirstrip. Zuckerberg built a complete escape system that bypasses all normal transportation. He can disappear underground and emerge at his private jet without anyone knowing. So, here's the question that haunts this entire story. How did the man who promised to connect the world become the most disconnected person on Earth? Mark Zuckerberg built Facebook to bring people together. Instead, he used it to build a $600 million travel empire that separates him from everyone else. While preaching about community, he lives in isolation. While talking about the environment, he destroys it. While asking for trust, he hides in bunkers and flies above the clouds. Every time you use Facebook or Instagram, every ad you see, every like you give, you're paying for this lifestyle. You're funding the jets, the yachts, the bunkers, and the security teams. The man who said he wanted to make the world more open and connected has built the most closed and disconnected life in human history. He promised to bring us together, but used our data to lift himself so far above us that we can't even see him anymore. This isn't just about one rich guy's toys. This is about what happens when tech power goes unchecked. when connecting people becomes about disconnecting yourself from them completely. Mark Zuckerberg's travel empire isn't transportation, it's separation, and we're all paying for it. What do you think about this level of excess? Drop your thoughts in the comments and subscribe for more shocking tech billionaire secrets.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MBAraujo35: 🥱
  2. @RoyBrandonFlores: Hi Rich People TV, great video! Deserves more views. Perhaps vyrotimes can help with that.

- EBACE TV: Gulfstream Executive Discusses the G800 and Sustainability: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to ebase TV I'm Allison godlove it is day one of ebase 2023 joining me now in the studio is Scott Evans he is the director of demonstration ACS and corporate flight operations Scott thank you for being here Allison good morning thank you for having us on the first day of the show yes welcome on the first day how are you feeling about the week oh it's it's amazing it's always great to be here in Europe and spending time with our customers Geneva is an amazing location as well yes and I loved that you said that you have been to every ebase since the beginning I bet that's got to be incredible to experience it is it's amazing to see how this show has continued to grow it's a great location just because you can mix the static display along with all the booths and it just makes it easy for you to take in the aviation environment it's obvious really an incredible show but why is eBay so important for Gulfstream well it's a great central location for us to come spend time with all our customers Europe is a very important market for us and it also draws in the Middle East and so we can be here be located with them and then get a chance to showcase our products and services to take care of them yeah let's talk about what you have here then there's a new aircraft that you have on display here for the first time exactly the 800 is making its debut here our flight test aircraft is here and getting a chance to see what that is obviously that's our newest model in flight test right behind that is our 700 we're obviously in certification for at the moment as well it's here with the interior so you can see what the finished product is we also have our 500 here and 280 and a 650 so we've got our family so that we can show the broad depth of options that we can provide our customers it really is a great experience to be able to go out to the aircraft display and see the aircraft right but for people maybe that couldn't make it to the show talk to me a little bit about what it's like to go you said you could go on board what is that like to be on board well just getting a chance to experience right there time machines they're making the world a smaller place so that our customers can do the business around the world that they need to so getting a chance to walk through and think about what it is you know whether whether you've got a European Mission or you need to go to the other side of the world we had products that fit that demand signal and you know we got ranges up to 16 and a half hours so you can see what that time would be on board the airplane and such an important piece with business Aviation absolutely absolutely so sustainability is a very important topic it is every year here at ebase but this year especially talk to me about sustainability with Gulfstream and the importance with you well absolutely you know you think about it we sustainability is the key to long-term experience of business Aviation as a whole and honestly our environment as a whole so you know for us we've been at it for nearly two decades of focused on on how to make Aviation and travel more sustainable investing in that testing new products investing in new engine Technologies new airplanes that are over 30 percent more efficient than they were just decade ago so sustainability is is part of our DNA as Gulf Stream and we'll continue to be an industry leader to get us there that can be in major Investments of whether we're investing in sustainable aviation fuel development of new airplanes education is a huge piece helping people understand what is sustainable and you don't have to start big it can be small things thinking about how you're building your new facility what products you're purchasing what equipment you're purchasing to support so we we're trying to cover all areas of that and and help our customers and potential customers understand how sustainability plays into what they do every day it's top of mind all the time every day yeah every day well Scott thank you so much for coming by to talk with us and us and day one here at eBay well it's our pleasure and thank you thank you providing this opportunity and everybody please come out to the show and and take it in and stop by your booth and say absolutely come say hi that'd be great thank you so much

- Are Private Jets REALLY Bad for the Environment?: Kind: captions Language: en-US - What up world? Myles Bess here. Journalists, host, and someone who likes long walks on the beach. And by that I mean short walks to my couch. Private jets, the ultimate status symbol. It feels like every music video has them, and DJs use them as their personal taxis. But, and this is a big but, and I cannot lie, sorry I had to, but private jets are not great when it comes to climate change. And that's because they are literally the least fuel-efficient way to travel. A private jet can emit two metric tons of CO2 in just one hour. For comparison, the average car emits about 4.6 metric tons in an entire year. In other words, private jets are the new blood diamonds. You've got climate activists protesting them, and France is even considering banning them. Sacre jet bleu! So today we're asking, should private jets be banned? (record scratching) All the cool kids are flying private. Get this, in 2021, there were over 3.3 million private flights, the most ever, which is a 7% increase from 2019, which held the previous record. And private jet sales, especially among first-time buyers, are skyrocketing. See what I did there? But it's not just celebrities who are flying private. You've also got business execs flying around on corporate jets. You don't even have to own one to fly private. You can just charter a plane. There's even membership services to fleets of private jets. It's like the Costco of the sky. And I'm gonna be honest with y'all, selfishly, if Steph Curry invited me on his private jet, I would not hesitate to say yes. I'd order sea bass and caviar too. When it comes to climate change, we've talked a lot about it. You can watch some of our videos here, here, here, here, here. And CO2 is one of the biggest contributors to climate change. So how much CO2 do private jets actually emit? It turns out data on private fuel emissions is hard to come by. There's no like annual report that measures that, and it's really hard to separate out private jet emissions from general commercial flying per se. More on that later. If you look at flying as a whole, which includes private, commercial and freight flights, all of that activity accounts for about 2.5% of all of the world's CO2 emissions per year. Okay. Now if you're like me, you might be thinking, great news 2.5, that's nothing. And that includes all kinds of flying, not just private, bruh, I'm gonna fly private. Yo Steph, hit me up for that invite. But, before you bust out that caviar, that's not the whole story. Let's put these carbon emissions in perspective. Scientists agree that to prevent some of the worst effects of climate change, we have to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius or 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit. And this means drastically reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. I'm talking a 45% reduction by 2030, and net zero by 2050. That means getting emissions as close to zero as possible, and then having nature absorb what we do emit. On an individual level, this means each of us has to limit CO2 emissions to a grand total of 2.3 tons per year by 2030. And you know what's not great at reducing carbon emissions? You guessed it. My uncle. (man farting) And private jets. Like I said before, a private jet can emit two metric tons of CO2 in just one hour. With one trip, you've basically used your theoretical allotment of CO2 emissions for the entire year. The entire year. Take Drake's private jet. This bad boy's estimated to have emitted about 2,900 tons of CO2 in the first half of 2022. My real name's Aubrey. Okay. And as private jet use continues to rise, CO2 emissions from them start to add up. Using data from 2016, one report separates out and estimates that private jets emitted about 33.7 million tons of CO2, and private jet use has increased a lot since then. For comparison, Denmark emitted 27 million tons of CO2 in 2020, and they have a population of over five and a half million people. What that means is... We are doomed! And when you compare flying commercial with flying private, one analysis by a European environmental campaign group found that private jets are five to 14 times more polluting then commercial airlines on a per passenger basis. The report also found that within Europe, compared to commercial flights, private jets are twice as likely to be used for very short trips. We're talking less than 500 kilometers or 310 miles. That's like the flight from SF to LA, which is about 337 miles, a.k.a. the same distance my parents had to walk uphill, in the snow, barefoot to get to school every day. But planes are the least fuel-efficient on these short trips because taking off and landing requires a lot of fuel compared to cruising altitudes. So what can we do about all this polluting from private jets? Well, like I said before, a call at a straight-up ban them is getting some momentum in countries in Europe. And flight bans aren't totally unheard of. I mean, France has recently banned some short-distance flights. If there's trains available, the planes won't fly. But like can you imagine if the entire globe was just like, no, all private flights are grounded. Sorry, Bezos. Sorry, Elon. You'd have to fly commercial. What would they do? Probably take a rocket instead. Others are suggesting we tax private aviation up the wazoo and have those taxes go towards researching and developing environmentally-friendly jet technologies. After all, the ones spending the green to fly in them should be the ones making them greener. And some experts in Europe are even recommending that, by 2030, only private jets powered by green hydrogen and electricity be allowed to fly for trips under 1,000 kilometers or 621 miles. And part of the reason people hate on private jets is because there's such a disproportionate amount of CO2 coming from a very small group of people who can afford this luxury. And while the wealthier gallivant on their private jets, global CO2 emissions continue to rise, with 2021 setting a record amount of about 37 billion tons. And we're seeing some of the impacts of that now. And it's the non-rich who are the most vulnerable with having to deal with more severe droughts, heat waves, water scarcity, wildfires, floods, melting of polar ice and sea level rise. And I'm not just talking about poor countries, but also poor communities right here in the US. Now, some might say flying private is the good old free market capitalism at its best. Let the people fly the way they want, and the government shouldn't get involved. And look, I mean, I get it. Private jets are super convenient. You can avoid TSA lines, germs from other passengers, there's more privacy. But if "The Lorax" has taught us anything, it's that that laissez-fair attitude... Laissez-fair, a policy or attitude of letting things take their own course, without interfering. Laissez-fair attitude isn't great for the environment. So, while the governments of the world grapple with how to best handle this impending climate doom, I'm curious, what do you think? Think anything should be done about private jets? Let us know in the comments below. Oh, and before you go, if you like hip-hop, be sure to check out "Hip-Hop And The Metaverse". A new series on PBS Voices that explores the promise and controversy of the Metaverse and Web3 Tech, all through the lens of hip-hop. And tell Myles I sent you. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rea4a6 [8 likes]: Thank you for this imperative video. They need to be banned or at the very least tax them hard for green initiatives... we just are running out of time - if only a fraction of humans are putting out that much, and the effects effect majority of other humans, something no has to be done. Period. Also, they could fly first class or whatever (many fancy first classes out there on the bigger planes!!).
  2. @AboveTheNoise [3 likes]: What do YOU think - should private jets be banned, or taxed for green investments, or just let them be? Let us know in the comments below! And please SUBSCRIBE if you haven't -- this is our year to get to 100K subs!
  3. @KrokodilYT [3 likes]: Private jet releases same amount CO2 as normal plane private jet is just luxurious
  4. @kornellas1 [2 likes]: Ok. This is great. Question. There is a lot of noise about how good hybrid cars actually are for the environment. So is a hybrid car better for the environment or is the way they are made still an environmental problem?
  5. @runekongstadlarsen7569 [1 likes]: i think there might be a error when it comes to the dansih CO2 footprint of 27 mil tons in your vid, since i looked it up and it seems that in 2022 it was more like 44 mil tons of C02.
just correct me if i am wrong :D.
  6. @kahugaming [1 likes]: I dont mind adding a light tax to private travel, but what needs to be considered is the GDP to carbon emission. Private jets are huge economic machines not just for the companies that utilitize them, but also for the companies and workers (who are often unionized and highly paid) along with airport support staff which is also often a highly compensated position. What is really important is the GDP created is around 1-2% of global gdp, while producing .004 percent of global emissions. It is important to keep in mind that private travel is almost always buisnesses who would not be able to operate nearly as efficently without the use of private aviation.
  7. @DavidBeddard [1 likes]: We've all been sold unhealthy aspirations by a hedonistic, decadent, entitled society. It's incumbent upon us all to realise that we've been told to dream of the wrong things. Until the idyllic dream of society shifts away from unlimited travel, excessive convenience, and wealth, to healthy environments, sustainable practices, and fairness, we're unlikely to make the differences we need to make, and our descendants will face the reckoning for our excesses and negligence.
  8. @mamafricatalkshow9815 [1 likes]: Oh no  didn't know that,how unfortunate.thanks for knowledge
  9. @shamrockirish4745: yes let ban private jets they mess it up
  10. @mart9450: Tax the living shit out of them and there alot less private jets or limit to be used for job purposes like for singer if they are doing a tour, actors when they need to go to another country for a movie and for executive's when they need to go to anothe country for a meeting
  11. @markmyjak7739: Private jets should not be taxed. I was looking at the method as how the carbon emmision is calculated. The math formula didn't make sense. The carbon coefficient doesn't seem right. The formula they use has you calculating more carbon coming out than what's in the fuel.
  12. @eufosz: The voiceover pre recorded clips annoyed me so much
  13. @CMacUF: Really appreciate how you tackled this.
  14. @pdenn1s: CO2 does not drive climate change, it never has and it never will.  All CO2 in oil, coal and gas came from plant matter and plants sequester CO2 from the atmosphere so all the CO2 in coal oil and gas was once already in the atmosphere and yet world did not end.  The ocean produces far more CO2 than all other sources combined yet it does so after the climate changes.  As the ocean warms it produces more CO2 and as it cools in absorbs more CO2 and due to how vast the ocean is it takes about 700 years for this to happen.  You're all getting sucked into probably the greatest lie of all time.
  15. @baileybowman2449: Many people on here saying that they should be highly taxed and the revenue should be put towards green technologies. The problem with that is these billionaires, politicians and celebrities own the actual companies or stocks in these green companies. They  also make sure their companies get millions in grants and tax breaks from the government.
  16. @ChrisBrengel: Text them up the wazoo
  17. @blacknight88: If it actually exist, We need climate change and Global warming.   No more cold weather.
  18. @alexandroskappa642: @abovethenoise If a plane releases 2 tons of co2 per hour, then how much fuel does it burn per hour? Are you sure the maths are right? After a quick google search, I found that a heavy private jet, will burn approximately 320 gallons per hour. That is roughly 1,2 metric tons. As you can imagine, there is simply no way it can release more emissions than the total weight of the fuel itself.
  19. @rsaunders57: It's not fixing the problem to prevent private flights between SF and LA.  It's not fixing the problem to fly commercial from SF to LA.  What you need is a timely, reliable, electric, train between those points.  Nobody should be flying, trains are that much more energy efficient.

Private flights are a solution to that remote oil field in Texas or ranch in Montana.  When you have money and want to go someplace nobody else wants to go, you need a private plane.  When you want to go between places where lots of people want to go, get yourself a private rail car and hitch it up to a passenger train.  That's been a solution for 150 years, an it needs to make a comeback.  Planes should just be for flying over oceans.
  20. @somecuriosities: Instead of banning private jets or short haul leisure flights, starting to think we should just cut out of the middlemen and ban all the ultra rich and powerful lizardpeople.

Bet global warming isn't the only thing it'd help fix either! 😇

- 3 Things To Watch For When Flying a TBM: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Okay. So, with the propeller, one thing you have to look out for on the TBM, as you can see, it's a very big prop. It's a large prop, but one thing that you have to look out for is, as you can see here, it's approximately sitting at about 10 inches off the the ground, right? So, the tip of the blade is about 10 inches off the ground. So, you can imagine when the propeller is spinning and it's creating thrust, um, it will pull the nose of the aircraft down a little bit, which will bring the prop even closer to the ground. So, one thing you really got to look out for is as you're taxiing, um, you got to make sure that you're not taxiing in an area that has tall blades of grass, um, maybe deep snow or even, um, small rocks or pebbles on the on the runway or the taxi way. because if you do, it's very very easy to chip the prop or get a prop strike in this aircraft. So with that in mind, you can imagine your landing has to be very careful as well. You got to be very careful in your landing because in this aircraft um if you land flat, right? So that means if you land on the mains and your nose wheel at the same time and you have all that weight coming down, um it's very very easy to compress the shocks, right? Which would then even further lower or decrease this distance between the tip of the propeller and the ground. So it's not uncommon to have a prop strike in this airplane on landing just from landing um with an improper landing technique. So landing flat or slightly nose wheel first will probably guarantee a prop strike. So you've got to be very very careful with this aircraft on landing. Um there's a few tips and stabilized approach criteria to meet in order to u avoid that scenario. But you really got to be careful about that. And that's one thing I really had to learn and pay attention to early on when transitioning from the meridian to the TBM because the meridian has a much greater distance between the um surface of the ground and the propeller. So, one thing to keep in mind there for sure. Okay, so we just had a look at the propeller and what to look out for there. Let's take a look at the landing gear. And this is another gotcha with the plane. So, it's a very strong landing gear, very beefy, and uh compared to the Meridian, the strut is is much larger. Um, but there's still something to look out for here. So, what you'll see is with the landing gear, the landing gear door is made up of two pieces. So, you have this outer piece here, and then this this inner piece, this inner door. Um, the outer door is quite tall. I'd say about uh 10 inches from the ground, but you have this inner door here that's maybe 4 inches off the ground. So, say you came in from a long flight, you landed um and you're very low on fuel. There's not a lot of weight in the aircraft. Now, you're light. Um, so if the ramp agent comes and puts the chalks under your wheels, um, and they don't know this about TBMs, they may put the chalk under the wheel and part of it may go under this interfering right here. And as you can see, there's not a large gap here between the the chalk and the fairing. So, say you go inside the FBO and you say, "Hey, yes, uh, add this much fuel. Um, maybe top it off." Now you're going to add a lot of weight to the aircraft. And as you add the weight, the aircraft will settle and push this inner fairing into your chalk and it will damage this piece here. It's a very expensive piece to replace. So wherever you're going, you want to make sure that the ramp agents um when they're using chalks, place the chalk away from and inside from that fairing so you don't crush it as they they refuel the aircraft. Let's take a look here at another item that uh is a highware item in this airplane. So, the brakes. Um the brakes on this airplane are very powerful. It's a multid-esk uh multiclutch uh type uh well multid-disk multi-ad type um setup. So, they're very powerful, but they also can wear out pretty quickly. Um remember this can be a 7,000 almost 7,400 lb aircraft. So there's a lot of weight um to stop. But with this aircraft, the brakes are also very very expensive to replace. So while you can land this aircraft in very short strips, um we tend to select airports that have longer runways uh if we can and avoid some of the smaller airports. That way we don't have to use the brakes. can utilize uh the reverse propeller and longer runways to minimize our brake usage because that is a very high wear item and when it does go it is very very expensive.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Keys879 [5 likes]: My company is considering a TBM as opposed to a PC-12. Seems most of the flight department wants a PC-12 and this just makes me lean more towards Pilatus with the prop clearance. We fly out of a region where snow and uneven runways can be a factor. I am going to bring this up.
  2. @slpater1 [4 likes]: Ya know i gotta say. The lowering fairing is connected to the wheel. Meaning when the suspension compresses its not going to move as its connected below where the strut would lower not above.
  3. @JMX246 [4 likes]: Great tips!
  4. @azspotfree [2 likes]: Rich people have such gut wrenching problems
  5. @yettismith [2 likes]: can't watch.   hold the camera steady.  I am seasick.
  6. @PeterSamson [2 likes]: Informative!
  7. @kevinkaseff7033 [2 likes]: really helpful, thanks.
  8. @daleolson3506 [1 likes]: This guy was at the drive thru at McDonald’s last week.
  9. @mizzyroro [1 likes]: Why is the nose strut so short if the prop is so close to the ground? 🙄
  10. @daboak3018 [1 likes]: What is the cost for fuel on reverse propeller over the length of brake pad. If it is creeper to use the breaks then the enviroment will not see the impact of fuel burning. I am a analyist and I look at all sides of the deal.
  11. @DM-hd4xm [1 likes]: Good points.
  12. @Rodeo32145 [1 likes]: Piper 1, TBM 0.
  13. @richardgaynor234: Make that 4 things;   Studies by aviation authorities have identified multiple TBM 700 accidents specifically linked to loss of control (LOC-I) during a go-around or approach, often involving high engine torque at low speeds. ....... this one can be fatal.
  14. @timothypropst238: Potholes on a taxiway.
  15. @mowuvz3672: Seems poorly designed aircraft.
  16. @billgalante1181: Great video.
  17. @skipstraut9719: Great video!!!
  18. @cooleyjay: Very helpful tips and video.
  19. @steveunger7146: Flew a 700C...yes its fast, fun, certainly capable ..but overall don't care for it...needs trailing link..
  20. @semiprofessional8470: Seem to be more loss of control accidents than say Piper. Maybe because of the small tail? Sacrificing some stability for speed?

- What You Need to Know About the TBM 960: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to Jetstream your Premier destination for detailed aircraft reviews from specs to ownership costs we've got your flight interest covered to help keep our content flying please consider clicking on the join button below let's soar into today's review attention all Aviation enthusiasts dive deeper into the exhilarating world of bush Pilots Aviation tales and the latest on aircraft specs with our Jetstream Weekly Newsletter feature passion every week and don't miss a single story the link is in our description a Titan in the world of turboprop aircraft it encapsulates the Perfect Blend of luxury performance and practicality whether you're a seasoned Aviator or someone looking to step into the world of private Aviation the TBM 960 has likely caught your eye but what really goes into owning and operating this aircraft let's dive deep and uncover the secrets of the TBM 960 originating from the esteemed dver soada Stables the TBN 9 60 is the latest and arguably the most impressive in the TBM lineup for those unfamiliar the TBM Series has always been about pushing the envelope in Turbo prom performance while ensuring the rod remains as smooth as silk acquiring a TBM 960 requires a significant financial commitment fresh off the assembly line a brand new TBM 960 can set you back around $4.5 million however if you're eyeing a pre-owned aircraft the prices can range anywhere between 3.8 to $4.3 million depending on factors like age condition and any custom enhancements or avionics packages it may have when we think about the TBM 960 the term performance often conjures images of high altitudes impressive speeds and vast Horizons covered in short spans and it's no exaggeration this aircraft's performance metrics have set new benchmarks in the world of turbo props reflecting the meticulous design and Engineering press dahar soada brings to the aviation world let's delve deeper into what makes the TBM 960 a true Paragon of performance at the heart of the TBM 960 is its formidable Pratt and Whitney pt6 a66 turbo prop engine wallr power is an obvious deliverable there's much more to this engine's narrative this Powerhouse with a Thrust that surpasses many in its class ensures that the aircraft's clown rate is nothing short of phenomenal allowing it to reach cruising altitudes swiftly and efficiently the TBM 960 doesn't just impress with its cruising speed of approximately 330 knots it's the entire spectrum of speeds that makes this aircraft truly stand out peing at a staggering 366 knots this is the ultimate speed the TBM 960 can achieve this kind of speed is more akin to light Jets than turbo proms a testament to its Advanced aerodynamics and Powerful engine at a minimal 65 knots the TBM 96 showcases its design finace such a low stall speed means that in challenging flight scenarios Pilots have more control and the aircraft handling remains responsive Beyond mirr speeds the TBM 960 is capability to reach a takeoff speed of around 85 knots within a relatively short Runway distance underscores its adaptability it's not just about reaching the speed it's about achieving it efficiently and safely The Landing phase equally crucial sees the aircraft comfortably touching down at about 80 knots allowing for precise and control decelerations with a surfice ceiling of 31,000 ft the tbab 960 stands out this altitude advantage means it can bypass many air traffic congestions and more importantly adverse weather conditions cruising at such elevations also brings about fuel efficiency allowing the engine to operate in a leaner mode and ensuring the aircraft benefits from smoother air currents every gallon of fuel in the TBM 96 translates to Miles covered with Precision with an average consumption of 60 gallons per hour and a fuel capacity designed for endurance it promises trips at span continents this efficiency ensures non-stop Journeys minimizing layovers and ensuring passengers reach their destinations faster the TBM 960s range doesn't just revolve around its fuel efficiency but also its impressive payload capacity even with a full load the aircraft doesn't compromise on its range underscoring the balanced engineering that goes into its design the performance nuances of the TBM 960 go beyond just numbers and speeds it's about an experience the thrill of acceleration on the runway the smoothness of a climb and the quiet efficiency with which it cruises every flight in a TBM 960 is a reminder of what Cutting Edge engineering coupled with passion can achieve it truly redefines the boundaries of what one can expect from a turbo challenging and often surpassing its jet counterparts owning aircraft especially one as prestigious as the TBM 960 is not just about the initial purchase price it's an ongoing commitment the running expenses Encompass a wide range of variables some fixed and others that fluctuate to give you a complete understanding let's dissect the nuances of the TBM 960s operating costs fueled is a significant recurring expense for any aircraft owner the TBM 960 despite its performance promise is notably efficient with a consumption rate of about 60 gallons per hour at a standard cruising speed the costs can quickly accumulate especially if you're a frequent flyer considering the current Chef fuel prices which hover around $5 per gallon though this can vary based on region and Global oil prices one hour of flight can cost roughly $300 just in fuel over a year and many hours of operation this number becomes more significant maintenance is both a safety requisite and a means to uphold the aircraft's value regular checks and routine services are mandatory this includes oil changes landing gear assessments engine Diagnostics propeller inspections and other system checks on average setting aside $200 to $300 per hour of flight is a prudent estimate for such routine upkeep this encompasses labor parts and any additional Diagnostics that might be required while the TBM 960 Bose reliability like any machine it can have unforced seen issues whether it's an electronic hiccup Tire Replacements or minor exterior touchups these unexpected costs are part and parcel of aircraft ownership allocating a contingency budget of around $100 to $150 per flight hour would cushion any unplanned repairs aircraft storage especially in Prime airports or regions with extreme weather can be a significant monthly expenditure hanker fees can vary wildly based on location but for a craft like the T BM 960 1,500 to $3,000 per month is a reasonable estimate in most metropolitan areas insurance premiums for the TBM 960 are influenced by several factors the aircraft's value the regions it operates in Pilot experience and the aircraft's usage personal versus Charter comprehensive coverage could range between1 15,000 to $25,000 annually if you're not flying the aircraft yourself pilot salaries or contract pilot fees or another Factor additionally ensuring that the pilots are trained and certified especially for a specific equipment or avionics in the TBM 960 incurs costs training sessions certifications and recurrent training can range between $5,000 to $10,000 annually other costs like avionics updates andlight entertainment subscriptions catering for passengers and even ground transport Arrangements at destinations can add to the monthly expenses though these may seem minor in isolation combined they can sum up to a noticeable amount in wrapping up the operating costs it's evident that while the TBM 960 is an engineering Marvel and a symbol of luxury it requires thoughtful financial planning it's not merely about buying an aircraft but nurturing it ensuring every Journey whether long or short is as impeccable as the TBM 960 itself stepping into the world of private Aviation with the acquisition of an aircraft like the TBM 960 is an exhilarating experience but even for those with substantial liquidity financing remains a strategic choice to optimize cash flow preserve capital or leverage potential tax benefits here's an in-depth look at the financing intricacies surrounding the TBM 960 before diving into the mechanics it's essential to understand the motivations financing such a significant purchase offers a blend of flexibility and financial Prudence by not locking up a considerable sum in a full upfront purchase owners often find the liquidity useful for other investment opportunities or operational needs furthermore in many jurisdictions the interest paid on loans for aircraft acquisition can be tax deductible offering additional Financial benefits the most straightforward financing approach is a traditional loan with terms often spanning from 3 to 20 years buyers can expect down payment requirements ranging from 10 to 20% of the aircraft's value these percentages can translate to substantial amounts given the BBM 960s price point interest rates will vary based on market conditions creditworthiness of the borrower and the terms of the loan currently rates hover in the low to mid singled digigit percentage range but this can fluctuate leasing is another popular route especially for corporations or individuals who prioritize flexibility there are two primary forms this setup allows users to essentially rent the TBM 960 for a predetermined period in rate at the end of the term the aircraft is returned to the Lesser this option is appealing for those who want access to the latest models without the long-term commitment of ownership Additionally the lease payments can often be deducted as operating expenses for tax purposes this is closer to a traditional purchase but spread over time at the end of the lease term the lesie usually has the option to purchase the aircraft at a predetermined residual value this form is beneficial for those who anticipate long-term use of the TBM 960 but prefer the cash flow advantages of making payments over time aircraft like many assets depreciate over time in several countries this depreciation can be leveraged for tax benefits accelerated depreciation schemes might allow the owner to write off a significant portion of the TBM 960s value in the initial years leading to substantial tax savings however it's essential to consult with a tax expert familiar with Aviation specific regulations to navigate this aspect ENT entering the world of aircraft ownership particularly with a gem like the TBM 960 is a significant decision while the Allure of the skies and The Prestige of the ownership experience are undeniable Financial Prudence is crucial by understanding and leveraging the Myriad financing options available prospective owners can ensure that their Aviation dreams are both exhilarating and economically sound whether choosing a traditional loan an operating lease or exploring tax benefits through depreciation the key is to tailor the financing structure to individual needs and financial Landscapes the TBM 960 isn't just an aircraft it's an investment in an elevated lifestyle making informed financing decisions ensures that this investment brings joy for years to come both in the air and on the balance sheet the TBN 960 with its blend of speed range and efficiency presents a compelling proposition for anyone in the market for a high performance turbo Pro it's not just an aircraft it's a statement a testament to one's commitment to Excellence in aviation whether for business or pleasure the TBM 960 promises an unparalleled flying experience with the right Financial Planning and understanding of its operational Dynamics this aircraft can be a valuable asset elevating your travel experiences to Heights previously unimagined

  Top Comments:
  1. @topofthegreen [5 likes]: the most beautiful turboprop, I love the TBM!
  2. @cuttheknot4781 [3 likes]: I prefer a twin engine Honda Jet for the same money.
  3. @ubermenschen3636 [2 likes]: Piaggio P180 is better in many ways: more seats, more comfort ( head and leg room) , greater load capacity, 410FL, jet-like speed 400 plus knots, a bathroom, and cost only $7-$8 million.

- TBM 960 Deep Dive: FADEC, Automation & Performance: Kind: captions Language: en The epitome of Sakata's production is the TBM 960. I'm talking about it's a cool airplane. I've got to fly one here recently and got a lot of flight time in it and I'm pretty excited to talk about it. And today I've got Mark Sloum here who has flown in it as well and has a lot of time in 9 930s, >> 940s. So, what we really want to talk about today is the upper end of TBM's production >> and really the 960. >> Okay. >> Cool airplane. >> Yeah. Good airplane for sure. >> What do you think? >> I like it. I like it a lot. Uh uh goods and bads to it. Yeah. Uh the >> Let's talk Let's talk about the goods. Let's talk about the goods first. >> Tell me what what do you think? >> Uh you know, I like the uh I like the automatic uh the automatic switches for the ice uh the the ice protections. Uh that's that's kind of a cool to me it's kind of like a cool safety feature. >> Yeah. So so what it has it has a button on the left hand side that you you push and it says auto >> and basically you just go flying, >> right? Yeah. >> You don't have to think about anything. >> You don't have to think about it when it detects ice out there. It turns everything on for you. >> Yeah. >> That's pretty sweet. But I will say though, we went flying recently and the temperature was 5° and clearly I was invisible moisture and none of the systems came. >> The system came on. Yeah. >> I don't know. There's a little automation. >> I don't know. You know, >> but luckily you've got you can take it out of auto and just start turning on if you want. >> When you're going down a [snorts] road, if you're turning, you know, I've always said if you've got a switch in a cockpit that says auto, that's where >> that's where it should be. Yeah. [laughter] Absolutely. That's the right That's the right place. It ought to be an auto. It if you forget how that thing works, >> auto it remembers. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Remember? Yeah. But we really do go down a place here of of I'm going to get to the argument side of this. My argument is going to be it's so automated that there's a challenge. But that is kind of a cool thing that if you put it in auto for as far as icing's concerned, you then just go fly the airplane. the airplane, if it senses ice, it's going to turn all their stuff on. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> I uh that's kind of cool because I tell you I it was interesting. I flew with a King Air pilot here recently and I've and we were in training and I said, "Okay, there's some pretend like you're in the clouds. You got foggles on and now even though it's, you know, 85 degrees outside, I said, "Pretend like it's cold. [laughter] >> What would you do?" And of course he turned on all this different stuff but completely forgot the ice veins >> and um you know that one big thing now you got a major problem because now you you know you you could fought out an engine. >> And and which a legitimate fought out of the engine it can happen. So the point is is to have an automated ability in the in the TBM 960. It's an added value check mark you because you can push the button to manual and go turn everything on if you want, >> but it has an auto feature to you're just in case you forget, you know. Crap, here I'm flying in cold stuff, >> it's going to automatically come on, right? >> I'll give it as an added value. >> Added value. >> Yeah. Yeah. I'll give it as an added value. I think for for guys like us that that have flown, you know, where we didn't grow up in that generation of automated stuff, like you you were the one you're the pilot, you're the one turning flipping switches, you know, it is a little unnerving. I mean, it's kind of cool, but it's still it's like it's definitely tailored towards that that owner flown uh that owner flown market for sure, you know. So, you know, not uh not not for lack of experience, but more of, you know, more of a ease of comfort. Just it's it's just another, you know, like buying not buying the base model of a vehicle. You get a vehicle with all the bells and whistles. Well, that's one of the the bells and whistles of it for sure. >> Yeah. You know, if you sit in the back, we have a TBM 930 that you fly and manage uh for you got How many hours you got in a TBM now? >> Uh 600. A little over 600. >> Yeah. So, and you got almost 7,000 hours of flight time. >> Yeah. 7,000. Yeah. A little over seven. >> So, a lot of flight time in in a whole bunch of different aircraft. You're certainly no rookie. Certainly no rookie to the TBM9 series. You do training for us. You ferry aircraft. You manage a 930 and fly it for us. Uh so, this is this is your wheelhouse as far as is concerned. Uh, if you look at the back of a TBM 960 versus a 930 and you discount wear and tear, I mean 930 is gonna be 10 years older, but still, I'll tell you, the leather in the back of the 930 looks great, you know, as far as that's concerned. But, and the leather in a 960 is brand new. TBM has really done a good job of refining that interior, making it nice. >> But really, the biggest thing I can tell is the window shades. Yeah, they got they got these little buttons, >> push button window shades. push button window shades now that you can, you know, push it and I guarantee the nonpilot passengers in the back were going to be just over there with it. Pushing that button having fun with it. >> I can hear my dad when I was a kid. Quit pushing the window button. Stop it. Stop. [laughter] >> Yeah, exactly. So, but that that is cool. It's nice. It's like a TV like a King Air where they have the uh the window shades you can turn. there going to be a bunch of anyway, but you can turn them up and down and get the get the get those shades where the lighting is just like you like it. And other than that, it's not really a I mean, there might be some little tiny refinement, but it's not a huge gigantic difference between a 960 and a 940 and a 930. We >> we fly all of these and the 960 is great, but you got the little window things now. So, that's >> touch panel. I think the touch panel climate controls in the back. It's a instead of a knob on the 930s, you know, it's the touch panel, the climate control. >> Yeah. You know, for us, uh, we have a local client named Paul. Uh, Paul bought the TBM 960 brand new. Uh, his experience was great. We're going to have him on the podcast here pretty soon. Um, and we were able to do the initial training on this aircraft. Basically, the answer was is that he was okay going to SIMCOM, but the problem with SIMCOM is they don't have a 960 simulator, right? >> They got a 930 simulator. And there's differences between where all the buttons and everything are. >> And the insurance companies, thank you very much to the insurance companies, were uh said, "Yeah, we'll let you go to KC Aviation and train initial training in a 960." And so, we had a little learning to do and and it but it was a bunch of fun and we did we did great with it. It was uh good for me. It was good for you. It was good for everybody to fly this really cool airplane. >> Um the other one that we got to talk about uh as far as refinements is the >> Mhm. >> Yeah. What' you think? >> Uh it's uh impressive. I mean the 9 series is always is always impressive. I think the the 960's got the the 66E. Yeah. With the fedc is is okay. I think that's kind of another kind of a personal preference. Let's talk about the holistic. This is going to be a lot about the fedic engine. Let's talk about the good. >> The good is you're probably not going to hurt the engine, >> right? Yeah. Absolutely. >> You're probably not going to hurt the engine. That's the bottom line on this thing. You're probably not going to hurt the engine. What [clears throat] what this means when we say fedcy automated digital electronic control fadec um what it means when you start the aircraft, normally there's a condition lever. There's no condition lever in a TBM 960, >> right? >> You basically take a switch up on the upper panel and you turn it to the on position which energizes a computer and a logic module. And if the logic model looks at all the parameters, all those are if all that is green as far as you know it passes the logic which happens in a split second. Uh then it will start the engine for you. >> And there's nothing for you to do except watch the show. [laughter] >> And and >> and that's unnerving as well. >> That's unnerving because there's nothing for you to do. It's not like you're but but here again you're not going to hot start the engine because if you have a hot start, it's going to shut itself down. There's nothing for you to do. There's no condition lever. So they have eliminated the potential of a hot start >> effectively if if this is the case. and which is gorgeous. I mean, that's a absolutely beautiful thing. >> Um, takeoff. Oh my gosh, you it has auto throttles. >> I don't know why they bolted it onto the airplane, I tell you. Because when you take off, you basically take the power lever and just bring it all the way forward >> and then the torque comes up. It manages the upper limit of the torque >> and it's beautiful. And it you take it goes to a perfect torque. You don't need to finesse it. There's no milk in the mouse. There's nothing. You push the power lever forward. Off you go. Take it off. You want to climb. Guess what? >> Shove it all the way forward because it's going to >> it's going to go to the perfect climb performance and it calculates all this for you. It's just >> Yeah. I mean, it's fantastic as far as that's concerned. All the little minutia of managing a power lever all go away. Mhm. >> It literally just all goes away. Now, the time you do have to manage that power lever is on descent >> and then approach and landing and then you got to you got to milk the mouse and do all that. And you could pose the argument that you need the auto throttle for that portion of the flight. I would argue for takeoff and climb, >> why do you need auto throttle is not doing anything. Yeah. Uh and as we've talked around to the TBM uh people, they say the same thing. Uh you know, I just push that forward. >> Push it forward. Yeah, push that forward. And then whenever you're landing again, you can use an auto throttle to control like you could set it to speed and it'll control move the power for speed, but that's always clunky in my opinion. Doesn't doesn't work great. >> Um >> so to me, I mean, literally, we did the auto throttle, but really you don't need auto throttle in this airplane. It's got it because it's got the auto land feature. They don't call it auto land, but it's basically the same thing. You push them. Anybody can push the button, the airplane will go land itself. So, um, so it needs auto throttle to be able to manage that. But for day-to-day purposes, >> probably don't need that because you have a fade engine, right? >> You know, so you're not going to hurt that engine as far as that's concerned. >> Absolutely. Um, I've heard some arguments and I think they're valid arguments that they don't like the fedc as much because you just can't get the power that you want out of the stupid thing. Have you heard this? Uh, yeah, I've heard that. Yeah, I've seen it. I've seen it, you know, firsthand. Um, you know, the the difference between the the 930 and the 960, right? You can manipulate the 930. Uh, you are in control of your temperatures and torques, right? Where with you're, like I say, with the FedEx on the 960, you're limited to what the computer sets for you. And that that's all it's >> that's all you're going to get which is going to be a lower number. Effectively a 930 is a faster airplane because it's the same airplane with different avionics and windows in the back [laughter] >> and and uh but if you want to push a 930 forward more and be in the green arc, >> you can do it. You can do it. >> You can do it in a 960. You're not going to do it. >> You're not you're you're just flat out not going to make it happen. >> Right. >> Just simply all there is to it. >> That's all there. Yeah. It's just it's kind of like a governor. I mean, it's just it sets it and that's as that's as far as you can go. >> As far as you can go. So, effectively a 930 is faster >> potentially, arguably if you needed to >> than a 960 because you're you're limited as far as that's concerned. >> Uh, so the management of the engine, >> it's easier in a 960. >> But it [clears throat] comes at a negative, doesn't it? >> Yeah. Yeah, I think so. >> Yeah. Here's the negative is that we got the airplane and the airplane flew to Texas and uh got all the way so it came from France, came all the way to Texas. So we had probably 15 to No, no, it was more than that. 25 hours on the airframe. >> Uh went out to go start the airplane and it just would not would not start. >> And so it's like holy smokes. Of course, we call up uh the the the people and I got to give a shout out to the people at Cutter San Antonio. Uh those guys, David Crockett and his son or the sales guys there and their team of people. Um man, you want to talk about responsive? Oh my gosh, they were all over this like chicken on a June. [laughter] >> And you ever seen a chicken on a June boat before? You know, getting after. But these guys, I mean, they because we called them up and said, "Hey, >> what's what's up with this?" And you know, we can't get the engine started. and they were ready to send a team over to us. We found out that we could plug in the external power >> to the side of the airplane which jumped the voltage up. Now, the voltage was at 24.9. >> Plenty high. Plenty high. Uh it had flown in the day prior. Um, but when we when we went to the 28 volts, well, all of a sudden that little computer that tests the, you know, the start uh computer, that's probably the wrong word, but basically there's logic that's used to to consider all the parameters of that engine. >> It would not even let the engine the starter engage. >> Um, but when we put in external power, we were able to get it started >> and we called them up and they said, "Man, is there any chance you can come to San Antonio?" This was like on the fourth attempt on all this and we said, "Yeah, we can do it." And so we could we we had other plans, but we shut them all down. We flew the aircraft to San Antonio where they had they literally brought in a a new logic module and those good people at Cutter San Antonio had that aircraft fixed in an afternoon. In other words, we got there at, you know, 11, went to lunch. By the time 2:00 were around, they had it all done. And of course it was good to see their facility. Super clean aircraft all over the place. They're very busy it seems and which was great. And it was good people there. The the TBM cutter people really did us a good job. And um got the airplane start. But here's the point. >> You couldn't start the engine. >> When it when a small parameter goes out, >> right, >> you are AOG baby and you're not going anywhere. Absolutely. >> So it kind of goes, you know, is it a good thing or is it a bad thing? I don't know. If that were a TBM 930, I'd have got that thing started. Yeah. >> Cuz all I got to do is ask Spark and fuel. [laughter] >> We're going to go. We're going to and something to turn it with and we're going to get that thing going. Yeah. So the So the question is, you know, I'm anxious to see as the 960 progresses in um as they get more hours on it, is that going to be something where they have little tiny failures in technology that literally say, "Okay, well, you can't fly the airplane." Well, if you're off in BFE in the middle of, you know, way far off the grid, some little Podunk airport. >> Exactly. Your support, your support structure out there is going to be extremely And what what are you going to do? >> We're about to find out how good that support structure is because you're going to find little tiny itty bitty things. >> The good news about that engine, if you look at it, is that engine has a 5,000 hour TBO. >> Now, that's worth something. I mean, >> yeah, for sure. All the other TBM engines are going to be at 3,500 hours. So, we get another 1,500 hours of time here, which means your hot section is going to happen later, which means the overhaul is going to happen later, which means you can buy the airplane >> 5,000 hours. I don't know anybody that's going to put 5,000 hours on an engine in 30 years. >> Oh, yeah. For sure. >> I mean, these are owner flown airplanes. These are not airliners that are flying >> 23 hours a day, >> you know. These are >> these are um >> these are TBMs that are going to they're going to fly, you know, 150 hours a year. >> Yeah, probably. Yeah. >> You know, something like that. So, when you think about a a 5,000 hour TBO, >> you know, you're looking at 30 plus years. >> I mean, who knows what this thing's going to cost, [laughter] you know, to overhaul this engine in 35 years. Who has a clue? >> It basically just means it's so far down the road. And and what basically what what Pratt and Der are saying is if everything is controlled, we know it's never over toqu, never overtempt, never hot started, never had a problem. Anything happens, it's all there. And of course, everything that happens with that engine with that airframe at the end of the flight, all that stuff goes immediately to Daher and to Pratt, who look at everything that's going on there. There's a little antenna inside the baggage compartment and that little antenna sends everything back to there's no secrets. Matter of fact, when we called them up and we were like, "Hey, this happened." They were like, "Yeah, we see that. >> We see that." [laughter] >> And yeah. So, it's the point behind the whole thing is it there's some good and there's some bad in this. And we're about to find out how good the service is with dollar. So far, pretty good. >> Been pretty good. Yeah. >> So far, it's been pretty good. What else do you see about the TBM 960? >> Um, overall, I mean, it it seems like it's u it's it's pretty much the same airframe as as the 930. You know, there's no, you know, there's no differences, right? I think you can jump between the 930 and the 960 fairly easily, you know, just pretty quick. You know, hey, look, this is, you know, this is the way this works and this, you know, obviously the the the start sequence, you know, looking watching that. Um, but overall, I mean, it's a uh I I think it's an easy transition from from one to the other. Yeah. >> One to I mean, for literally if you're a 930 flyer and you go to the 960, we're talking about less than five hours. I mean, just just >> I think the hardest thing for me was trying to find where the dang head headphone jacks were. >> Thank you for mentioning, you know, one of the things >> that was the one thing I was like, I guess >> I couldn't find the two-prong deal. It's all limo. >> They're all limo. So, if you have a headset, you're going to use a Bose headset or you're going to have a plug. There's no dual prong in this thing. I think they've I think I hate to say it >> because I don't use Bose A20 headsets. >> I I I use other headsets that I have a two-prong. >> I found that to be a party foul. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> Yeah. You don't get a choice. >> Yeah. I mean, you can't. The only thing you can use is a Bose headset anywhere in the cockpit or anywhere in the aircraft. I don't know. I That was a party foul in my opinion. I I did not >> I didn't I didn't like that. >> Much care for that. >> Didn't And I'll tell you another thing that I think Dar needs to figure out is if you're in the left seat, you're in the pilot seat. >> You Where do you put the headset? >> Okay. So, you you got because you got to get out to the left through the door, but you got a headset. They've got a a limo plug right in the middle, but now you can't put up on the dash because it gets too hot. You can't put it down on the right because somebody's coming across the seat. Your legs get in the only thing you can do is really unplug this thing, stick it on the headrest in the back, but the headrest in the back >> crimps the headset seals. >> It's just where do you put the And you know, other than going to get lo, you know, get lodged in the the cord's going to get lodged in the door. >> The door. Yeah. >> Yeah. And you know the other thing that happened is the door made a lot of noise because it leaked. You remember saying there's something about it. So what we ended up doing was putting some silicone stuff. >> But now you got silicone stuff all along your door. So when you get in, in other words, it's that whole piece of what do you do with the headset? >> How do you get in out of the door? How do you make the door seal? That whole left side of the aircraft >> not perfected. >> Yeah. I think there's going to be a day that Daher comes up with something a little bit better. I think it's going to be Bluetooth headsets. >> Yeah. Right. That's that's what I that's kind of what I figured. That's what they'll migrate towards. >> I think it's coming one day. We'll see. I don't know. But I can tell you right now that's a >> that's a thing. That's a thing. >> That's a thing as far as a lot of switches in the TBM 960 are an auto position. Meaning that there's auto auto. You know, you do a whole bunch of that. >> It's a very automated airplane. It's not a hard aircraft to fly. It's a very TBM. In other words, they didn't change a whole lot else. They really made it an engine better and interior better. They made automatic automat They make automation a big part of this aircraft >> overall. Do I like it? And the answer is yeah, I did. I mean, it's a >> I mean, how do you not like a 5 whatever million dollar aircraft brand new? It's just >> outstanding. I think the time's going to tell whether it's too automated, too much there, but we're going to find out. >> We're going to find out. It's very TVMS. Which would I rather have? A 930 for 3.5 million or [laughter] or a TVM 960 >> at 5? I think it's a little more than that. 5.7 somewhere. >> Which would I rather have? Man, give me a 9:30 all day long. All day long. I'm going to take a 930 and run with it because I have no problem, you know, starting this thing, putting a condition lever forward. I have no problem with all Maybe when you get down to the tbo, you know, there's the idea of a 5,000 hour engine being good for, you know, half the life of the airframe. I don't, you know, it's I I really do like that. >> And I guess if you're in a place where three and a half million or 5.7 million, I don't know, two million bucks, it's hard to [laughter] that's a hard pill to swallow. >> In the world, they wouldn't think, man, that's two $2 million right there. >> You know, which one would you would you do? And then really the question comes down to would you get a TVM 960 or a 930? You and I both say 930. Two million bucks means much to us. Yeah. >> But the question comes down, would you get a $5.7 million TBM 960 or would you get a um a a Piper M700 for 4 probably two? >> So it's you know you're looking at a $ 1.5ish million dollar delta somewhere in that ballpark. >> Anyway, more than a million dollar delta between the two. Yeah. >> The answer is people get to make that decision on their own. I will tell you this, the manufacturing and the style and the appointment and all that of the TBM 960 and the the way they integrated that engine into it outstanding. I I really enjoyed my time training. I got about 35 hours in that airplane now. >> Um I got to the place where I really like it. The one time that the engine wouldn't start definitely tainted the whole thing and gave me a bad taste like >> is this going to be a sign of things to come? because the one little sensor that measures the voltage >> wouldn't you know now I can't go anywhere. >> I don't know. >> But to that point though that you know the service center knew exactly what it was. you weren't I mean electrical issues can be a nightmare you know but for them to be able to specifically say okay you know this is what it's going to be and be able to you know plug and play the part that fixed it as opposed being down for two weeks where you know you're taking you know a light and a ground to try to try to figure out what's going on >> we went to them and said um hey we we went and plugged in external power now it's fortunate >> we had external power yeah you know we were at a good place to be able to do it. And when we tried to start the engine, it worked. Um, and it was interesting that day we went to lunch. We went to an out station and where there was no external power. And thank goodness the engine did start. We got back >> and uh the next day we went we were going off plan to go on flight. Of course, it wouldn't start. But now we're in this place of I wonder if this brand new airplane's gonna start. >> It's a terrible place to be, right? And it ended up being that we were able to cancel everything else later in the day. And of course, when we called them up and we told them, we think we can get it started, you know, if we use external power. But now we're doing all this stuff with a brand new airplane. Just gave a bad taste. But again, kudos to the cutter guys because number one, they were all over it. They had their mechanics involved. They knew the data. They had everything right there. And they got the part moved to them so that they could, you know, these guys were on it. I mean, totally on it. So it was kind of cool uh to be a part of that. But then then we flew to San Antonio which >> again they they were willing to drive to us and install the part at the at So again I have nothing bad to say that experience went well except for the fact that it did negatively impact our day and I'll even give you one more thing. I got to throw I got to give kudos to where kudos are are given. um basically cut her because they knew that the training there was an impact to the training for this client >> and because of that they paid for a day of training. >> Oh wow. I didn't know that. Okay. >> You got to give it to them. I mean that that you talk about you sell a nice airplane and and you back it up. >> They backed it up. They backed it up and I'm impressed to see. So we we'll give more of a report on this aircraft because it's at our home airport and um and we get to fly it a bunch. We're going to see it a bunch and we'll be able to give an on ongoing report. My consensus is TBM 960 great aircraft. Yeah. Um anxious to see if the digits um work out for them. They're definitely going very technological dig digital a lot of automatic functions. Fedc engine. >> Cool airplane. So >> absolutely >> Mark Schloum TBM guy. [laughter] Appreciate you showing up and being a part of all this. >> Absolutely. Thanks. >> Thanks so much. Well, you you decide if you think a TBM 960 is too automated or not. I don't know. It sure is gorgeous. Either way, we if you're into the TBM world, so are we. And we'd love to help you either acquire, buy, or train, whatever it happens to be. We'd love to help you out with your TBM if that's the route you're going. If you go for a TBM 960, you got our green light. Joe Casey and Mark Luke signing

  Top Comments:
  1. @stufirewalker [2 likes]: Actually a FADEC is an Acronym for Full Authority Digital Engine Control. Not Full automatic, like what you said.
  2. @Max__apex [2 likes]: This guy did not let the other guy talk. 
Loves the sound of his own voice.zzz he was talking sence but the other guy was was thinking what I am doing here 😂😂
  3. @Fatherof12: Interesting.  I ran the numbers hard on specific used TBM’s a few years ago - conclusion was that Daher maintenance costs result in an airplane that is on par with the maintenance cost of a King Air or Pilatus.
  4. @outtasight5457: Had to stop 15 minutes in. Shut the heck up and let your guest talk. Yap, yap, yap.

- This Is So Much Better Than A Jet: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] so when you get to maintenance or something like this I really recommend you call my IA a p and partner Brett because they're not really a lot of it's a French aircraft that I don't know if that has anything to do with it but it can be very tough to find a service center that can take you and the time frame that you need that's where you are and at a cost that's not going to make you jump out of your shoes so the manufacturer has a recommended maintenance plan that you must act according to you cannot screw around with the turbine right the moment you do the moment you fall out of the manufacturer's recommendations even if they're not the FAA the plane just will develop will devalue instantaneously and you're probably putting yourself at risk the manufacturer of a turbine is a much higher bar than manufacturers of Pistons with the fa and whatnot so there's a regimen it's called a plus b plus C plus every year the annual is one of those three a plus isn't so bad C plus is uh is pretty much a rear probe the C plus can be really expensive so a c plus annual when it's time like on this aircraft I want to say it was about fifteen thousand dollars right that's how much that is so your maintenance is definitely going to be higher you also have mandatory inspections of the engine itself you have what's called a hot section so every some number of hours they have to open up the hot section of the engine where a lot of the very important parts are that spin around they look at it and they make sure there's nothing uh scary if there is something scary congratulations you have an overhaul hopefully there's nothing scary another cost of this type of aircraft is training for you to get in this aircraft coming from a piston or even another turbine or even a jet which was my case I came down you know from Jets to this because it has more capability as a mission you know there's training you're going to be about 15 hours 15 to 20 hours where you're gonna have to fly with somebody who's an expert that can sort of show you all the the ropes there isn't officially a required type rating for this which actually is a huge cost savings over Jets I don't know if you know this but if you're going to fly a jet anything with a jet doesn't have a prop every year you got to go to flight safety or CAE or some other agency and they can be as much as 30 to 40 fifty thousand dollars a year to get your type rating and keep your type rating current every year so really expensive you know my missions for this for this aircraft turbine I have two of them I have uh 101 November x-ray which you've seen and I've got this which is 900 Tango whiskey um I actually dry lease them and I make them available to other Pilots that want to get time in them to sign off for insurance so that's one of my missions for them is to actually make them available in the context of training and of just experience so that you can fly safely in them so if you want to transition to into a turbine I'm one of the few places you could probably go Brett me where you can actually say listen I need a turbine I want to do some trips I want some training instruction I want to get good at this otherwise you have to buy one so if you don't want to buy one and you want to try one with a good qualified instructor and stuff like that I'm probably your only game in town low low prices every day for my missions um I mostly I'm opening up a commercial Lodge in Alaska I want it to be the ultimate fly-in Community more on that in another video because that's a big big project but my missions for this is I never ever know where I'm going I never know where I'm landing I never know where exactly I'm going to end up having to land that's kind of sums up like my missions for an aircraft you cannot take a jet into that world and you cannot take really in my opinion a piston in that world you really need the power and capability of a turbine sometimes I've got to land in under 2 000 feet I got to because on the other side is water or a cliff right so a turbine with its beta and ability to slow down instantaneously is great A TBM is a tank of an aircraft it's a fast tank it will put up it is extremely forgiving so I can enter environments with an extra margin of safety that I don't believe is available in a piston to the same degree certainly not with a jet jets are flown by the numbers and you have to say no to a lot of places and jets a lot of times this aircraft you can safely say yes I've got you know just tremendous infrastructure in this airplane I got tremendous speed and I can land absolutely anywhere so whether it's Alaska or my home Alpine Air Park in Wyoming I can fly a procedure in snow come up over the reservoir the runway can be a little bit contaminated I know that I can slow down again I think the key thing with the turbine is beta once you get a taste of beta being able to throw your prop in reverse and slow down it's very very hard to want to fly anything else foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thatguy7867 [6 likes]: 2 minutes in and they don't even say what manufacturer or model of aircraft this is, nor is it in the description.  That makes me disinclined to watch the remainder.
  2. @rookie962 [2 likes]: What is the rate of climb with one engine out?
  3. @dtoften [1 likes]: This guy is giving a sales pitch.
  4. @mnomad9173: Don’t bash jets. It’s the pilot not the machine. A lot of jets can fill the mission it’s the oilot that can get it done. I learned this from my training in the North west. Oh, twins can’t get in here and out. Well we did. Oh it’s dangerous for turbo props. I flew the mail and got into shitty places. Oh a jet can’t. Well. I flew gets into short runway yada yada. Now the plane and limitations. Get the job done.
  5. @WestleyJacquez-p3j: How can this be better I don't understand than a jet yes it's a regular fuel engine hopefully Honda come reasonably down on that untested ground at that price naw 😢
  6. @ditto1958: He’s sold me. I’m sure it’s not cheap, but next time I need turbo-prop training this is who I’m calling.
  7. @WhateverNoID: Astral human being, giving advice. Not an AI generated load of stuff.
  8. @LawrenceBroussard: Excellent vlog why a TBM
  9. @davidh7799: Fifteen thousand dollars.  As an additional expense that pops up from time to time, this is a rich man's airplane. The t b m is a beautiful aircraft, though.
  10. @JaY7958: who is this guy? does he have a youtube channel?
  11. @stonehorn4641: No, it’s not “better” than a jet
  12. @jacekm4707: But this is a jet.
  13. @KKOPPONG: Where am I pissing though?
  14. @lekijiji: 30 to 40 to 50 thousands a year to keep a jet TR valid? Are you sure?
  15. @desi176-f16: Can you provide his contact information?  I have a use case and would love to train with him!
  16. @Visionhigher: Better than a Jet?????? I don't think so at lease a Jet has two engine in which it carries on much more safety than this model.
  17. @russellbklassen: What aircraft are you talking about
  18. @robtheaccountant: Love it.
  19. @kingcobra7565: Well done!
  20. @jimsteinway695: This is so much better than a jet, then he spends the first half of the video scaring the crap outta you for a turbine

- Cirrus Vision Jet Flight Vlog! Flying Family to Portland!: Kind: captions Language: en what is up everyone and welcome back to another video no we're not yet at the airport we're actually at home right now and I'm super excited to announce that ag1 has teamed up with me to sponsor this video I've been looking forward to trying their product for a while and as a professional water skier I've been able to learn a thing or two about what I should and should not be eating whether I'm skiing whether I'm flying keeping a strong immune system and enough energy to get through the day is very important for me I thought I had it figured out with the electrolytes with the vitamin C and Hauling it around and individual bags each time I travel just was not ideal with ag1 it's super simple with one scoop of powder and some water it's been a great addition to my daily routine I've been taking ag1 in the morning now and the idea behind it is to provide a quick and convenient way to get a wide range of nutrients that might otherwise be hard to fit into a daily diet thank you so much ag1 for sponsoring this video check out their website and the link in my bio and let's go flying [Music] all right one 12 Victor Juliet we're cleared from mlen to PDX via on departure Runway heading red Vector Red Bluff then as file maintain 2,000 expect flight level 3 and 5 minutes frequency 27.4 and 37 34 hold for lease we'll call you back in about 20 minutes for one 12 Victor Juliet all righty door is latched pre- Flat's done gens are on external GPU not needed K Bravo's current stroke lights coming on CLE check back no that one's locked what do you want little more starting why Mission and light off was for N1 before 25 monitoring it oil temp oil pressure looking for hungar I don't see it all righty I'm going to mute the passengers in the back got my sister up front we are heading to Portland fill out this weit and balance real quick all right that all looks good destination kilo Papa Delta x-ray Portland via Red Bluff V so Romeo Bravo Lima that is all in Runway we're going to depart Runway 34 already got the aw picked up and we need about 2,800 ft over 50t obstacle that all looks good databases are all up to date going to go 227 ml Unicom 274 for departure 198 25 for a clearance com SNS are all set welcome up front thanks for sitting up front with me a 3734 is the heading to shots tube we're going to go up to 2,000 traveling with family it's always always interesting all right flight controls are free and correct trim is set flops are coming 50 toga is set I see two over four that looks good all righty let the awesome Li guy know I'm ready to go he seems cool he's awesome everyone here thank you so much ml Jet Services even during the holidays they're working hard all right I'm clear left M Traffic Vision jet2 Victor J taxi 34 from ml Jet Services ml traffic departure briefing Runway 34 we have a whole lot of Runway anything on initial ground roll I'm going to go brakes then thrust 0 to 600 ft if we lose an engine we're just Landing Straight Ahead gear and flaps as required above that um if we lose an engine above 600 ft AGL we can pull caps but above 2000 will troubleshoot do you have any questions think we're good uh all right cool departure briefing is complete we'll make sure the landing lights on when we get there prop heat will be on engine IPS not needed Wing stabs trm is all good batter is all charged up we're just going to go down to 34 and talk to NorCal see if they're ready for us you got your angle of attack cover off yeah I did you got your seat belt on yep everybody's set back here cool um Yen and I are just going to be on the same radios the whole time so if you need me punch me but we're going to go Runway heading up to 2,000 Y and uh level off and go from there so probably be in the clouds for a minute and then we'll be out of there so clear low jet2 Victor Juliet coming up Runway 3 four ready for departure jul standby for [Applause] coordination damn I did not bring any sunglasses CU I didn't think it sunny yeah it will be up there but we can do some sun shade stuff we'll figure it out it's good we'll make it Birds I know the birds were wild the other day huh jul release your departure C have not off not off back on this with your release for departure up in 5 minutes you know one Victor jul thanks CL traffic Vision jet2 Victor Juliet departing 34 straight out we are I far mlen Jet Services mlen all right clear left clear right we're cleared up to 2,000 final looks clear they we're going to take off and kind of go in the clouds for a minute but then we'll break out of all right that is Runway 34 final checks are take off power set and achieved one get engine speeds Live pass 370 accelerating nicely there's rotation positive great Gear's coming up on the will be cir 1 right CL power's coming in traffic 4:00 low 0 miles it's probably on the ground traffic V2 Victor Runway 3 for straight out last call TR go to departure departure Victor Julia 1.2 CL 2000 Runway heading2 Victor Julia nor departure CL maintain 5,000 sa 3023 ID 3023 clim maintain 5,000 and Victor jul turnar is up flaps are up speed is climing wall two Victor Julia of contact 2 miles north of M airport make a left turn heading 3 inial vectors for traffic position checks left turn heading 3 02 Victor Juliet 26 maintain 4000 contact approach 1254 keep going with this checklist MCT is established anent parameters are looking good we'll check back in with cabin here shortly everyone doing okay back there yep awesome so nice up here yeah Victor Julia CL maintain 000 and clear direct Red Bluff clear direct Red Bluff CL maintain 000 two Victor jul Red Bluff we're going to go activate that all looks good J we're going to turn off the back now again hello Vis jet2 Victor Julia 3 ner climbing ner in the turn direct red left Victor jul depart radar contact clim and maintain flight level ner Z CL maintain flight level n z thank you Victor jul awesome all right gets a little busy out of mlen just cuz there's no Tower so like you have to talk to the people local and then approach like really quick but other than that pretty nice day to go find report cancellation in the on this frequency or the following ready to cop right it down to six yeah no it's good ever set a front with me for a video yet welcome to the channel everyone this is my sister she hates flying sometimes depends what she's doing she feels more comfortable in this plane than an airliner is that right what's like your least favorite part about the airlines though like when you level off you don't love that I don't like taking off either yeah you've been pretty good with your flying nerves first time I flew you turned on the blue Cirrus you had some tears but after after that you kind of understood what's going on more and you actually enjoyed it which I think is really cool definitely help knowing what's going on and what's happening and why things sound the way they do yeah cuz I honestly don't like sitting in the backseat of a plane when it's like bumpy or you don't really know where you are like it's just no fun but when you can kind of see where you're going and what you're doing what's happening yeah yeah exactly a lot better all right 7.9 climbing 1 190 pressurization good we can check in with Grandpa CH Grandpa he's been trying to take a photo the last 10 minutes probably okay thank you you're welcome finally it's a little busy I found that flying with my family I kind of just have to mute the back seats just with sterile cockpit once we get up at Cruise what are they doing they want the hat so we have my grandpa is on board he is he's from Czech Republic he moved with my mom escaped communism back when my mom was probably like 5 years old was she so moved to America to save his family and he has stories where he went to a bar that night and tried to open up a bottle of beer and he didn't know how to do it because it's different in the states and asked someone else but he didn't know English so he didn't know English he had no money and he had his whole family here in America and he built his own home worked his butt off and now he has a a spring company there in Sherwood Oregon so he's been there ever since and uh yeah truly the the American dream and my uncles's running that show up there and we're lucky when we get to see see my grandpa and he he's not getting any younger so it definitely helps when he can use this aircraft for family to go visit him it's a lot more comfortable being in this aircraft Than The Airliner so feel super blessed to use it all right cabin pressurization is looking great ice protection pretty soon here I'm going to turn on engine IPS it's going to be a slow climb up to 30,000 ft we're going to turn off the cameras and catch you guys off catch you guys when we level up at 30 thanks for watching all right everyone welcome back we are 28 climbing 30 it's been pretty smooth finding the tops of some clouds but it's one of those days where it's going to be kind of in the soup all day but is what it is luckily we can go up high there's a point at which icing is just too cold up here to pick up icing and that's what is really important to me is just staying away from that how high it is that it just depends it depends but I mean after negative 20° C I'd be very surprised to see moisture in the air at that point it's like just ice crystals it's just so cold if any of you guys are familiar with the area we got Chico off to our right Willows off to our left super great restaurant flying area yeah our route's pretty direct all right 200t to go we're going to hear the ding thrust lever is set ice protection and I'm going to leave engine IPS on we are in rvsm airspace so boots cannot come on stand by desent checks that where's that start 30,000 uh 29,000 rbsm reduce vertical separation right on top of the clouds I like it we're going to turn off the cameras everyone thank you so much for watching we'll catch you on the Descent to Portland we'll see you Turn 3 maintain 4000 I maintain 4,000 right Z charlie delta count Maguire 350 right we're back on our descent thrust lever is set at Landing f is good ice protection engine IPS is on the back folks again War how you doing crazy right just being in CLS for a while yeah it's very different I was kind of on my phone otherwise I just think about it yeah whack pretty crazy I wasn't used to it for a while that traffic at your 9:00 1 mile North indicates 4,000 unverified it's all the same just air NE ner 185 Hotel cross LMO at 5000 cleared Arn Runway two approach Kel airport all right 23.8 descending via 64 additional traffic 12:00 400 un then we be landing South I already let him know that we can't do speed at timers and bance everything looks good we're going to expect Runway traff nov traic 1200 expect uh probably the visual Runway one Z left and then it'll be a right turn to the FBO keeping the power back on The Descent just cuz they were showing quite a bit of bumps but we'll probably pick up a little bit of icing on the way in here's your Oregon Dad how many more days of sun do we get living in Cali 90 90 seems like more release Corvalis Portland gets more than Coral Grandpa how long have you lived in uh Portland area forever forever no but when did you move from check 8 uh we moved 1981 from Czech Republic to Cleveland two years in Cleveland Grandpa I'm going to be talking to them for a bit PR jet one2 Victor Julia 18. ner descending via information Yankee we're doing our best on the speed two Victor Julia Portland approach expect Runway 1 Z left information zul information Zulu is now Current Port get the current weather expect 10 left Victor jul thank you wind 0 at8 visibility went zero ceiling 2 3,000 overcast temperature 1 2.6 Alim 32 visual Runway Z left simultaneous visual3 1700 SK 33 44 Victor jul we got Zulu two Victor juli R what mountain is that you know oh that's Grandpa he'll now hey Grandpa what mountains are off to our right we got this one and then that one and that one so Hood Jefferson no no hel H Washington okay this is Hood then 3,400 direct the flat all the way in Coral yeah yeah yeah 3344 turn right mini resumo navigation right direct mini oh navigation SK 3344 everyone seat belt all good yep approach briefing is complete all seats are upright ice protection is all good lights are on standby flaps look at this fix you know Blazer shout out to whoever made the fixes for Runway one Z left into Portland appreciate it it was Mom yeah thanks Mom so can they fly over uh to shood we're going turn left head at 3 3 back your Final Approach course maintain 5,000 maintain 5, left turn heading 33012 Victor Julia he heard you over yeah Grandpa we're doing what ATC says Seattle I'm going to go away in the comps let me know if you guys need anything okay so we're going over Aurora airport right now two Victor Juliet contact approach 26 Point N 26 N Victor jul yeah Victor juli 7.2 descending 5000 Hing 330 Victor jul approach hello maintain 4,000 40002 Victor Juliet just look at how many houses down here houses on houses crazy 592 airport 10:00 8 Miles inside jet 592 jet share 592 Vis approach no your but that's yeah right there oh so what's that we are in gam downtown gam further off to the right is Port F further over there that little mountain Grandpa we're saying is downtown oh okay you right yeah yeah yeah so they really developed the place grum is growing that's skyscrapers oh so we are you're coming in from the West Landing East okay all right it's back to just us on comps all right I'm going to go manual speed on the auto thrott sounds like this will be our last frequency so I can just put in Tower J2 Victor julot Cent maintain 3,000 maintain 3,00 2 Victor Julia all right 3,000 is set Vis 2 Victor Julia turn heading 0 1 0 right turn heading 0 1 0 field sight2 Victor jul two Victor clear Vis approach one Z left clear visual approach Runway one Z left Victor jul thank you speed check first Notch our first Notch flaps is in air speed is 140 Vision jet 2 Victor Julia traffic 12 moving 11:00 4 miles south Southeast down indicates a th000 aircraft likely transitioning to Pearson Airport 3 miles uh West to Portland on the final all right we'll be looking two Victor jul negative contact two Victor Juliet contact Portland Tower 12377 have a nice day sir over Tower you do as well thank you one two Victor good day Tower good afternoon vision2 Victor Julia inbound visual Runway 1 Z left Vision jet one2 Victor Juliet Portland Tower wind 080 at Niner r one Z left land Victor jul Vision jet 2 Victor jul traffic 12:00 and 2 and2 miles turning eastbound Al indicate 700 ft and descending assess no landing at Pearson Airport look Tower one left flight 17 592 turn ta straight into the ramp this frequency today three to the ramp Victor Julet traffic going into position depart arrival J and fr flight 1790 1 0 80 Niner Runway one Z left clear for takeoff clear for take off one Z left flight 179 speed check gear coming down w that's so cool three green no red collapse one notch to go cabin pressure is coming down nicely windshield IPS is off I did this approach not too long ago iess two minimums after moderate icing and severe turbulence in another Vision jet it was no fun good to be back with good weather all right we got the traffic looks like there's an airport here under the Charlie airspace we got them in sight Tower helicopter one today we are done we are going to transition to downtown and then Hills helicop One mic proceed to downtown the plane may say traffic you guys it's just because there's someone off to our left but I see him Vision 2 Victor Juliet traffic just departed Runway 8 at Pearson just ahead to the left and about a half mile out indicates 400 climbing we got Victor still clear left two Victor jul air Runway one Z left clear to land VI right speed check front flight 1790 contact departure take care 1 all right I'm going turn off the auto throttle just have a little more control of the speed and autopilot is coming away right before landing three green no red laps are full we are clear to land y go 500 500 call three green Tower South 423 is with you one Z left sou 423 Tower only one Z left clear to land 1 0 8 Z Niner clear to land one Z left Southwest 423 Southwest 423 numerous aircraft in the pattern at Pearson Airport 12:00 and 2 and a half miles altitudes indicate 1,000 and Below we're looking Southwest 423 Southwest 423 closest to is traffic 11:00 and about a mile and a half westbound outes 1000 we're looking for in the checks are complete Southwest 423 has a crosswind traffic insight and the base 423 Roger thank you M are you going to orbit downtown for a b you head to Hillboro no we're going to go direct to one Momo helicopter one Mico Roger and helicopter one Momo I'll take an early right turn off here you want to go to Portland approach or Hill Tower r one Mike Romeo stand by all right clear right Vision jet two Victor Julia turn right at Alpha 4 and contact ground point9 right turn Al over to ground Victor jul whiskey clear right for flap coming up probes off jet Victor jul Al Atlantic please Victor jul whiskey at all right everyone well welcome to Portland thank you so much for watching hope everyone's doing well and J thanks for sting up front and see you on the next video have a good one you guys he

  Top Comments:
  1. @garybruton1359 [1 likes]: Hey Blaze, when did you first start flying and how many total hours do you have on the books and how many in the Cirrus Jet? Thanks for the great videos also, it's always a pleasure watching them.
  2. @VINIOM10 [1 likes]: Nice Video Congrats from Brazil!
  3. @DerPegga [1 likes]: The Vision Jet is a dream! But I think the little sister, the SR22, would be enough for me hehe—both are amazing planes! <3 Great video and always so relaxing to watch. =)
  4. @thomasroblee [1 likes]: You should get her. On the. Radio. Lol.    Something to do 😊    can. You. Fly a. SR 22. ?  The controls are about  the same.    Just have. Her. Do some turns.   And. Climes up and down a bit.    She  can learn. A bit what to do.     If needed.     😊     she help with plane. Spotting. ?
  5. @Unpack: WHATS THAT TABLET YOU HAVE THERE? IS IT A IPAD MINI?
  6. @matthewhyland4456: Nice to see young people that are smart and making something of themselves.  I have hope
  7. @jasonwagner4266: I’m expecting to see this guy on pilot debrief some day.
  8. @mikeforslund7375: Dang I want to fly with Blazer.  Hes the man!
  9. @kakuto500: YAY!!! 
Portland!!!!
  10. @Gifted-z3n: This video is very beautiful ❤❤
  11. @henryreed6911: Blaze leave the Bible scriptures up on the screen a lil longer please 🙏🏾🙌🏾
  12. @richnunes5683: From NorCal as well and in aviation. You are a fantastic pilot. Great videos.
  13. @tomsirois5668: Doesn’t it bother the pilot not to see when in the clouds 🌧️
  14. @douglasschliewen4302: Being thorough and a stickler for going through checklists with detail and executing things with detailed precision is the mark of a true polymath.   An excellent flyer and disciplined individual!!!   Few persons exemplify such a paragon of excellence and professionalism!!!
  15. @stephenstricklin2720: New subscriber.  Love your channel!  I am also a fearful flyer but also find it to be magical.
  16. @majic5zero: I heard that.  I've never liked sitting anywhere, but in the Captain's seat.  Even flying on the airlines, I'm slightly paranoid.  I want to be in command.  When we moved from Hawaii to Vegas, I swore after that nearly 6 hour flight in what I called a cattle car in the sky that that was it for me.  Even though I've been out of aviation for over 20 years, I now have a new goal:  Get current and get back in the sky...in my own left seat.  I commend you on your aviation career and your YouTube venture.  You are truly living the dream.  Stay with it.  You won't regret it.  Beside a career and, potentially, a business of your own, you are building priceless memories that you will look back on with warmth and gratitude.  🤠
  17. @NicholasRodriguez-r9j: Fantastic news now need to save my pocket money for a long time 😭😭😭🙏❤❤🇬🇧🇺🇸😎🤠👍
  18. @jesseferdinandpasco1661: We need more footage with your sister :)
  19. @Pilotwisco: Cool video, sorry Im late to the party. I think I heard you say, no boots in RVSM? What's about the TKS system prohibits use in RVSM?
  20. @robgibbs8118: What a blessing it must be to share with your family, the love of flying! I’m really enjoying the videos and especially appreciate the scripture. Very uplifting.

- Cirrus Vision Jet Flight Vlog! Florida to Oklahoma in the SF50!: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys welcome back to another video we're with one 12 Victor Juliet today we're in beautiful Panama City Beach Florida we're heading back to Sacramento it's going to be a long day come join us on our first leg to Oklahoma thanks for watching [Music] all right we're in the plane we haven't got our engine started but um I'm going to pick up our IFR clearance to kilo Lima Alpha Whiskey before my passengers get here Vision jet2 Victor Juliet looking to pick up our IFR to kilo Lima Alpha Whiskey please Victor jul clear to Lima Alpha Whiskey Airport via defund direct Crest View direct Shire thenen as filed maintain 3,000 expect F 30 0 1 0 minutes departure frequency 12 0.82 squawk 3256 all right November november2 Victor Juliet we're cleared to the kilo Lima Alpha Whiskey Airport via defund Charlie Echo whiskey Shire as file maintain 3,000 expect flight level 3000 and 10 freeny 12 0.82 squ 3256 for one2 Victor Julia thank you all righty we got our clearance let's get these engines started here shortly it's good door is shut and verified parking brake is coming on that one and two is on gen one and gen 2 on serial GP is not needed verified Bravo is good strobe light cast are checked I hear the pump I see it 1001 n two light off got ignition got N1 that's all looking good making sure there's no hung start see a h start Aus clearance has received to 3,000 direct defon altimer 3010 transponder set heading altitude is all good flight controls are free correct trim is set for takeoff two times plaps com 50 toga button ground Vision jet2 Victor Juliet we at Shel with Charlie taxi please Vision Two Victor J ground uh Runway 34 taex jul Runway 3 via Juliet Victor Julet all right we're clear on the right we're clear forward clear on the left 34 via Juliet good morning citation triple2 Juliet briefing 34 anything goes wrong inial ground roll we're going to stop 0 600 we're Landing Straight Ahead th to 2000 we will pull the Caps everything's normal we're going direct defund up to 335 10 2082 and 0712 for triple to Julie Mike all righty my left Wing's clear my right looks good as well M back all right my right wing looks good I see Juliet right there man they pack him in here everyone hear me okay yep awesome yeah yeah welcome aboard everyone we're heading home fun times in Florida in Oklahoma new state yeah yeah I don't even know what airport this is but it looks looks good right Pro Pat's coming on engine IPS not needed that's good trim is good flaps are 50 and verified Alex I'm switching to tower Tower hello V jet2 Victor Julia coming up Runway 34 at Juliet we'll be ready for [Applause] departure 839 extend down when just a tad bed I'll car your base riddle 839 you'll call the base two Victor Juliet Panama Tower wind 360 at 7 fly Runway heading Runway 34 cleared for takeoff fly Runway heading Runway 34 clear for takeoff november2 Victor Juliet 839 thanks so much Bas leg approved your discretion traffic departing Bas like a prob fresh all that's on flaps are 50 I'm clearing the right clearing the left guys ready to roll yeah yeah ready to rock all right it's turn away 3 4 I see it all right Caster clear it's rock and roll stable take off all right take off power set and achieved one good Engine air speed is alive there's 50 knots we're gaining speed nicely we have a nice long Runway don't need to rush anything and there's rotation positive rate on the brakes gears up all right we're looking for 115 for our flaps 115 flaps are coming up November two Victor jul contact Tindle departure good day departure great day Victor Julet information 17526 has information Charlie expecting the visual for 34 and King Air Bravo Romeo 7,000 for 6,000 Charlie 1 Z Bravo Romeo T approach main 4,000 hello Victor 1.3 climbing 3,000 Runway heading 12 Victor Juliet approach ID clim 5,000 clim 512 Victor Juliet 2 VOR Julet R contact 2 miles Northport position checks two Victor Julet all right thrust lover is good engine parameters are good cabin pressurization is looking good ice protection needed out uh transition to go jul contact approach 125.2 252 good day2 Victor jul jet2 V Juliet 2.1 cling 5000 Runway heading2 Victor Juliet approach Roger CL 1 1000 Clem 11 100012 Victor Juliet all right welcome aboard to fly with my beautiful girlfriend up front parents from the back we are heading home going to be a long one today yeah Sack toown or bust Sack toown or bust I like it first off Oklahoma it's awesome tendle approach Delta 2736 out of 10,000 descending to 8,000 with Charlie all right 3.2 for 11 look for the turn soon hope n z for the visual see we got some weather right here we'll probably go just to the left of we may be above it by then also so actually I see it right there so you guys all good back there all good mom doesn't have headset on so okay she don't care you guys cool enough yeah we're good Victor jul direct vict J all righty na mode we're looking good the chattahi river oh yeah right there so funny way down y oh yeah there's beautiful Santa Rosa Beach oh yeah that's probably what is that off S yes it is there's d282 what do you think about the upfront and the SF you probably sat up here more than anyone so far oh it's compared to the other plane the SR22 what do you think oh this is the best seat in the house I think there's like a good amount more room and then also it's just so cool that it's all simplified with just screens screen are pretty unreal it's really crazy and like this um window number 12 Victor juli contact Jacksonville sent a 120 20.2 good2 Victor Juliet Jacksonville Hello Vision jet2 Victor Juliet 7.6 climing 1 312 Victor Julet hey you just feel like you're in a bubble with this beautiful like the big window just like you see all the things yeah any any This Plane gets a lot of flock for say it goes so low if you go any higher all this window space is going to be and have like a little window so they open it up pretty pretty darn well I like seeing out so me too .5 climbing 23 all right well we have some clouds above us it's still quite positive temperatures and I don't see anything on the screen so nothing I'm worried about just maybe a couple bumps it's crazy how much Bay is behind yeah Santa Roa and Destin do you think it's Gator Nation I don't know about the bay but I don't want to know yeah I don't want to know either I don't know if they live in brackish water but yeah aren't they more CRS do I think all right into the clowns we're still on positive temps which I love there's four Celsius so I'm going to turn on the engine di ice just that's what the P says five and below and visible moisture you whip it on get back there dad 171g to put my head down 17000 two Victor jul no delay through 15,000 no delay through 15,000 12 Victor jul yeah already giv them the best we can do really so n 13 climing 23 verer I would give them more but you see 145 indicated if I was to get into icing which is it could be a little light rhyme I would have to be 160 knots so then I'd have to slow down even more so it's kind of funky 95 95 uniform contact Pensacola to Victor Juliet after defund clear sh all right after defund clear sh thank you one to Victor J we can come on here gtc2 just gave us a little shortcut 3 this part of flying never get sold oh breaking through yeah so cool and there's the tops so pretty so cool wow that it's gorgeous right all right 166 climbing 230 I didn't get anything on the wings maybe just a tiny bit it'll melt off climb checks complete standby Cruise a lot of people have been asking me about this thing we can thank mom in the back for buying this I thought it was a joke but is a kidss writing tablet that we got on Amazon for about $6 and has changed my flying World instead of having a iPad that you have to recharge having a piece of paper that you have to throw out every time this is always plan have to charge it can write everything down scrible makes for great all the good stuff all right 18 3 vict J thanks sir all right so slow boring climb up to 30,000 ft we'll catch you guys all righty 27 climbing 30 mom's probably already asleep she claims that she gets less oxygen than us up front I don't think she's used to C pressure being above 5,000 so what's mom's flying Essentials that's a that's a good question a brush a bag that's half open shoving in the plan whole lot of coffee like four bananas up to 40 Stanley a book A book A book multiple books a Stanley that is like flying around the cabin not anywhere secured yeah well cuz the stands don't fit into the cup holders three or four peac cups that's always yeah people ask how we pee up here and it's like well you have to get creative yeah it's honestly kind of a workout low key yeah lot of bottles what you consume goes right back in that cup exactly it's a great great concept yeah pretty much all right last thousand feet climb and slow I think when we hit that thousand feet mom's going to be ready pee to pee all right yeah I mean we are 30 minutes in the flight I mean that's a long one already that's about the time all right we're level at 3 Cruise thrust is good Isis protection's good Wing stabs are all good cabin's comfy we'll catch you guys in The Descent to hopefully Oklahoma we'll see how far we can get get West Main 4000 zero charlie delta con Maguire approach 1 2 6.47 airport information Echo 1653 observation windable at 5 visibility 1 2,600 scattered temperature 26 2.1 ner temperature 3 010 rway 17 and US Rivals expect visual approach advise onal contact you information Echo right we got information Echo 23.1 descending pretty cool what they had us do they said cross 37 miles before lot that maintain 6,000 so I can do it right here 6,000 37 miles before and it makes a way point for us and we just go vnav direct technology is cool so sweet here's your uh checklist back th lover is good Landing field elevation 11 one0 that looks good ice protection's good altimer transition to go welcome to Oklahoma sweet are we in the state already uh we are yeah all Lots in approach thing runway 17's in use we have a tower there so they'll tell us if they want us to enter left or right um when we land we're going to lot and Aviation Services it'll be a left turnout maybe Delta get some fuel go to the bathroom and head on to the next stop possibly Lake Powell what city and state is Lake Powell in um Paige Arizona I will be landing with about 64 fuel an hour great what was your estimate about this yeah beautiful Oklahoma whole lot of nothing down here 352 cut at 3297 it's cool though look pry 32 there lots of water which is cool yeah sure it's a good way of life oh country song is something about kaboo Creek like kapoo can't remember what country song something on number Victor jul approach 18.6 all6 get2 Victor Juliet okay approach low vision jet2 Victor jul 8.3 desending six styles with information Echo number two Victor jet for approach expect visual approach Runway 17 expect the visual Runway 1 7 Julia it's so cool seeing these little towns all right th000 ft to go 6.9 descending 6,000 disconnect Auto throttle cuz I want to be able to control our speed on the way in November two Victor jul in send discr maintain 3,000 down 3,002 Victor Juliet all righty I'm going to Vertical track 3,000 all righty altitude is captured are there any ski lakes in Oklahoma I don't not that I know though you guys know any skiers from Oklahoma no no looks like we got a little town off our right Victor j e with the restricted area north of the airport uh yeah we have an inside Victor first time here two Victor jul Rog when your base turn to the airport you'll need to keep it within two miles of the runway to avoid the restricted space Roger we see it thanks sir a blue area restricted yeah it is right bus are on you guys good sport approach maintain verify you have the weather at Duncan cancellation receive no traffic serve between you and the airport your service terminate change frequency is approve have a good day Auto throws coming off again going to bring the power back ride the wave these bumps wonder why he brought you down so soon I don't know probably just restricted airspace or something but yeah not too big of a deal Victor Julet LA airport 12:00 one Z milesp Now VI jul jul Roger clear visual approach Runway 17 just keep the base within 2 and half miles clear with visual Runway 1 7 will keep the Bas tight two Victor jul two Victor J contact L Tower N9 have a good day 199 great day 12 VI Julet all righty I got the field Target afternoon Vision jet2 Victor Julia inbound visual Runway 17 over one two Victor Juliet Lon Tower report two mile left base Runway 1 7 Port 2 m left base 1 712 vctor jul all righty I'm going to go activate vectors to final start slowing us up more go hitting mode I see the airports right over there this kind of looks like a ski Lake over here all all right first Notch flops coming in sweet chick oh yeah there's totally a water ski course down there there on this like off of the right wing right below us yeah totally of course but no turn Island right no wow that's so funny speed check gears coming down down flaps 150 flaps coming full differential pressure is coming down nicely looking good to Victor jul 2 Mile left base 1 one2 Victor Juliet Runway 1 7 clear to land wind 11 Z at 7 Runway 17 clear to land2 Victor Julia thank you all right and autopots coming off clear the restricted space before landing gears down three green no red flops are full yam to go and we are clear to land oh there's a Cracker Barrel oh lunch time hey a lot of ours are closing and look a water park do we have time let's go get up the ski Lake hey and a cable Park I think oh yeah definitely maybe all right that's Runway 17 I see it MFD confirms let's turn final altitude is looking good there's VF plus 10 I like it 500 all right 500 call out three green no red flaps full beautiful r w i like their little Tower over there we're a little high but we're looking good plenty of Runway we'll be patient with it y damp is away Landing checks are complete whole lot of float but it was smooth and be are down it thank you nice job thank you guys welcome to Oklahoma vict left Charlie left Alpha parking left turn Charlie left turn Alpha to parking with you12 Victor Julet all righty we're clearing the right we're clearing the left flaps are up probes are off follow this checklist swings engine probes sock good CH Lang L as well all right everyone welcome to Oklahoma thanks for watching this video and we'll see you on the next one say bye everyone peace all

  Top Comments:
  1. @RadioRich100 [2 likes]: Another utube idiot riggs camera in the plane to perform for a video instead of piloting the aircraft. This should be illegal.
  2. @bradj229 [1 likes]: I'm not even a pilot, I just like watching young people dominate life! Nice job sir!
  3. @howardgraff4084 [1 likes]: @2:40 he says "flight controls free and correct" without looking to see if they function correctly!  He should be looking at the wings and over his shoulder to the tail whilst he moves the controls.  That's a flight test fail right there.  Checklists are there for a reason....
  4. @Deadstick_OG [1 likes]: How's that gum?
  5. @rmwallis5943 [1 likes]: lucky you didn't get your rims stolen in Lawton
  6. @NeySantos-q5f [1 likes]: Para bens sim ok ❤❤❤
  7. @JoeyRamone-p1h [1 likes]: Geez, what does dad do for a living, we know what mom does
  8. @AaaBbb-t6y7u: I would say only this - you must be crazy to buy and fly a single jet engine airplane - it is unsafe and dangerous because of lack of redundancy. There will be always those companies producing unsafe by design airplanes, cars, bicycles etc. - this does not mean that those should be bought and used.
  9. @stanhutchins4365: Does anyone else in your family fly?
  10. @johnscherer5380: Do you calculate your takeoff ground run for each takeoff?   Do you do a speed check to see if you’re getting normal acceleration?  We could use you in the USAF as a pilot.  I taught in both the T-37 and T-38.  Also 2,300 hours in the C-5.  Fly safe, John, ATP/CFII SMEL.  Colonel USAF (ret)
  11. @experimentalvid: Single pilot technique of talking to yourself keeps your head in the game. Good work load management, single pilot resource management. Good aircraft and procedural knowledge. Exhibited a nice balance of observed behaviors to show competency. You had some excellent instructors! My question for you would be what specifically stands out in your mind from that flight that you could’ve done better or improve on? Keep it up, you’re doing great!
  12. @coolmoise: Amazing Young Man 😊 Keep it up and Jesus-Christ bless you! Cheers
  13. @RadioRich100: Yeah right like this kid really owns that airplane. Clickbait.
  14. @ze-z9f: pom p it
  15. @rickcowan1002: You did not fly over the chattahoochi river. The chattahoochi river is approximately 60 miles to your Northeast.

You flew just west of my house & later over the  Choctawhatchee River.
  16. @SyoCoF: I'm not a pilot, but please someone tell me that the puddle of liquid below wasn't fuel and that they checked for the leak. 😅
  17. @bigdogg1206: But bro, what happens if a duece hits ya? There isnt a place you could throw out a bag is there? Lol
  18. @anthonypike1910: how do you not "cut these cheese" on a trip that long?
  19. @briansteinfeldt9120: Fantastic!!!! I stumbled across this video by accident...love it...thank you for sharing. You have talent.
  20. @PeterJanes-n1f: Searching youtube for videos on "Laughable lifestyles I will never have"

- 2025 Cirrus SF50 Vision Jet, USA to Australia Again Day 1, Flight VLOG #35: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to part one of my Ferry of this beautiful ARA Edition Cirrus sf50 Vision jet from the United States to Australia the delivery starts in hiis in Massachusetts and then routs Northbound into bangam Main and Goose Bay then we'll cross the Atlantic across into nasak in Greenland and rovic in Iceland before Crossing into Scotland in veness and then down into Oxford for a few days where the aircraft will have a 100h hour check then we cross Europe into Croatia for a couple of stops down into cre and then into hagard in Egypt then leaving Hig will do one stop in Saudi Arabia over to muskat in Oman and then across two stops in India and mamad and Kolkata before going into changai in Thailand from then we'll be going down into Malaysia Jakarta and Indonesia across into barley and then down into broom in Northwest Australia from there we'll then be traveling around Australia for a couple of weeks before ending up in Sydney I hope you enjoy these videos okay so in um bangam main now the aircraft is outside over there behind the fuel truck it's already been fueled I've been over to see uh customs and exported the aircraft so the aircraft is ready to continue its trip out of the United States and uh on its way to Australia so um yeah I've also contacted can pass it's very important that uh if you're delayed at all and you're entering Canada that you always uh make sure that they know so I was meant to be there at 10:00 this morning now going to be there at about 11:30 and also I'm going to stay there overnight as well so I've given them a call uh and uh and let them know that as well and I'm just going to wander out to the aircraft now um keeping myself nice and warm it's about- 6 here uh Centigrade um it's a little it's pretty similar in goosebay as well might get a little bit of snow overnight as well so it might be uh sweeping the snow off the airplane in the morning but we'll see so yep gonna get in the aircraft and uh and head [Applause] off they uh they keep the fuel trucks running here get so cold that rather than the fuel trucks keep on starting when the engine's cold they actually uh keep the trucks running so uh heading out to the aircraft little bit snow on the ground actually there was meant to be a lot more snow here but in fact they said it's had quite a bit of rain so it's uh so most of the snow is uh has gone or not materialized but um yeah so I'm going to get into the aircraft now and then uh far up and off we go to Canada really really important always make sure take off the AOA little step back make sure all the plugs and everything are off and away and the only thing I put on when I landed here was uh the uh AOA so taking that off so in the cruise uh flight level 270 just between uh Banger Main and Goose Bay Canada and um It's Beginning of January so um it's pretty cold around the area but also it's not far from Christmas so therefore I've got coffee and a minced pie so while I sit up here in the cruise just above the clouds I'm going to enjoy a coffee and a minced pie with about an hour and a half to run to uh Goose Bay just under an hour to go now and uh had a direct Goose Bay actually straight out of Bango which is quite nice a little bit choppy here so excuse the video bouncing around but um yeah so about an hour to go so I'm just going to start looking at some things and sort of getting some weather information so I've got the connect weather you can see that up here now it's showing that uh I've got s some downloads and the Met download so I'm just going to go into my flight plan and we can see here uh next to c y yr we got a little green flag uh so we got some weather information on there so I'm just going to tap on there three point information here's weather and raw meta and most importantly I want to see what uh the wind is doing 05 13 and um that was, 1400 Zulus about 30 minutes ago uh but that's okay so uh 05 13 so we're probably going to be using Runway 06 I think it is at C Bay and uh 2925 is the outer media setting in fact I can set that right now 2925 it just goes in the pre-select up on the screen there uh which is great uh also what I'm going to do is uh a couple of different ways you can actually get your 8's frequency so I'm going to put the 8's frequency actually in in a similar way that I did it there so I'm just going to go into Goose Bay go into Waypoint information here we got frequencies and there's atis going to tap on the AIS frequency and then here I wanted to go into the Comm 2 active so as soon as I push that there it goes com to active and while I'm there I'm going to take the ground fre quency and tap on that one and go to standby so there you go so we got those frequencies in there straight away and all that looks good and um so uh let's have a little look and see which approach we'll probably get going so on here what we can do is we have a look at the procedure we can go into the approach and uh let's have a look at doing the r&p or they are have approach for Runway 08 now we've got a selection of lots of different um um initial approach fixes here so what I'm going to do is I'm just going to choose one of them let's go lesic okay and then I'm going to make sure that my blue border so my blue before I do is over here and uh let's just go back into where I was there so procedure can't have approach for Runway 08 bupy going to say lesic and I'm going to go preview and I want the preview to show on the charts so what I'm going to do is just go show on charts and then that pops up here and then I can see actually I'm coming in from the south and so I've got a few different options here that I can see I've got uh davig and uh ugu so I think ugu is probably the one that they'll probably choose for me to go straight in I think so what I'm going to do on here is I'm just going to go into the transition and then go lugu uh Minimus I can see down on the bottom here is 360 ft so I'm going to type in 3 60 go enter and then everything looks good there's the sequence of events if I want to have a look through the sequence of events as to what's going to happen on my way in to the airport ugu lesic fafco satak KAC then the runway and then the missed approach is going to be durx and into the hold so that looks pretty nice and then I'm going to do is I'm going to load it okay so loaded it and now that's loaded into the system the way that I generally have my um uh MFD setup is I'm a North up sort of guy as people know and then uh down the bottom I have the uh active flight plan and then I can see there I've got my cumulative distances and what's going on there and so what I'm also going to do here as well is I'm just going to set up a descent profile so um what I often do is I'll go into the airport of where I'm going and tap on the altitude button here I'm going to have a look at the Airfield elevation which you can see just down there is 160 ft in magenta and I'm just going to take that and I'm going to go into the altitude mean sea level and I'm going to take the 2 the um 160 ft and just type that in so 2,160 ft so I'm going to assume that I want to be about 2,000 ft over the top of the airport and then go enter and then I'm going to create this okay so now we've got over the top of goose bay 2,160 ft or 2,000 ft above the ground with a 3.7 de flight path angle that's now telling me over here that I'm going to descend in 40 minutes so that will give me just a good rough indicator as to when I'm going to start descending so that's uh all set up so yeah nice and simple there I've just loaded up the um the approach based upon the connect weather that I've got downloaded I've also loaded up the 8S frequency and the ground frequency in there so I can use that later on and then up on the chart over here I can then just come into onto this um split screen we can go into charts and then I have the chart there and now what I can do is with my little button one push on there will take me to the checklist push and hold for two to three seconds and that'll bring me back to the approach chart so I've got everything set up really nicely going to move my blue from there over to here so I don't mess up things that I'm doing on here and then we're all set up contact me now on 3482 134 82 November 806 mik okay so quick frequency change so I've typed in there 1 [Music] M level 270 okay nice cool so yeah so you know about an hour out I've just prepped up a few things and uh what I can do now is I can brief myself I can have a look at the charts I can do anything else that I need to do I can prepare myself for my descent profile do my checklist whenever I need to and uh you know I'm not feeling that I'm uh behind time when I arrive at the airport golf weather at 1500 Zulu wind 070 at6 visibility one two rain 4 2,300 scattered ceiling 3,200 broken 4,500 broken temperature 2 2.1 alimer 2 Niner 25 Pro turn Runway 08 POS for request apprach signal contact landing and a buring Runway 08 service condition Runway 08 condition 555 is 100% wet issued at 1 59 Zulu for MC you have Aus golf CR airport information golf weather at 1500 Zulu L 0706 ability two light rain 400 few 2,300 scattered deing 3,200 broken 4500 broken temperature 2 2.1 alimer 2 Niner 25 Pro 08 for request apprach onal contact landing and a Runway 08 condition go 555s 100 % wet is at one5 okay so it's interesting so I picked up the 80s there and I noticed now that I've uh died in the wrong Al meter setting so 2925 and we have information golf and I'll let them know what approach I want when I arrive or when I start speaking to them so 0706 and 2925 2° cenr it's quite warm based upon the ATS and what they said we uh was correcting what approach we're going to do so I've got 08 on have approach lugu I've Got Loaded in there and uh have a quick look at the approach plate so Attis we've already listened to just got that down there gander is the frequency I'm currently on 120 decimal 4 Goose terminal is probably going to be in my next one 119 decimal 5 so I'm just going to come into here and then go to 119 decimal 5 go enter and um rest of the frequencies are okay I've still got my vertical profile set up to be at 2,160 ft over top of the airport which is giving me a top of descent in about 11 minutes and that's fine you know it doesn't have to be accurate I can adjust it a little bit later on when I'm closer and I've descended a bit further good terminal hello 86 Pap mics flat 270 and have a information golf anding the r08 806 path micer alimer 29 or 25 cleared to leic be Runway 08 when you're ready you can descend 6,000 I'll get you to give me your best speed to uh to lesic for following traffic what with uh route direct to leics and when ready to send 6,000 with best speed 86 mik okay great so let's have a look at that so we got a director lesic so let's do that activate that so that's a direct two there we go so we're just making sure here so we're going direct lesic which we can see here aircraft turning very slightly and then he said we can do uh down to 6,000 so here actually it says um 2,800 which is going to be our new uh active vertical navigation because now we've got um an altitude that is within the approach and so he said go down to 6,000 so what I'm going to do is I'm going to set get 6,000 on my out bug so altitude knob here so 6,000 long way down and he's asked me for best speed as well so um what will happen is that I can have a look in here go into my vnav have a look at my descent and it's going to be going uh Mac um. 51 I'm at uh ma 517 at the moment so I'm happy with that or 245 knots so that'll be my best speed on the way down and then in 2 minutes and 33 seconds the aircraft will start descending down towards uh the 6,000 ft that I've bugged but The Descent profile is actually based upon the 2,800 ft which is where we should be at lesic so good all that's looking good so far we'll wait for the aircraft to start doing The Descent had the vertical track warning uh when time to double descend was at 1 minute so what I've done is I've set the 6,000 which it was already set anyway I did that when he cleared me to go down there at my discretion and now the path is now taking over as it does that just switched it into FMS now I was actually flying in manual mode I was just trying to bring the fuel flow down a little bit uh so I was uh just having a bit of a play we see what different uh speeds or Max settings were going to give me different fuel flows but uh now we're on our way down and we're descending at a mac. 51 so I'm quite happy with that and we're passing now 26,200 ft we're on our way down we can see our liver blue altitude select Arc just up there telling us where we will be at 6,000 ft which is just before the 2,800 ft bottom of descent at lesic and so I'm just going to run through these now so thrust lever is as required and the auto throttle is doing what it needs to do Landing field elevation so I can just double check that so I have a look on the chart here and you can just see there it says 160 ft just checking down here it says 160 ft for the pressurization system so that's good ice protection is as required I might put that uh the um IPS engine IPS on a little bit lower was all quite high above the clouds at the moment so that's fine local aler setting yeah I've got 2925 is set there I made a little mistake earlier on but picked that up because of the amount of times that we do check it seat Bel I'm will strapped in and I'm going to check my brakes and my brake pressure is looking good and then I'm going to do my Approach briefing which actually I've already done so will skip through that and then all seats are good ice protection is as required I'm going to put the engine IPS on a little bit lower and my lights are all on and flaps to 50 will be the next thing when I'm a little bit further uh closer into the approach he said best speed so that's what I'm going to do f proed for the so got German air force aircraft behind us that sounds like that's why we're keeping our speed up not too sure what sort of aircraft it is German air force 850 Z okay that uh no problem you can have the the the ILS uh via Bell so we're still keeping our speed up still doing mac. 51 at the moment which is about 230 of knots true soorry indicated so I expect somewhere along the line he'll clear us to the airport VI leics for the approach and that's when then I can start to arm the approach mode on the autopilot to intercept and then glow down the Glide path getting the standard Barrow warning now so I'm going to push the knob here and what I want you to notice is the the difference in the vertical navigation profile so I'm just going to push that and all a sudden the vertical profile changes because the difference between the 2992 and the 2925 had meant now that I'm a lot lot lower on my profile uh based upon the standard pressure setting so what the aircraft will do now is it will just level off a little bit re intercept that from below pick it up and start going down again so when you got a big pressure change from standard to the outer meter setting that they're using sometimes you could get is to go up if it's lower or down if it's higher and the aircraft will now adjust itself accordingly so he has cleared us uh I wasn't videoing when he said it so I'm just going to push the button 806 Papa mik cleared Goose Airport irav runway 08 leex transition so we go so we can hear that I just use the playback button which is really really useful for uh just reconfirming what you're doing and uh we're not very far away I'm going to start slowing it down a little bit I know he did say best speed I'm doing 245 knots of the moment so I'm going to just click this into manual mode here and I'm going to come back towards 210 knots for the moment still keeping the speed up a little bit and he has cleared us so therefore now I can go down to 2,800 ft which is the altitude I need to be at at lesic and that now matches the vertical navigation profile and he has cleared me for the approach so I'm going to push the approach button Glide path comes up which means that once we capture the Glide slope which I can see the Glide path sorry which I can see the bottom of the diamond is just there in Gray as a preview then it will capture that on the way down also L the tower frequency in there in preparation ger Air Force 8 continue desc 6000 the approach is loaded and is activated I can tell it's activated because the lesic is in magenta and also I've armed the approach Bon and I can tell that because the Glide path is displaying up here in white good coming down not a lot of cloud around but I am going to put the engine IPS on anyway just as we come down into some of the cooler going to the clouds which is uh minus 8 at the moment so just make sure I'm protecting the engine turning the bleed air that goes to the d-ring on I have about just under a minute to go to the the leics it's now telling me just to watch my speed so therefore what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go from manual mode into FMS and then what it'll do is he'll start bringing it back towards 180 knots as I come in so he did say best be to lesic and I've given him that and now we're going to start backing off the Speed towards 180 knots as we come through the initial approach fight November 806 po M you can contact tower now 11 n or decimal one9 1 November 06 thanks okay already had that preloaded hello 806 Papa Mike just turning at left six for the r08 806 Papa Mike the wind 0606 alimer 2 Niner 25 number one8 report say attac and 2925 report at stch November Pap Mike 806 Papa mik Tower where you pring uh we're going to Woodwards today thank you good so all that's looking nice we're at 180 knots coming down I'm just going to wait now for the Glide path to start coming down but in the meantime I'm going to select one stage of flap which will then start bring this back towards 140 so one stage of flap if I have a look here the flap and then 140 on the air speed and then that's my final for the landing gear little sort of M of clouds around here bit of snow on the ground but not as much as as you know I'd expect at this time of year you know it's January I think I'd expect it to be sort of a lot more snow but uh not as much I'm just about to see the runway now just through the clouds I can see the wrun way Glide path just waiting for that to come and become alive doing 140 knots which is great and I'm going to maintain 140 knots until I'm at about 3 mil or 1,000 ft on the run out before I start slowing it down because of the aircraft that is behind us and uh the FMS won't change that to a lower speed until I do select the final stage of flap so here comes the Glide path so just as it gets towards halfway between half scale deflection and intercepted then I'm going to go gear down so just about now so gear is going down to the down position there we can see it's moving one two three so three greens no Reds flaps at 50 Glide path has taken over we're going down next call is at satac a run way out ahead of us I'll just try and zoom that in there it is there just nice Gap in the clouds where the uh where the runway is so approaching satac in one mile and that is about 5 miles from the runway you can see there 3.2 and 1.8 so it's about 5 miles from the runway landing gear is down flaps are as required pressurization is pretty much coming down towards zero now windshield RPS I don't have on an autopilot air speed and Brake pressure check once more so that's looking good for the moment November 806 Pap mik wind 0606 to land Runway 08 08 806 mik okay so coming up to about 3 miles to go we've got 1300 I'm just going to go full flap now I think so speed is good as I select the flap down I get the barber pole at 95 at um at 150 and now the FMS goes towards 95 knots and the aircraft is starting to slow down and sort itself out so that it comes at 95 knots there we go coming in got 500 ft to our minimas 500 there's the 500t above the ground 95 knots everything's looking nice so we got three greens flaps are set pressurization is on zero coming out towards my minimas I'm just going to disconnect the autoart now anyway speed is good got three greens no Reds flap set utilizing the papies and the Glide path to keep me coming down and I'm going to start bleeding off the Speed back towards the green donut three greens no Reds speed's coming back towards the green donut over the threshold closing the throttle smoothly towards Idol holding it off holding it off holding it off nice and gently on the center line there we go and we're on the ground there we go on the ground the uh chart has flipped over so I can see the I'm just going to taxi up to Woodwards just turning uh left on Papa and just come around the corner and park up at Woodwards 4687 plus one proceed Runway 26 full link off the landing flaps are going to go to the up position confirm the flap lever the IPS I'd already turned off and the prob already turned off as well and external Lights I've turned off my strobe I've got my Landing light on and then brakes yep they work little of slush and snow around here on the ground at uh at Goose Bay but generally all the taxiways and everything are really uh really nice and clear is meant to be a little bit of snow overnight so it'll be interesting to see uh if I need to clean the snow off the airplane tomorrow I do have a a rubber brush and uh and a spray bottle and some TKS fluid so I can uh get rid of all of the ice that might accumulate overnight on the aircraft for 08 43 great so just been inside uh just called can pass made sure that they were happy with um with my uh arrival and uh that was the German air force aircraft that actually came in behind us so it was an a319 uh that came in behind us and uh these CSA guys from the Canadian border Force they went to see those guys so they wanted me to call C bar but yeah so the uh sf50 has been refueled and uh I'll be all set to go in the morning so just going to sort out a few bits and pieces and then head off

  Top Comments:
  1. @martinblanchette5711 [1 likes]: Hahahaa… Satisfying to see it is possible in real life. I’m using a vision jet in X-plane 11 since a couple evening after work and did the same thing (travel by north atlantic) but I started in my home town at CYZV and went for Estonia… I’ll continue tomorrow… Glad to see that video!😊
  2. @shaymelaugh239 [1 likes]: Really appreciate your content, inspired me to keep pushing doing my atpls to hopefully follow in your footsteps!
  3. @JSumma27 [1 likes]: I feel like it would be freaky all alone up there.
  4. @PingPing-lk4si: Luar biasa ❤
  5. @DanFrederiksen: Quite a trip. There is no reasonable cargo ship option to aussieland?
  6. @Felix_787: 当看到那么一长串的飞行计划的时候我震惊了，太厉害了john，希望你一路顺利！
  7. @FJuan-ml2zr: How do you pee? Those are long legs
  8. @ETTE-d4z: do you need a flying buddy ?
  9. @jack-buckhilll5428: Best approach, result in good landing...walking to the ground.
  10. @markduncan6690: Why Not Keep the Aircraft unasembled,and put it on Cargo Ship or Aircraft? Unneeded Air Miles!
  11. @RichardOutdoors: Hi. If you loaded the approach (which obviously has altitude gates), why did you have to put in an arbitrary 2000’ over the airfield to get a descent profile? Couldn’t the system work out a top of descent by virtue of the approach being programmed?
  12. @LukeSchneiderEWI: Awesome !  Just wondering …. How much do airports charge just to land there ?
  13. @mrragnarokk7415: Should of showed the take off.
  14. @savagecub: You’re heading in the wrong direction !!!
  15. @OldManPaul: Great landing mate!
  16. @acasualviewer5861: why not the other way through Alaska, Japan, etc..? Too far over the Bering straight?
  17. @MrCatpants: You seem to have the hang of this...
  18. @chasynmusic: You might be the coolest person ever
  19. @scottmoss6759: What an adventure! The only thing I envy about being wealthy is having a private jet.
  20. @Almostacommercialpilot: Looks like L4S

- Cirrus Vision Jet Flight Vlog! Family’s Thoughts After 1 Year of SF50!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Welcome back to another video. We're inside 12 Victor Juliet at Sacramento Mlullen Airfield. Heading up north today, Aurora, Oregon, 30,000 ft. About 2 hours up in the air. Got my parents with me. Let's go [Music] flying. All cleared from Mlen Aurora Airport on departure runway heading. Radar vectors red bluff and has filed. Maintain 2,00 expect flight level 30 0 in 5 minutes. Frequency 127.4. Squawking 3670 12 Victor Julia. All right every welcome aboard. Got the AC ripping. Batteries on. Gens are off with the GPU start. Dex alpha is current. on mission light on monitor itt AC's coming back just for start but it'll come back on once we get started N1's rising good that is a good start let them know we and [Applause] disconnect. All right, AC is back on. Oxygen master is good. External GPU is disconnected. Avionics initialization already did it. Caps pin is removed. Passengers. All right, we got the weather already. We got the clearance plan runway 34 or 16. The winds are pretty calm, so we'll see what the tower gives us. There's no ground control here. Um, yeah. Same briefing. You guys know where the parachute is. You know where the red button is. Um, it should be a really smooth flight today. So, all right. Seat belts. I'm good. You're good. Dad, can you hear me back there? Yep. All right. Cool. May want to put your seat a little more forward, Mom. You're Oh, okay. Way back. So, right between Yep. Perfect. Cool. Thank you. Seat belts are good. All right. Bleeds is coming to bleed. All right. Comms and navs. I'm on clearance. That's good. I'm going to go ahead and switch tower, which will be 3315. We have the weather. We have the altimter saying there's no ADIS here, just the one minute weather. Transponder is in heading initial altitude. We're going to runway heading up to 2,000. That's good. Trim is set. Flight controls are free and correct. Flaps are 50. That all is looking good. All right, stand by departure briefing. Tower Jet 12 Victor Julia over at McLaren Jet Services with the one minute weather ready to taxi. We are IFR and requesting 34 7 hotel delta taxi to parking via delta on this frequency. Delta to parking 7 hotel delta. You have a good day. You too, sir. And last call on ML tower from jet services taking a call sign. I missed it. I apologize. Yeah, no worries. 12 Victor Juliet McClone Jet Services with the 1 minute weather ready to taxi. Looks like winds are favoring 34. That works. 12 Victor Juliet. Yeah, they're a bit variable from uh 180 all the way to 340. That's no problem at all. 12 Victor Juliet runway 34 taxi Yale. Our taxi runway 34 via alpha. Thank you. 1 2 Victor Juliet and clear right forward to 06 for runway 16 tower traffic departing priority arrival northbound runway 16 cleared for the option great service jet services yeah so they have this temporary tower here and it's kind of confusing because there's no there's no ATS or weather comes is out. So they don't tell us which runway. There's no ground and you can't pick up your clearance with them. So it's kind of weird. So we're going to depart 34. We're going to level off pretty quick at 2000. Anything goes wrong initial ground roll. We're going to stop 0 to 600 ft. We're landing straight ahead. Above 600, our parachute comes live. Everything's normal. Runway heading up to 2,000. Go back through my initialization really quick. Takeoff data. We're going to go 34. Same distance required. That's all good. Also going to switch my heading to three four. All right, we are clear right forward and left. Thanks for sitting up front with me. Yeah, appreciate it. Yeah, haven't flown in this thing in a while. Same. Steve, will you take a picture of this big ass plane right there? Yeah. Victor Julie, hold short runway 342 Victor Juliet. 74. Yeah. All right. Departure briefing is complete. Landing light will come on. Probe. Heat switch will come on. Engine IPS not needed. Wing stabs are off. Trim is set. Flaps are 50. We're waiting for this emergency backcast message to go away. We're just charging its battery since it hasn't started in a while. I can charge it quicker by giving it some juice. Not good for planes to sit, right? Yeah. They're made to fly, right? Exactly. All right, it went away. Just needed some juice. That's why planes are made to keep flying. The battery's like, "What?" Parking brake is off. On? Yep. Parking brake's on right now because we don't want to just go onto the runway. Vision one 12 Victor Juliet tower after departure. Fly runway heading. Maintain 2000. Runway 34. Wind calm. Cleared for takeoff. All right. On departure, fly runway heading. Maintain 2000. Runway 3 4. We are clear for takeoff. One two Victor Juliet. One two Victor Juliet tower. Read back. Correct. All right. Clear left forward and right. Everything's on before takeoff checks are complete. Y ready to go. Star 8 06 make right close traffic. Traffic departing opposite direction prior to arrival runway 16 is a vision jet straight out. Roger making right close traffic and we're looking for traffic departing opposite. It's that guy right there. So he's making his right downwind and he's going to be going like pars 06. Roger. Maintain visual separate. All right, that's runway 34. Power is set. Speed is alive. There's rotation. Positive routine jet 12 Victor Juliet. Contact NorCal 1274. Good flight over departure. Great day. One 12 Victor Juliet. Flaps are coming up. Power is coming back. Got the guy off to our left. I see him. We're going to switch to departure header. All right, landing gears up. Flops are up. Air speed's climbing well. MCT is established. Departure low. Vision jet one 12 Victor Juliet 600 climbing 2000 runway heading off McLet 12 Victor Juliet North approach climb maintain 9,000. I climb maintain 9,000. Ident 12 Victor Juliet 96 clear. Contact approach 123.7. Foothill 123.7 93 Bravo. Uh, traffic no factor. Traffic no factor 93 bravo. Hey 3589 out of 2400 for 9,000 ft. That was 3589 north departure. I don't know who maintain 4,000. Stop at 4,000 southwest. 93 bravo. Just maintain a 5,000 cabin. Leave it till 10,000. We'll check back in. 9,000 is set. Number two, Victor Juliet, your radar contact four north of Mlan Airport. Position check then. Hello, this is someone who said one Victor Julia. Sorry, we didn't hear. All right, auto throttle. taking off still right at 5,000. All righty, we got traffic off to our right and kind of off to our left. You're going to continue. We're going run heading kind of between both. Um, we're about to make a 180 and then we'll start heading back to Mclen. Okay. 93 Bravo. Traffic's 9:00 5 miles left to right. Stopping at 4,000 4 southwest 737 Victor Juliet 4000 red out of 4000 clear direct red one two Victor Juliet all right passing through 4000 Victor Juliet contact approach 125 254 great day one Victor Juliet see all right nav mode red blood we are clear left departure low vision jet one two Victor Julia 4.3 900 direct I think 8 so far for sure it is warm what lakes are those blaze all right straight down I actually don't climain flight level one niner 012 Victor Juliet 488 is roll out cabin pressure looking good we'll check back in on shortly. Guess who we got? Um, I'm not sure which one that is though. As you guys know, I'm a water skier. So, whenever we're flying, we kind of are like, "Oh, what lake is that?" Lot of lakes around here. So, Blaze, I remember about four or five years ago, we're up on a hot day like this and we were getting rocked. All right, maintain one 10,000 12 Victor Juliet 482 on a hot day about four or five years ago. We got rocked and I was like, whoa. Yeah. So, I did my discovery flight out of Auburn Mach 5 aviation and a Cessna 172 and my mom was with me for my discovery flight and we just got bounced around like it was it was kind of wild. Super fun. Good experience, but one of those flights you're like 0 3500 already nav mode up to 10 manual flight level change everything's looking good we're just going over be air force base right now home of the U2 spy aircraft so much history up here in Norcow with um aviation and our country's history it's pretty cool how had such a big impact on it all still a temporary flight restriction So it's a air force base and active one. So it's pretty cool to have it so close to home. Turkey Victor Julia that twin Sesna is going to be making a right turn pass down. There'll be no factor. Clear direct rep. All right, we're still looking and clear direct now. One Victor Julia. Thank you. I can see him off to the left. You see him? Yeah, I had him then I lost him. Just right above that mountain range. She's so great. Gorgeous day to go flying. It's about to be Mama's Day. So, shout out to all the awesome moms out there. We are heading up to Oregon to pick up my grandpa and bring it back to Sacramento. It's been such great weather here in Sacramento. So, we're like, you know what? You should you should come down and spend some time with us. So, that's what we're doing today. Blessed to use this time machine to connect Julia, contact open center 132.2. Have a great wonderful day. I have a question. 132.2 as well. Thank you. 12 Victor Juliet. No. 465 32.2 Victor Julia 13.3 climbing flight level one niner 0. We're direct center. Come and maintain flight level 230. All right. Climbing same flight level 2 three 0. 1 2 Victor Juliet. What was your question? Um 23. As a passenger, should I also be looking for traffic? What's my obligation? Yeah. So, I think passengers can totally help. Like even if you're not licensed, you can be looking for birds, other traffic, if I need something in the cockpit. So many times where I'm like, "Yo, Dad, help me grab something." So, for all the pilots out there that think they can do it all, you don't have to. Use your family and friends and makes your job a lot easier. So, all right, 23 set. We're climbing. It's been just over a year of one two Victor Juliet. What do you think about the vision? We've had the same conversation about the SR piston and how amazing it is. And now that it's sold, we still think the world of it, but what do you think about the Vision after a whole year? Uh, it's amazing. I absolutely love it. It's so comfortable and the cabin is so ruby. Um, it is kind of exciting though that they're putting in that autoland in the G7 now. Yeah, G7 Plus. They just released it this week actually. So, the first ever single engine, oh, first ever piston aircraft to have a button or the whole plane lands itself. So, in case I were to just kick the bucket right now, my family can't fly, they can press a button, plane lands. So, it's one of those amazing safety features that is worth every penny. So, shout out to Cirrus. We love the brand. We love flying it. And, uh, Oakland Center, good afternoon, Columbia. Yeah, we'll see how long we keep the vision. I hope a long time because I absolutely love flying this thing. Columbia Center. Hello. K alimter 2 niner niner niner. All right, ice protection. We're going to use the engine IPS once we're a little higher, but not yet. Standby alimter transition. Had so many awesome people reach out asking for advice with flying or Cirrus or just saying what up. So really really appreciate it. Means a lot to me. And uh contact Oakland Center 134.97. Good day. Great day. One two Victor Juliet Oakland Vision Jet 1 Victor Juliet 17.7 climbing 2 three Z 12 Victor Juliet Oakland climb maintain level 30 0 climbing flight level 30 0 for vision jet 12 Victor talk to me about your pickle ball. Let's talk about the metal around your neck real quick. You're still wearing it champ. I'm so proud of myself. 4. Oh, yeah. Pickle ball. Lifetime classic Roseville. You won. Well, you guys are on the pickle ball trend. Yeah. Uh my mother is as well. And she will she goes to a very dark place in pickle ball and will destroy you and talk trash until you want to forfeit. So, a lot of bad words. It's pretty sad, actually. No, it's great. You're competitive. So, all right, everyone. It's kind of a slow climb up to 30,000. So, we're going to go ahead and shut off the cameras and uh we'll catch you in when we are almost at 30,000. So, yeah. Thanks for watching. Byebye. My leg is cramping. Do you want a banana? Your leg is cramping. This is a total pickle ball athlete moment. I love it. Am I okay? I think I hope so. Bye. Welcome to 30,000 ft. All right, cruise checks. Thrust lever is good. Back in FMS mode on the throttle stabs are off. Engine is on. All right, we're going to drop the cameras. We'll catch you in the descent into Aurora. Thank you for watching. maintain000 maintain 4000 right turn 0 delta kind of magguire approach 126.470 47 center hello vision jet one two Victor Juliet 21.5 pile discretion 1 6000 12 Victor Juliet Seattle center roger clear direct Aurora state make your request for W with the Portland approach and descain one 0 3 07 30 07 center maintain one 10,000 clear direct Aurora airport 12 Victor Julia Dela 3364 contact 35 Descent coming. We're descending. We are descending. Yeah. Welcome back everyone. On our way down to Aurora, go ahead. Pick up the activity over13. Wind sky clear below 12,000. Temperature 24. 2.4 altimeter 3007 visual approach runway 17 in use. Complete engine runup on the ramp activity over Milo and Malala. Adise on initial contact. You have delta. All right, we do have delta. Winds are calm. 10 miles clear. 30 0 7. I got it set on the standby. Altimeter scent checks. Thrust levers good. Landing field elevation 200 is set. Ice protection. I'm going to go ahead and turn off engine IPS 7000 maintain 7,000 12 Victor Juliet. All righty. 7,000 is set. Ice protection is good. Standby. Altimeter transition. We have the visual runway 17 loaded into Aurora. And we'll expect left turn to Atlantic when we land. So, always beautiful come back to Oregon. I was born and raised in Oregon. We all moved from Corvalis to Sacramento back in 2012. It's flown by. So, always special to be flying back here. Actually got Corvalis off to our left right now. 711 contact. All right. Going through altimeter transition. Altimeter is set. Seat belts. I'm good. You're good. Dad, you got your belts on back there? Yep. I'm going to have to grab your Stanley contact. Seat belts are good. Brake pressure. I have brake pressure approach briefing. See what tower wants us to do. Probably midfield left downwind. Uh runway 11 bring us in on. Is there a tower there? There is a tower open until I think 800 PM. So for our return that they probably will be closed. Go back to Sacramento tonight. Seattle Center Alaska 1295000. Alaska 1295. Sat Sabrina Lake. That's where I learned to water ski. I don't see it, but I believe you. It's right off I5. All right, bridge briefings complete. All seats are upright. Ice protection's good. Lights are all on. Stand by flaps. Last time I flew to Portland, it was I've reported severe turbulence three times in my life. One of the times was there. Wow. But so good to be back. Good weather, calm winds. Makes you appreciate days like this. Just turned 6 p.m. So I'm going to check the ADIS one more time. State tower information echo 3 wind 24 at four visibility 1 s picking up the can you say that again please? One two Victor Julia 2 Victor Julia descent maintain 6,000 center maintain 6,000 12 Victor Julia tower information echo 00530 wind 240 at 4 visibility 1 0 sky clear below 1200 temperature 23 2.4 altimeter 30 06 visual approach runway 17 in use. All right, it's the same basically just little more wind and runway 17 is still in use. Two Victor Julia contact 18.1 181. Good day. One two Victor Juliet approach low vision jet one Victor Juliet 10.4 for descending 6,000. Information echo 12 Victor Jul 7 descend maintain 5,000. Send maintain 5,000. We'll expect visual runway 172 Victor Julia. Southwest 39 40. Turn left mini. Left turn direct to Mini. Southwest 3940. Right field is in sight. We'll let them know that as we get a little closer. North two Victor Julia flashing 3 five Z to send to maintain 4,000. All right, right turn heading 3 Z to maintain 4,000. One two Victor Julia. All right, clear right. Procedure activate vectors to final now that we're on a vector. 728 turn left Chisum. Left turn 728. Traffic pattern will be right around ft. Take care. Most likely making left traffic runway 17. We'll see what the the tower wants us to do. Number two, Victor Juliet. We're stay at 11:00 14 miles. Field sight 12 Victor Juliet. Two Victor Juliet cleared visual approach runway 7. Clear for the visual runway 17. One two Victor Juliet. All righty. Clear for the visual 17. Bring my altitude left 031. That guy was sleeping. Just like bomb Victor Julw Victor Julia tower. Good evening. Vision jet one two Victor Juliet inbound visual runway 7. Vision jet one two Victor Juliet Aurora tower make left traffic runway 17. Make left traffic runway 712 Victor Juliet Victor. Correction. Vision jet 2 Victor Juliet. Uh for planning purposes say parking. Atlantic one two Victor Juliet. Vision jet two Victor Juliet. Roger. Runway 7 clear to land. Runway 17 clear to land. One two Victor Juliet. Now we're going to be uh facing the south when we land. Oh, kind of like we always do. Yeah, kind of the usual. I like that pattern. Yeah. One of my favorite airports. Just kind of usually slower. Nice FBO. Love flying into big airports, but you feel even more like important at these ones, I guess you could say. Yeah, the approach is cool, too. You fly over the Lambert River and so pretty. Yeah. Good morning. Wow. Wow. Wow. Cirrus effect. There's a little private runway down there back there. All right. Speed check. First notch of flaps are coming in. Air so smooth. I want to fly this thing. Autopilot is away. All right, coming through traffic pattern altitude. That is looking good. Speed check. Gears coming down. It's always good to leave your hand right here. Verify that it comes down. We're looking for three green overhead. I see it. Landing gear is good. One more notch of flap scope. Ca pressure is doing its thing. Windshield FPS is off. We are clear to land. Two, Victor Juliet. Long landing is approved. Long landing approved. One, two, Victor Juliet. I'm in a jet, so I'm not going to do that. I just try to keep every landing as stable as possible. Speed check. Flaps are coming full. All right, for landing three green, no red flaps are full. Lights are on. We are clear to land. That's runway 17. Y dam to go. Red is clear. Final's clear. 500 500 call out with the regrain. Yeah. Damn. Landing checks are complete. I'd say that's half Greece, not full Greece, but I'll take it. Very nice. What a beautiful tower. Such a good airport. All right, we'll be light on the brakes. We just got new ones. So, we don't want to burn through them. We'll go Alpha 4 here. Great job, please. Ladies and gentle cross tax alpha to Atlantic monitor ground. Left turn alpha 4 cross um alpha over to Atlantic monitor ground. Good night. One two Victor Julia. You too. Activity over Milino and Malala. Adise on. We are monitoring ground. Wow. They're building a new right forward and left. Flops are up. Landing lights off. Probes off. Oxygen's off. All right, everyone. Well, welcome to Aurora. Thank you so much for watching. We'll see you on the next video. Have a good one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hamzaaljared7533 [6 likes]: Your parents should and i guess are so proud of you especially your mother sitting next to you that was so cute ngl ❤🤍
  2. @tomnorman2668 [4 likes]: Smooth air and all blessings to you and your family!
  3. @mikeforslund7375 [3 likes]: Hey Parents...All I can say is you done real good.   Nice work. You got a heck of a young man there
  4. @garystafford6570 [2 likes]: I was stationed at Beale AFB from 1974 to 1977 when the SR-71 was still flying.  I was assistant crew chief on a KC-135Q and we refueled the SR.  I am impressed with your professionalism and consistancy in proceedure and checklists.  You are a very impressive pilot for such a young age.  Thanks for sharing.
  5. @charleshcross [1 likes]: Blaze, amazing .. it is cool watch you fly and I'm also impressed at your skill flying .. keep up the good work and enjoy your time in the sky ..
  6. @richnunes5683 [1 likes]: I see you on Gulfsteram G650ER. I have been a FA on on for many years.Amazing time and experience with you Mother.
  7. @NicholasRodriguez-r9j [1 likes]: Very cool great job 👍👍👍❤❤❤🇺🇸🇬🇧😎🇪🇦🤠👍
  8. @Snaerffer [1 likes]: Greetings from Australia. Enjoying your adventures and wishing I could take a trip with you … such a nice guy and very professional too.
  9. @Trickyricky5150 [1 likes]: I’m curious?? How do you pay for this when the average person right now can’t afford groceries
  10. @stevennatera: How did you afford this jet? Can you do a video breakdown?
  11. @tonii_i16: If I would get a pilot license. My parents would never fly with me
  12. @PrismFilmsUS: Must be nice to have rich ass parents.
  13. @Somosonrisas: Hi Blaze, I'm a private pilot and a dentist. Something in me still has the itch to stay in aviation, but I love dentistry. I love your videos; I love the discipline and organization you demonstrate. Even though I'm not flying the Cirrus on every trip, I enjoy each one immensely. Thanks for the videos and your passion. Greetings from Mexico.
  14. @RGW-W7: You should let your mom hand fly the jet. That’s always a thrill
  15. @dogmannz: When the panic button is pressed to have the plane land its self, how does ATC know what's going on?  Does the transponder change to some emergency code?  How does the aircraft choose where to land?
  16. @AbdihakimMohamed-t7d: Blaze. Thank for video- they show alot about the jet. Just to ask If am to curry 4-5 adult excluding the pilot. How much fuel can carry or range I can get with carrying that much people. Thank you
  17. @mazunalshamlani-fs8qr: Blaze, when are you flying to Sweden?
  18. @kennyslaughenhaupt3839: It will be cool if I ordered an Uber and this thing landed on my street but it would only be about a 12 second flight so you know probably not practical
  19. @aoninvent933: We love this channel at AON Invent
  20. @boyish69: 👍👍👍👍 //Bengt in Sweden

- How To Buy an Old Private Jet - Citation 501 ISP: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up it's Tom and on this episode we're gonna be talking about the citation 501 this is your buyer's guide and don't forget to stick around to the end till I tell you why you probably shouldn't buy the citation 501. [Music] so a little bit of background the citation 501 was actually the first Small Business Jet that was single pilot certified and produced from 1977 to 1985. it's gone through a lot of iterations and modifications during that time it's actually the precursor to the citation jet or the CJ now there are over 600 501s or 500s that were built and we have about 250 over 250 currently in operation today the average airframe time is about 6 000 hours total time and the average vintage is the year 1980. some standard configurations are a five to six passenger capacity in the cabin there's usually a rear lav compartment or it could also be pushed up to the front the cabin stands about four foot three inches so it's kind of like scooting into a large SUV or a minivan and it's usually configured with the jt15d-1a engines let's talk about performance now they are certified to go above 40 000 hours for altitude but you're probably going to be spending most of your time in the low 30s it boasts a fuel capacity of 3 700 pounds and you're looking at a balanced Runway of about 3 500 to 4 000 feet for both landing and takeoff although I have heard of a citation Pilots getting in and out of shorter runways as well in terms of range you're looking at anywhere from 900 to about 11 1200 nautical miles depending on you know your fuel and your capacity you're going to be cruising at around 322 knots with about 2719 feet per minute climb rate and about 162 gallons per hour fuel burn some common updates or modifications are thrust reversers with the engines anti-skid breaks that whole package also you're going to be looking at an at the baggage compartment that can fit some additional cargo so that you don't have to put it up in the cabin with you and then of course all the modifications that came out of Uvalde Texas with Sierra Industries most notably that is the extended range fuel tanks and adding the Williams engines to the fuselage if you're looking at a citation 501 you're probably looking at some common programs that you might find out there especially for the engines if you are looking at a stallion or an eagle modification you're going to be looking at the Williams tap program that's the tap blue tab Elite program for the engines or if you're looking at regular engines you can also be looking at the Skyway mro Flex program that will extend the TBO of the engines currently on your jet the other way to go as far as engines go is to find used engines when yours come time for an overhaul all right now let's talk about why you shouldn't buy a citation 501. number one they're older so you're going to have a higher maintenance cost they're going to break a little bit more often that's just the reality of buying buying older jet although it's definitely overcomeable the second reason why you might not want to buy a 501 is because of financing see Banks don't usually loan on airplane that's older than 20 years and it's not on programs most of the time the 501s that you find are not going to be on programs and lastly performance there are certainly small business Jets out there that have faster Cruise speeds faster climb rates better fuel burn just performance wise there are definitely better Jets out there but now let me tell you why you probably should buy a citation 501 number one it's single pilot operations you don't need two pilots which means it's easier and cheaper for you to schedule operators when you're ready to go number two it's a low barrier to entry we're talking about a jet that you can buy anywhere from half a million to seven eight hundred thousand dollars so it's a low upfront investment to try out that jet life and last lastly there's lots of customization available tons of options when it comes to customization for the 501 so that you can make it your own I hope this was helpful for you again my name is Tom lelio you can find me on Instagram on tick tock on LinkedIn or shoot me a text 941-216-1246 I would love to connect with you help you find that right 501 or if the 501 if I convince you that that's not the right chat for you I would love to assist you in finding that Ryan chat don't forget to click that like button subscribe to get more videos and you tell me do you think the 501 is the right jet for you comment below I'll see you later thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoldMediaAi [3 likes]: i dont feel safe buying a jet thats less than 2M tbh
  2. @leonardocanas2416 [2 likes]: Very good video about cessna citation 501, realistic and specific in any detail about specs, perfomance etc! Congrats!!
  3. @LMays-cu2hp [2 likes]: Looking very nice..
  4. @marlonmunanga523 [1 likes]: Up to $1.2m, what would you suggest as a better alternative?
  5. @MichaelMiller-f6k [1 likes]: Interesting to see your perspective.

I spent YEARS flying these things.  They are fantastic airplanes, built to last, and there are a lot of parts out there.  

Low Utilization Maintenance program really gets your MX costs down a LOT.  Phase 1-4 every 3 years, Phase 1-5 every 6 years (I think they’ve even pushed that out to 8 now).  

Stay away from “big name” shops, they like to replace stuff that doesn’t need replacing, charge WAY more for labor, and generally take your money in the name of “safety” which isn’t really the case.  If you are part 91, engine overhaul doesn’t need to happen…..HSI and move on.  The entire history of the entire 500 series, there has been ONE catastrophic failure of the P & W JT-6 engine.  The darn thing is bulletproof and will run forever if you properly maintain it and run it right.  Pull back your ITT’s about 40 degrees in cruise…..you’ll lose 5-10 knots of speed and save $100k when your HSI comes around.  

The MX “gotchas” are few, but they do exist:  

Nitrogen blow down bottle:  $10k  
Fire bottles in then engines 
Landing gear system check (every 1000 landings, can be a six figure expense if you are in and out of short runways all the time and are banging it in and riding brakes hard.  Thrust reversers help on this a lot).  

Battery is $3800 bucks (there is a $3100 one but get the expensive one:  it’s higher amps and will start your engines cooler.  HSI time will be much less painful with that.  

Start your engines on a power cart every chance you get.  Saves your battery AND starts cooler.  Really helps your engine life.  Most decent FBO’s will throw it in for free if you buy gas.  

Insurance for me is $8200 bucks a year with $1mm liability and $500k hull.  Goes up with more hull and less experience.  (I’m an ATP with 10,000 hours of turbine and 1,200 in type).  Can get expensive with less experience, ESPECIALLY single pilot.  

No issues getting into the mid to high 30’s in the bird….itll do it all day long.  Can get your fuel burn down to 600 lbs per hour there at about 310-320 knots.  

GREAT airplane.   Cheap to operate (relatively speaking) for a jet.  Slow, but perfectly comfortable and adequate.  Yeah, you can buy a CJ or a Mustang for $2mm but you can buy a good 501SP for $500k.  $1.5mm buys a hell of a lot of gas and maintenance.
  6. @dwighttaylor5107 [1 likes]: Awesome thanks
  7. @annehechesliverdonation9624 [1 likes]: one of the biggest money pits around
  8. @lorenjackson8961 [1 likes]: Yeah...wait until you have to replace the emergency landing gear extention nitrogen bottle. They're no longer able to be static tested after 24 or 25 years I think. They are like $10,000 dollars each and they are nearly impossible to find.
  9. @jimmywang265 [1 likes]: What is your suggestion for cargo ?
not gonna use it for personally use , it's gonna be converted to cargo , how much this airplane can load a cargo ?
  10. @guillermogarzar9113 [1 likes]: Hi Tom, Can you tell us who much it cost to Convert a Citation 501 SP into a Citation 501 Eagle II? thanks
  11. @prattman1072 [1 likes]: The 500 range is actually around 650 nmi
  12. @ItsLandonR [1 likes]: Can you do a 501vs551 comparison?

- Citation ISP - Operating Costs Overview: Kind: captions Language: en leo and i'm just going to show you today i had an email from a client asking about a little more information on what to expect on a five citation one sp citation 501 over the course of their ownership well i don't have a crystal ball here are some rough numbers that i can share with you to kind of give you an idea we're gonna look at a couple different categories we've got direct cost per hour hour uh that's gonna be our fuel and our maintenance mostly our fixed costs like our salary insurance and miscellaneous overhead and giving us a couple of numbers so taking a look here uh fuel is based off of i think i think this is based off roughly 200 hours um and it's uh you know cost per gallon 6.95 that obviously could change depending where you're at burn rate of about 162 on the 501s with the jt15d-1a engines so you're looking at about a thousand eleven hundred dollars an hour based on this uh with your average cost of maintenance now this can go up and down uh that's about three hundred dollars an hour you want a budget there your miscellaneous landing fees crew expenses all that kind of stuff 600 you know this is per flight you know per hour so keep that in mind so if your landing fees are less then obviously that makes a difference so roughly they're estimating about um an hour that you're flying your 501 you fly 200 hours you know and this is what this is kind of based off of i believe uh 1906. you're coming up at 381 uh roughly for the year and i think they have that down here somewhere but yep you're looking at 381 for the year flying 200 hours at that at that rate now take a look at the fixed costs uh you got your crew salaries now um a contract pilot charge you a thousand fifteen hundred dollars for the day so depending how much you're flying you know that'll make a difference in 200 hours let's say half of that is you know it's not you know a hundred dollars you know intense for a full day if you're flying 200 hours let's just say you're flying to let's just say 150 days a year times a thousand you know it's a a buck fifty you know so that's really what you're going to estimate about 100 grand for your pilot your insurance can be anywhere from 28 000 higher or lower uh your overhead uh you know if you're gonna be doing avionics upgrades that's gonna cost you money your nav equipment your databases your training your typewriting alone is gonna cost 25 35 grand so you know let's just call that a ballpark even if you're not doing modernization let's take that i'll just call that 50 grand there insurance 30 grand 80 grand and your salaries you know 180 180 grand let's just call that here your fixed cost um so you're looking at 100 grand and then if you're doing 200 hours a year times this 1906 number 381 uh 381 plus 150 you know you're at roughly half a million 531 531 000 for the annual operation of your of your jet so i hope that information is helpful again my name is tom lalio jetlife with tom on youtube you can find me on instagram tick tock linkedin and others at tom leo and i look forward to helping you uh helping you with the acquisition of your of your next private jet have a good day

  Top Comments:
  1. @amadirhema7642 [1 likes]: can you do same for a citation iii?
  2. @torpedo650 [1 likes]: What do you do for a living?

- The Real Cost Of Owning A Cessna Citation X+: Kind: captions Language: en this is the Cessna Citation 10 plus an aircraft that became the fastest business jet in the world when it attained a maximum speed of Mach .935 during a test flight in August of 2012. when Cessna announced plans for the new citation model at the NBAA convention in Atlanta in 2010. the company put on an impressive show revealing the new plane in front of a big crowd at the Georgia Dome the flashiest news was that the new model would get up to Mach .935 reclaiming the fastest bizjet title from Gulfstream four years later nearly every one of cessna's promises came true a testament to the way things work at Cessna today we're going to tell you everything you need to know about the real cost of owning a Cessna Citation 10 plus the base purchase price is 23 million dollars before options and the charter price is estimated at six thousand to eight thousand dollars per hour naturally prices will vary depending on availability fuel prices ground fees and more there are two expense categories to consider fixed costs and variable costs fixed costs are those that you pay no matter what whether the aircraft flies or not has no effect on fixed costs these costs do not change in relation to the number of hours the aircraft flies there are five criteria that have been identified as the biggest contributors to the annual fixed cost of operation the first is crew salary in terms of fixed costs the crew salary is a significant one whether the aircraft is flying or not the crew will need to be paid their salaries this is a cost that will vary depending on the region and aircraft type for example the cost of Labor in certain parts of the world is lower than others additionally larger aircraft require more crew crew salary is estimated at two hundred and fifty thousand to three hundred thousand dollars the second is crew training this is a cost that will keep on occurring every year whether your aircraft flies or not having well-trained crew members is important it again they are integral to the safe and efficient operation of your aircraft crew training is estimated at forty thousand to fifty thousand dollars the third is Hangar when it comes to aircraft storage there are two options hanger or tie down in most cases owners are not going to let their planes sit out in the Wind and Rain therefore it is a safe assumption that most private aircraft will be stored in hangars when not in use hanger is estimated at fifty thousand to sixty five thousand dollars the fourth is Insurance in simple terms there are two types of insurance that private planes must have the first is liability insurance this provides cover against loss damage or injury to third parties such as passengers cargo and baggage the second is whole Insurance whole insurance policies are agreed on the value of the aircraft therefore in the event of a total loss insurers will pay the agreed value as opposed to the current market value these are two essential pieces of insurance for private planes however owners may also wish to consider Aviation whole War insurance and crew insurance Aviation Hull War Insurance provides cover for loss of the aircraft due to war hijack confiscation malicious damage and other similar risks this is typically chosen by owners who will be flying into hazardous destinations crew Insurance allows pilots and crew members to be provided with an enhanced employee benefit package such as including loss of license cover personal accident cover and travel insurance insurance is estimated at twenty thousand to thirty thousand dollars the fifth and final one is management an aircraft management team provides all the necessary Services required to fly the aircraft for example sourcing and managing Pilots to make sure the aircraft is air worthy are all tasks provided by your aircraft management company of course there is the option of so-called self-management where the management tasks are left with your pilot in command however this option is rarely selected therefore in the ownership cost example we assume an aircraft management company is involved management is estimated at seventy thousand to eighty five thousand dollars in total the annual cost for the Citation 10 plus is estimated at four hundred and thirty thousand to five hundred and thirty thousand dollars variable costs on the other hand are directly proportional to the number of hours the aircraft flies per year the more you fly the aircraft the more it will cost you because of this the estimated variable cost is presented as an hourly figure which is how much extra the aircraft will cost you per flight hour there are four factors that we have built into the hourly variable cost figure the first is fuel fuel costs are a significant hourly expense when operating a private plane of course the amount of fuel that the aircraft Burns per hour will vary greatly depending on its average hourly consumption of course depending on location fuel prices vary dramatically on average the Citation 10 plus earns 340 gallons or 1287 liters per hour so fuel is estimated at 1700 to 2700 the second is maintenance in order to ensure that aircraft are safe to fly they require maintenance at regular intervals these intervals are scheduled and dependent on the manufacturer guidelines maintenance is scheduled based on number of hours flown for example a certain aircraft may need an inspection every 100 hours additionally these maintenance events are in direct relation to the number of hours that the aircraft has flown therefore the more the aircraft flies the more maintenance it will require however this cost also takes into account any unexpected maintenance events for example a bird strike or blown tire will introduce an unexpected maintenance check maintenance is estimated at 580 to 720 the third is engine overhaul an engine overhaul is a more serious scheduled event that is essentially the maintenance and inspection of the engine again much like maintenance of the airframe the mourn engine is used the more wear and tear it will experience therefore the more hours flown the more often an engine overhaul will need to be performed engine overhaul is estimated at 650 to 800 the fourth and final one is fees for crew landing and handling proofies are those that you need to pay the crew during an Extended Stay additionally crew fees are highly dependent on the length of stay in the location for example grew overnight expenses such as hotels and food will cost far more in New York City than Wichita Kansas secondly when landing at an airport aircraft are charged a landing fee which is usually based on the weight of the aircraft therefore larger aircraft have greater Landing fees than smaller aircraft Landing fees will vary from airport to airport for example if you were to fly regularly out of LaGuardia Airport New York the cost of Landing fees would be greater than if you regularly flew from Wichita National Airport and finally handling fees go hand in hand with Landing fees when on the ground you will need the aircraft to be parked securely bags unloaded and various ground services fees for crew landing and handling are estimated at 300 to 400 dollars in total the hourly cost for the Citation 10 plus is estimated at 3230 to 4 620 dollars thank you for staying with us till the end here are two videos you can watch next if you enjoyed this video please make sure to leave a like And subscribe thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @r0dnee [5 likes]: This is a very reasonable plane to run and own
  2. @appomattoxross6751 [2 likes]: In summary, find another hobby.
  3. @Predikant [1 likes]: An engine overhaul costing $ 650 - 800 is an exceptionally good deal, about the same as a major service on my Kia Picanto.
  4. @av8rdav [1 likes]: None of the aircraft shown was a X+.
  5. @petertimowreef9085 [1 likes]: It burns a literal tonne of fuel per hour. I am mucking about with mushy paper straws while the ultra rich fly these around.
  6. @AldoSchmedack [1 likes]: I'll take two, one for me and family and friends and one for bodyguards. ❤
  7. @DanO530.8 [1 likes]: Very nice aircraft i could only dream to have one
  8. @LMays-cu2hp [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing this elegant and beautiful aircraft.
  9. @jwhit3849: Insurance will NOT be $20k to $30k per yr.  Most likely @$60k-$70k p/yr for $100m in coverage.
  10. @DSACHINFF: How much jet price ❤
  11. @Labroke: Just awesome!👌
  12. @Lola23339: The Citation X+ is my favorite jet of all-time!
  13. @gilguzman8359: $4,620 seems low.  Closer to $6,500.
  14. @peaceloveforever88: nice plane

- Owning a Private Jet is Actually Surprisingly AFFORDABLE in So Many Ways!: Kind: captions Language: en I know what you're thinking right now hold on that title and thumbnail must be a mistake there is no way it is cheap to own a private jet and well you guys probably recall my last video talking about ownership cost with the Jet and I was crying about how much it costs to maintain and own this Jet and uh well I left out some things that were actually really cheap about owning this plane and in the months since I've actually found this plane to be really really economical to own I know that sounds crazy but please just hear me out watch the whole video and I'll explain to you how it might be actually much much cheaper than you're thinking to own this private jet all right we're blasting off here to uh Colorado actually I got some business to take care of there and I figure why not bring the cameras and talk citation you all love this plane so here we go lock the door two greens hit it baby all right this cold startup never gets old not that it sounds any different on a cold start but still it just sounds so good oh yeah I've never been back here for the start up you can actually see the blades going there goes the fuel one of my favorite sounds ever turban engine spooling up so good all right here comes the other station 52 four right line up L right line up and wait guys two tting turn right hitting 1 Niner 0 maintain 4,000 24 right clear for takeoff all right right turn 1 Niner 0 4,000 or clear for take off for right two [Music] t left take off right right good for takeoff righted Ro 30 parture 52 tangle Li and the right turn to 190 out of 2.5 climing 4 52 tangle Lima Phoenix apprach ID 311 52 tangle cont half Southeast Bal Field Airport Alor 3 011 maintain 4,000 working on higher and on course 4,000 to position Jacks number two tangle on course heading for bug when I give that to you standby 0 1 0 two tangle Lima Roger number two tangle Lima call 7,000 7,000 Tang two tangle Lima turn left heading 0 5 Z vectors on course 0 oh they were sending us every which way there for a second guys but all over the place now we're starting to go the right direction plan's loving it two people cold weather oh yeah so finally guys the Tailwind gods are on our side with the jet I've never had a nice nice Tailwind with the jet yet but today according to the windy app and for flight we'll be uh at times getting 60 70 80 knots on the tail two tangle LMA climb and maintain 1 3,000 1 3,000 two Tang number two tangle LMA turn left heading 35 vectors for climb left 35 Tang number two Tang maintain 9000 9,000 Tang man 9,000 now guys gave us 13 then they took it right back so for like a piston plane not that big of a deal but for a jet obviously the lower you are you're just like pissing away fuel like it is just ripping through right now look at the fuel flow right now per hour that's what we have at this altitude setting we'd be out to fuel in 2 hours whereas you know it should be more like 5 hours so it just goes to show how much we're burning right now so we want to get higher as quick as possible 1 two Tang fighing 3 1 0 climb and maintain 1 3,000 310 heading and 1 3,000 310 on the heading up to 13000 two Tang Lima two Tang Lima connect departure point2 good day 192 good day two Tang Lima Center 5 two Tang Lima out of 12 climate 13 heading 310 52 tangle Lio Phoenix departure climate maintain flight level 21 0 21 0 two tangle it's the busiest I've ever seen it it's crazy what the heck that was Madness this way that way this altitude no that altitude this one contact this but like I was saying the moral of the story you want to get as high as possible as quickly as possible to save on you know jet fuel and just economy now we're going in the direction of Colorado Albuquerque Center citation 52 Tango Lima out of 17 climbing 21 heading 3602 Tang Roger we on course for you shortly clim maintain flight level 2 flight level 250 two tangle Lima thank you perfect you're getting good man that was cool never really done jet communication okay nice 25,000 we just keep going up and up let's go okay guys we're settled into 33,000 for now and check out the ground Speed come on you can do it three more give us 400 I've never seen 400 in this plane as predicted we got that little push well medium size push so we'll take it this is great oh come on come on you can do it baby you can do it one knot hey there we go 41 knots and people call this the slow come on over 400 knots all right just kidding obviously the wind's helping us out big time we'll take it so we got about an hour left oh and where are we going I just said Colorado that's right so we are going to Veil uh just to the West of Denver uh high altitude Airport m in a so definitely no place to mess around we're lucky it's good weather today we should be able to get visually super easy but uh got to have a game plan coming in here know your outs know your missed approach procedures uh cuz there's no messing around up here in the mountains dang how many times have you been to Veil you think and mainly in the go streams uh honestly in a few different airplanes a handful of times it's a good alternate for Aspen when Aspen is uh weathered in it just keeps going 408 all right so what's this whole ding ding ding ding yeah that's just the route they gave us instead of giving us a a star they just kind of are going to Route us like this uh we'll see how the oiler is we could cancel and help them so I'll take a look when we get closer well we are at our cruising altitude so let me set up this camera and pull out my phone to go over the whole list of things prices and expenses that are actually surprisingly cheap all right so let's get into this no it's not clickbait no we're not joking about this there's actually quite a few things about this jet that are just that surprisingly cheap the first one kicking it off probably biggest selling point of this plane especially when it came out was single pilot operation 501p single pilot that's why just Owens here there's no need for a co-pilot so that saves big time when you're uh running the plane you don't need to pay for a co-pilot and you've said how easy this plane is to fly right oh so simple yeah they did a great job designing it and yeah like you said it's single pilot out of the factory so a lot of the other uh 500 citation models you need to get a single pilot exemption on your certificate whereas this single pilot out the gate so super helpful so on SPS bring a premium over their 500 counterpart so so that's a really nice thing about this plane sa for that 500 or a Cessna 2 the 550 that needs a co-pilot do you know the going rate for just some right seat kid who you know is allowed to fly at right seat it's like you got to still pay him 700 bucks a day 500 at least at least seven seven to a grand so that adds up you know dang yeah for every you know trip you take having to have a cop out so that's something cool about the plane next up oh my favorite right now you know I'm all about just like getting good deals and saving money talk about cheap jet fuel lately holy smokes we are saving a ton of money off just jet fuel naturally being cheap I don't know what's going on so remember we filled up the other day $3.79 a gallon yep wow and part of that is to our good friends over at CAA you've heard us talk about that before but uh it's basically a fuel membership that gets you discounted fuel at like hundreds of airports across the country it's a no-brainer to get the $500 membership that gets you sometimes up to3 $4 off per gallon it's partially because of CA but across the country whether you have it or not gas is still much much cheaper than it was say a month or two ago so if we do the math This Plane holds 564 gallons of fuel $2 less per gallon means you're saving $1,000 every fill up if you're flying it economically it's actually not that that bad in jet fuel and it makes the difference of like an early gas hog jet less noticeable you know a lot of people don't like these planes because they burn so much fuel which is true compared to their efficient modern counterparts but if fuel is cheap it's an excuse to like not worry as much about that so that's that's something that's really handy all right so next one you got to store it somewhere right you're either parking it outside not advised for cheap or you're putting in a hanger and especially in Arizona and California it can be really spendy finding a good hanger space and Owen hooked this one up but uh we'll be parking this uh later today at its new hanger spot for uh how much a month seven 00 a month 7,000 700 two zeros $700 with a tug and access to come in and out whenever we want like that's crazy cheap normally it's not that cheap full disclosure I mean hot markets you could be paying three four 5 $6,000 I mean depending where you're at so uh we definitely got the hookup we got really lucky there this is through a connection I've known for years and years so I do him favors he does me favors we just help each other out so that's what I love about Aviation little bit of a homey hookup but a little bit of it being that the plane is pretty small like it can fit in a decently small spot it's not a massive plane yeah his cheyen probably takes up more room in the hanger than this one yeah at the end of the day like this is a very small jet so it fits in small spaces so you can get decently priced parkings show the clip of this plane parked under the global 7500 yeah yeah yeah right yeah yeah goes to show like this plane will fit under the wing of a global that we saw the other day Insurance because own is such a Godly pilot and has crazy hours and experience in so many different planes the rate is actually really cheap so this is this is going to hinge on your experience and your hours and stuff greatly but if you have good times you can get the insurance way down we got a policy quoted for as low as $10,000 for the year we didn't go with it because we wanted some tweaks on the policy so we're paying a little bit more than that but we could have activated that policy at just 10 grand it's under 1,000 bucks a month for a jet some people are paying you know 10 grand for piston playing so again it all depends your experience whatnot but like age and some other factors yeah but actually age they don't give you much trouble on you know if you were trying to get insurance on a Lamborghini no matter how much experience you had at 21 years old it'd be like a ton of money but I found that even though you're really young I was referring to older guys oh okay I thought he was saying young people I'm like I haven't found you getting rates super high because of your age but yeah older guys might might struggle with uh getting an insurance policy but yeah it's kind of flipped for cars they want drivers who are like 70 years old and not the 20-year-old kids but for planes him at I mean you're getting insurance policy 2021 years old on Legit crazy planes for cheap I I like that I mean that's how it should be it should be a bad experience not because you're you're young you're automatically a bad pilot or something that's not the case Okay this one's probably my favorite and this is going to be shocking to all of you out there so with cars one of the biggest expense is obviously registering it getting the license plates all squared away and just transferring ownership right it can be thousands and thousands of dollars for some some of our super cars actually way more than that you know a nice Lamborghini brand new you could be paying like 20 30 grand just to get the plates for the car to legally drive it so to get the plates for this citation you have to transfer the ownership with the FAA and then you have to pay the State registration fees along with some taxes to go along with the transfer of ownership so hey you guys are going to be shocked with this one let's start with the FAA registration transfer so it's actually kind of surprising airplanes don't have titles all you do is scribble on a little piece of paper saying I transfer ownership this tail number for this amount of money to this person that's it there's no title for an airplane but with that little scribbl piece of paper you send in an application to transfer it to your name and the payment guess how much the payment is guys for a jet you're probably thinking thousands of do no $5 $5 foot long to register the jet with the FAA to transfer the ownership bro that's crazy five okay but surely they surely they'll get us with the state taxes and stuff okay right ready for this Arizona when you purchase a plane private party not from a dealer they wave the 8.5% tax 0 in tax imagine we had to pay 88.5% on this amount of money tens of thousands of dollars that we don't have to pay every State's different but Arizona they wave that on private party sales great crazy okay but surely they'll get you on the registration no once again we luck out get this in Arizona they have a stipulation saying that if the aircraft is over 40 years old it's considered some classic plane you know they probably don't think it's worth very much they cap the registration cost at $25 now 2500 $25 for any airplane they don't care if it's a jet or SES 15 if it's over 40 years old you pay a flat fee of $25 this is going to piss some people off so to get this plane transferred into our name registered with the state $25 plus $5 $30 $30 and I'm pretty sure that's a one time fee FAA you don't have to do it every year that's crazy oh my gosh I talked about that on Tik Tok I think I post a video go ahead and follow the page if you want but um it had some angry people in the comments I mean rightfully so if a Honda Civic costs like 300 bucks to get plates and AET cost $25 I could see how that would anger some people but hey I didn't write the rules don't hate the player hate the game like I don't know it is what it is I just got really lucky with Arizona tax laws being very advantageous for airplanes old airplanes that is I'm sure you're wondering if it wasn't 40 years old uh the fee is I'm pretty sure like 1% or half of 1% which doesn't seem like a lot but on a jet that adds up quick it's still be thousands of dollars so but we don't have to pay that so that's pretty awesome so I got a few more things to mention but they are more visual Daily Doubles I want to show you around the cockpit so let's get on the ground I'll whip out the camera and then we'll talk about your favorite thing maintenance jet maintenance and uh last video we got buried pretty good on our first bill but but it just got out of another service and uh actually I feel very refreshed it was not bad at all so let's talk about that I don't know which I like better flying in the back here in the seat there are clients or up front with Owen both are really fun and nice but uh it's tough to beat riding in the back here I would take a nap but with these Tailwinds we're going to be landing like 30 minutes so I don't really have much time left in the flight look at the Rockies out there wow that is so pretty I've never flown into this area of Colorado wow we are in some pretty terrain plane's flying great once again doing everything we ask of it such a solid plane for the money there is so much bang for the buck with Legacy citations this is one of the most slept on airplanes for the money and they're just starting to now go up in value because people are realizing like these planes are an amazing deal okay guys in the desent now what did you just get slightly different route yeah it's actually better it cuts the corner there instead of going all the way to merer so we got Jesse then kremling oh it's getting pretty two Tang cancel I2 approve have a good day good yeah buddy all right guys we got lucky the clouds as you can see completely cleared up 's got the field in sight we're going to cut the corner save some time save some fuel and help them out a little bit bit wow this is beautiful oh my gosh Eagle Tower station 52 tangal about 15 to the Northwest out of 15,500 inbound let that go station 52 tangle Eagle Tower I enter right down 25 report Midfield right down 25 report Midfield two Tang aircraft we're five c501 Lima copy thank you awesome that shave minimum 5 minutes probably close to 10 cuz they would had to take us all the way around and sequence us on the approach wow beautiful weather so you've come you've come in here when this is all like just nothing but clouds and sketchy yeah it's not F but on a day like today I have no problem doing some uh VFR flying keeps you Sharp 52 Tang Runway 2 clear clearland 252 Tang absolutely gorgeous I yeah it's beautiful n ration 52 Tang Lio left Alpha 5 contact ground Point left Alpha 5.8 day clean up on Runway 25 Owen spilled some butter God dang that was good beautiful man welcome the veil beautiful man long Runway dang I post on my Tik Tok that there's levels to uh private jets and you're about to see that first hand with some uh some of this heavy metal some very expensive heavy metal on the parked here oh my gosh look at all the gold streams the amount of billionaires in Colorado right now 52 Tang Lima clearing Alpha 5 for the CH Center 52 Tang Lima taxi along Alpha and that Regional Jet will be out of your way in just a few moments all right Alpha behind RJ GF streams just covered in snow oh my gosh that was some efficient fast and fun flying so sweet job Owen and uh catch you guys in a bit bam and just like that guys we're safely on the ground here in Colorado what a beautiful view coming in that was just gorgeous Rocky Mountains snow capped Peaks anyway like I said there's a couple more things I have to hit on in this video and uh that starts with maintenance okay you guys remember the first video where I was talking about cost of owning a jet and I said how things can be very very expensive and I mentioned a couple small maintenance items that we had to do and how they resulted in a first service bill of $27,000 including that one stupid nitrogen bottle that was $10,000 literally the nitrogen bottle is like 2 feet long you know this big and uh it was 10 grand so that was really really frustrating you all remember that video and a couple other things were done phase 54 phase this phase that whatever nothing big all small stuff 27 Grand so luckily we found another citation shop back in Arizona that's on the field and the guy's really good with citations he's been working on for a long time and he said here you know let me do any maintenance on it that you need so a couple months later it was due for a few more phases inspections as well as a couple other things we wanted him to look at so he took it in and he knocked out that schedule maintenance along with the few discrepancies that we brought it in for such as we were getting a fault for the inboard Leading Edge of the wing that heated portion that's right by the fuselage that 4T section it was not heating up and then we were also having a problem with the co-pilot side gyro it was not getting gyro pressure so we figured possibly the whole assembly was bad or maybe there was a leak or clog somewhere not sure but that was another thing we wanted him to look at along with that's it basically just installing a couple other parts which I'm going to hit on in just a second here but basically the cost to troubleshoot the inboard uh Leading Edge there it' rip it all apart trace the wiring back and he found that the wiring was uh basically wasn't secured properly and there was like a short somewhere in the wire so he got that routed properly and redone and problem solved so that was 10 hours of work $150 an hour $1,500 bucks for that and then the gyro here I thought it was the whole assembly and he said no no no before we install the whole assembly let me let me Trace back the vacuum system and sure enough he found a clog in the system and he cleared it out and Gyro's working just fine now so that was also 10 hours $1,500 as well and then aside from that we needed him to install some parts now let me take you up front to the cockpit oh by the way you're probably wondering the other phase stuff there were some other phases do like Ju Just silly little things Fire EX or this you know making sure the exit door still works 3 4 hours so I assume that's going to be 6 7 800 bucks and now with all those inspections out of the way we're good for like six or seven months worth of flying with hopefully no foreseeable at least scheduled maintenance of phases that have to be done uh from here on out if it goes back to the repair shop it's for you know some some little squawk that pops up so so how about that up to six or seven months of possibly maintenance-free flying at the cost of just like $2,000 well kind of let me explain there's a reason we have no big maintenance coming up I'll hit on that in just a second but first I have to show you all those new used parts we installed yes that's right we saved a killing installing good quality used parts thanks to Bas part sales you guys have probably heard about them they're like the biggest airplane Salvage business they basically buy crashed or damaged planes or timed out planes and then they part every single part on them if that makes sense and they have a bunch of citations one of the really good things in my opinion about these Legacy citations are they made a lot of them and there's plenty that are tired now and being scrapped out and those are being used for parts to keep the flying ones still flying so I need to give a huge shout out to Bas part sales Kansas City we are so lucky that they have probably thinking back now five or six at least five or six citation 500s that are in their scrap Boney yard that we can pick off parts from so so literally every single part or piece I said that I needed they were able to fish it off one of their planes within you know just hours it was crazy they had every single thing I needed so let's go over some of those things now and tell you all the money I saved from them it's crazy so one's right above me from day one picking up this airplane we were missing this other strip on the left side see right here how it's just completely missing and it looks kind of Ratty especially up here where Like Glue residue is so this was needing to be fixed but I couldn't even find it brand new what do you know Bas Kansas City had it right on one of their planes sitting there so they pulled it off and they sold to me for $35 it's right down here I just have to install it's really easy I don't know why I haven't done that yet but right here so I'll just stick it up on actually no sticking required see this little groove right here it pinches in between right here and it sticks up there without any adhesive needed so I'll toss that on that was a great deal okay and then moving up here starting with uh right here the whiskey Compass this mount broke I'm not going to name names but somebody actually put a little Force right here and it just snapped so I was like oh shoot that's going to be a th000 bucks from cesna but uh no well yeah it probably is but from Bas part sales only $100 so that was sweet also over here common citation issue this fuse panel right here it's made of some material that as it gets hot and ages it'll start to warp and bend and that's actually a really big problem because ours was getting so bad it was starting to pull up and it was nearly causing these fuses to be pulled out and if it got to that point you wouldn't be able to push them back in so that's a big safety concern so we were starting to freak out like oh shoot where do we get this thing cuz knew it was about 4,000 bucks for this little panel $4,000 of course it's like back and has some power going to it and stuff but still I wasn't about to pay that so I called him up I said hey I need this and I specifically wanted one with like no you know skid brakes the same options as our plane and this is identical off the same plane with the same options for $600 so that's a huge savings right there also this uh yeah yeah this panel right here so similar deal not that it was starting to warp but the back lighting wouldn't work and sure I could have had them try to solve the back lighting issue but it was probably cheaper just to swap on a new used used panel so once again they came in clutch and I got this for $400 so sure enough they swapped it on and now we're good to go problem solved what else what else what else um I did end up buying this whole assembly in case it was the gyro in the back so I didn't end up needing it so I'll return that to them also Bas has a bunch of other parts that I'm really tempted to buy for this plane for instance they have a full interior that's in really good shape off one of their citations that would just plug and play bolt right in and it's like a modern you know kind of t leather so I'm tempted to go full-blown interior overhaul it would save us a ton of money right a normal interior upgrade would be like 50 Grand or more but they would probably sell me that interior for way less than that so we'll see we're probably going to buy some more parts from them but right out the gate they've already saved us like 6 7,000 bucks at least so if you own an airplane be sure to check out Bas see if they have any use parts that you could use you'll save a ton of money and they have guarantees and they have return policies so you know you're getting good quality parts real life there's no telling you're the right girl so I can only say that it feels right it feels right it I it feels right

  Top Comments:
  1. @JRAviation [52 likes]: Soooo were some of these items cheaper than you were thinking? I didn't even mention the tax benefits (massive accelerated depreciation write-off) one can get when using it for business. That can save tens of thousands... I probably missed some other things too. It's been really fun owning this jet. Do you want to see more jet videos?
  2. @Loveservedhot: I just realized this moment I need a private jet. Driving cars or flying in a regular standard plane is painful for my body and is very tiring. I might just be leveling up 🙏
  3. @globalinsanity2652: Your last video I watched said owning private jet was absurd...which is it?
Or am I watching your videos out of order?
  4. @gavinclaassen6440: No matter how much he likes to BS himself of " how economical" his jet is, its exhorbitantly expensive, even for Bankers, Mafia bosses, oligarchy and way out of reach of ordinary people .
  5. @Ciencia_con_Pablo: The Citation is my favorite airplane
  6. @zachg9065: I have walked the BAS sales yard and they have a lot of planes
  7. @StevenRombach: So the best thing you can do is to have a second pilot which if you are and owner you should learn to fly and get a license to fly and in time to fly your plane and have someone with you that can also fly the planes with you so if something happens they can help out
  8. @mikimikemike1: great video
  9. @lenb3661: I guess if you have security/personal protection concerns and/or your actual physical presence is that valuable from a time perspective, and you are loaded with "I don't need to ask how much" money private jets make some sense. But also, Part 91 operation, General Aviation, even upscale private jets, is nowhere near as safe as Part 135 Charter/Air Taxi, which is no where near as safe as Part 121 Scheduled Air Carriers. GA fatality rates per passenger mile are 100s of times that of commercial airlines.
  10. @Pokagon: I would love to see you buy a Beachcraft King AIr 350. That would be awesome.
  11. @MitchellKaplan: It’s all fun till you get the 300,00 bill
  12. @Simonyt-j7n: No it isn’t. Ni it isn’t at all. Fail. The only good thing about this video is that you didn’t play any rap.
  13. @fjhvex: What about the pilot salary?
  14. @wlbrobinson: Small Jets are the perfect blend of GA and Jets, almost as fast as commercial, can use most any airport which is just a huge time saver even my Piper would take a long 2 day trip down to a normal business day by landing a few minutes from my work. No security wait, etc..., The automotive companies used to fly big props and small jets like a bus route from plant to plant where you could hop on in the morning and catch the afternoon flight back to these small municipal airports.
  15. @QSuperstar888: Fuel obv inexpensive because of Trump election.
  16. @Giambis: There’s nothing affordable about owning a jet. Annuals for something like this is probably $15k or higher even when nothing is found wrong. GTFOH
  17. @jamesbarrick3403: BS flight hours on pistons are counted in $100 to $300 per hour.  Jets are counted $2000 to $10000 per hour.  STFU
  18. @Nocollegerequired: Great landing 👌 👍 👍
  19. @yamkaw346: Surely you have learned to fly this thing yourself by now
  20. @KlaudiaMagdon: Since when is the transfer of car ownership so expensive, first time I hear such bs

- Cessna Citation Models Explained - Best Jets Under $2m: Kind: captions Language: en so this week I got a phone call from about five new brand new jet buyers that were interested in a citation and it was really funny because as we started talking we found out the citation actually wasn't the right jet for them hey guys what's up my name is Tom and on this channel I pull back the curtain on private Aviation to help you buy or sell your private jet so that you can live that jet life to the fullest today I'm going to be talking about what you need to know the right citation so you're super excited to buy a brand new jet you hop on controller and as you're scrolling through you see a ton of these Cessna citations as you click the button to go ahead and filter down you see some of them are ranging from one hundred thousand dollars all the way up to over two million dollars but there's doesn't seem to be a big difference between them so what is the difference between all these citations in this video I'm going to help you choose the right one for you foreign let's talk about citation numbering first and foremost each model can go by either the actual model number that you'll find on the FAA website or it can go by what it's known as on the market for example a citation 500 that's technically a citation one a citation 501 is a citation 1sp a citation 550 is a citation too a citation S550 is a citation S2 a citation 3 is a citation 650 a citation 5 is a citation 560. now now that you know you can call a 501 a 1sp and we're talking about the same thing let's talk about some of the upgraded models so a citation 2 got updated into a citation Bravo so the Bravo is very similar to the two it just has updated engines and avionics let's talk about citation fives they were updated to the citation Ultras and the citation encores again upgrading the engine upgrading the avionics they saw that the five was a fantastic aircraft so they just decided to update it into new variations let's talk about the citation for there is no Citation for sorry comes to the size of the aircraft it gets even more confusing the citation 1 1sp 2 S2 Bravo 5 Ultra Encore all pretty much have the same cabin size as far as width and height goes when it comes to length and how long the tube is that is how many seats you can get in there the citation 1 and 1sp have enough room for five seats as I said before while the two s25 Encore Ultras Bravos they have enough seats for up to eight people it's roughly the same length when it comes to seating capacity now if you're looking for something that you could almost stand up in now you're looking at a citation three that has a larger cabin I'm about five foot four and I can just about stand up in a citation three now the three the six and the Seven haven't all have the same cabin size as far as height and width go if you need even more room you might start to look up at the excels the sovereigns latitudes and longitudes but those are for another video so when you look at the citations here's how you want to break it down number one how many people are you going to take with you number two how far are you gonna go and number three how big do you need the cabin to be so let's think about this how many people you take in a citation 1sp is going to have five maybe six chairs in the back from there you're going to go to a citation two a citation two is going to have anywhere from seven to eight seats in the back how far are you going now this is where the models from a citation two to a Bravo to a five Ultra Encore this is where it starts to make a little bit more of a difference because the seating capacity might be the same but the range is going to change the range is going to change based on the engine right the engine's gonna give it more power it's going to give it more speed it's going to give it more range this is also going to depend on the efficiency of the aircraft as it becomes more fuel efficient you're going to get more range more bang for your buck when it comes to that so think about how many people you want to take with you what is your range if you're looking at a thousand nautical miles or less you can do a citation 501 or you can do a citation too if you need something like 12 to 600 nautical miles then you're looking into a citation five or something new or like an ultra Encore if you're looking for even more range over 2 000 miles of range then you're going to look at the larger cabin classes that is the citation three six and sevens so we've talked about how many people were taking with us we've talked about the cabin size we've talked about the range now let's talk price point so right now second quarter of 2022 a healthy budget for a citation 501 that'll take five six passengers about a thousand nautical miles you're looking at a healthy budget of at least half a million dollars up to seven eight hundred thousand dollars depending on you know what you're looking at if you're looking at a citation two that'll take up to eight passengers about 12 to 1300 nautical miles a healthy budget is going to be in the six seven eight hundred thousand dollar range citation Bravo a citation five a citation Ultra have now all shifted to above a million dollars so if you need to take eight people like 16 hundred nautical miles you need a budget of well above a million dollars at least 1.5 all the way up to 2.5 million depending on kind of what you're looking for if you're looking at a citation three six or seven a bigger cabin class you're going to want to budget anywhere from 800 000 all the way up to just about two million dollars and last but not least let's talk about vintage year manufacturer you really need to ask yourself the question am I planning on financing this if a bank needs to be involved what a bank is going to be looking for is how old is this plane and is it on engine programs keep that in consideration when you're looking at it really the only citations of this vintage that are going to be on programs are going to be the citation three sixes and seven the bigger body ones or some citation 5's most Bravos most Ultras and most encores are going to be on engine program so that's something else you want to keep in mind [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @borgognonpascal6517 [1 likes]: well great simple smart thank you   so the VII is the last generation olf the serie...
  2. @sami-khondakar [1 likes]: What do you think of Falcon 50 and 900 ???

- Cirrus Vision SF50 vs HondaJet HA-420 | FULL COMPARISON: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿Picture this: you’re soaring above the clouds&nbsp; in your very own private jet. Not just any jet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but one that combines cutting-edge technology,&nbsp; remarkable performance, and unparalleled&nbsp;&nbsp; comfort—all without a price tag that makes your&nbsp; eyes water. In today's video, we’re diving deep&nbsp;&nbsp; into a detailed comparison of two remarkable&nbsp; private jets: the Cirrus Vision SF fifty and the&nbsp;&nbsp; HondaJet HA four twenty. These jets are redefining&nbsp; what’s possible for under ten million dollars. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; buckle up and join us as we explore which of&nbsp; these two game-changing aircraft might just be&nbsp;&nbsp; your ultimate flying machine. Performance & Range &nbsp; The Cirrus Vision SF fifty, popularly&nbsp; known as the Vision Jet, is powered by&nbsp;&nbsp; a single Williams International FJ thirty&nbsp; three five A turbofan engine. This engine&nbsp;&nbsp; produces a thrust of one thousand eight hundred&nbsp; forty-six pounds, enabling the jet to reach a&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum cruise speed of three hundred eleven&nbsp; miles per hour. While it may not rival larger&nbsp;&nbsp; business jets in terms of speed, it offers&nbsp; impressive performance for a single-engine&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft designed for personal use. One of the Vision Jet’s standout features is its&nbsp;&nbsp; range. It can fly up to one thousand two hundred&nbsp; seventy-five nautical miles on a full tank,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it ideal for regional trips and short&nbsp; international journeys. This range allows for&nbsp;&nbsp; non-stop flights from New York to Miami or&nbsp; Los Angeles to Seattle. The jet can climb&nbsp;&nbsp; to an altitude of twenty-eight thousand feet&nbsp; and operates efficiently on shorter runways,&nbsp;&nbsp; requiring just two thousand thirty-six feet for&nbsp; takeoff. This capability opens up a wide array&nbsp;&nbsp; of smaller airports and private airstrips,&nbsp; offering unparalleled convenience. The HondaJet HA four twenty is a marvel of&nbsp; engineering with its distinctive over-the-wing&nbsp;&nbsp; engine mount design, housing two General Electric&nbsp; Honda HF one twenty turbofan engines. Each engine&nbsp;&nbsp; generates two thousand fifty pounds of thrust,&nbsp; propelling the HondaJet to a maximum cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; speed of four hundred twenty-two miles per&nbsp; hour, significantly outpacing the Vision Jet.&nbsp;&nbsp; This makes the HondaJet a top choice for those&nbsp; who prioritize speed in their travel plans. In terms of range, the HondaJet can cover one&nbsp; thousand four hundred thirty-seven nautical&nbsp;&nbsp; miles on a full tank, enabling longer non-stop&nbsp; flights. This range allows for journeys such as&nbsp;&nbsp; New York to Dallas or Chicago to Miami without&nbsp; the need for refueling stops. The HondaJet can&nbsp;&nbsp; soar to an altitude of forty-three thousand feet,&nbsp; ensuring smooth travel above weather disturbances&nbsp;&nbsp; and commercial air traffic. However, it does&nbsp; require a longer runway for takeoff, about three&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand nine hundred thirty-five feet, which&nbsp; may limit access to some smaller airports. Transform your space with the elegance of private&nbsp; jets. Visit our brand new online shop now to find&nbsp;&nbsp; exclusive wall art that brings the luxury of&nbsp; the skies to your home. Click the first link&nbsp;&nbsp; in the video description or the pinned comment&nbsp; to explore our collection and make your walls&nbsp;&nbsp; take flight! Cabin When you step into the cabin of the Vision Jet&nbsp; you will be amazed by its Design with comfort&nbsp;&nbsp; and flexibility. It can accommodate up to seven&nbsp; people, including the pilot, in a spacious and&nbsp;&nbsp; airy environment. The large windows provide&nbsp; ample natural light, enhancing the sense of&nbsp;&nbsp; space and offering stunning views throughout the&nbsp; journey. The seats are arranged in a versatile&nbsp;&nbsp; club configuration, allowing for easy interaction&nbsp; and conversation among passengers. Additionally, the Vision Jet comes equipped with&nbsp; a sophisticated cabin management system that lets&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers control climate settings, in-flight&nbsp; entertainment, and connectivity options. This&nbsp;&nbsp; system ensures that everyone on board can enjoy&nbsp; a comfortable and enjoyable flight experience,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it’s catching up on work, watching&nbsp; a movie, or simply relaxing. The interior design of the Vision Jet focuses&nbsp; on practicality without sacrificing luxury. The&nbsp;&nbsp; materials used are high-quality, and the overall&nbsp; layout is user-friendly, making it an excellent&nbsp;&nbsp; choice for both business and leisure travel. The HondaJet HA four twenty boasts a cabin that&nbsp;&nbsp; is both luxurious and functional, seating&nbsp; up to six passengers comfortably. One of&nbsp;&nbsp; its standout features is the fully enclosed&nbsp; lavatory at the rear of the cabin, a rarity in&nbsp;&nbsp; jets of this size. This addition significantly&nbsp; enhances passenger comfort on longer flights.&nbsp;&nbsp; The seats in the HondaJet are crafted from premium&nbsp; materials and can be configured in various layouts&nbsp;&nbsp; to suit different travel needs, including a&nbsp; club seating arrangement for business meetings&nbsp;&nbsp; or a more relaxed setup for leisure travel. The cabin is also equipped with large windows that&nbsp;&nbsp; provide ample natural light and a sophisticated&nbsp; lighting system that can be adjusted to create the&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect ambiance. Passengers can control the cabin&nbsp; environment, including temperature, lighting, and&nbsp;&nbsp; entertainment, through an intuitive touch-screen&nbsp; interface. The HondaJet’s cabin management system&nbsp;&nbsp; ensures that all passengers can enjoy a top-tier&nbsp; in-flight experience, whether they are working,&nbsp;&nbsp; relaxing, or entertaining. Don't forget to like this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to our channel, and activate the&nbsp; notifications. Don't miss any of our videos&nbsp;&nbsp; about the world of luxury. Cockpit & Avionics The Vision Jet is equipped with the advanced&nbsp; Cirrus Perspective Touch by Garmin avionics suite,&nbsp;&nbsp; designed to enhance situational awareness and&nbsp; reduce pilot workload. This suite includes two&nbsp;&nbsp; primary flight displays and a multi-function&nbsp; display, providing comprehensive flight&nbsp;&nbsp; information at a glance. The system integrates&nbsp; synthetic vision technology, offering a 3D&nbsp;&nbsp; representation of terrain, obstacles, and runway&nbsp; environments, which significantly enhances safety,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially in poor visibility conditions. One of the Vision Jet’s most notable features&nbsp;&nbsp; is the Safe Return autoland system. In the event&nbsp; of an emergency where the pilot is incapacitated,&nbsp;&nbsp; this system can automatically land the aircraft&nbsp; safely at the nearest suitable airport. This&nbsp;&nbsp; revolutionary technology provides an&nbsp; unparalleled level of safety and peace&nbsp;&nbsp; of mind for both pilots and passengers. The cockpit is designed with ergonomics in mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that all controls are within easy&nbsp; reach and that the pilot has a clear view of&nbsp;&nbsp; all necessary information. This design makes the&nbsp; Vision Jet a popular choice for owner-operators&nbsp;&nbsp; who may not have extensive flight experience. The HondaJet on the other hand features the&nbsp;&nbsp; state-of-the-art Garmin G three thousand&nbsp; avionics suite, renowned for its intuitive&nbsp;&nbsp; interface and advanced capabilities. The&nbsp; cockpit includes three large touch-screen&nbsp;&nbsp; displays that provide synthetic vision, weather&nbsp; radar, advanced navigation systems, and flight&nbsp;&nbsp; planning tools. This setup helps pilots manage&nbsp; flight operations efficiently and safely. The Garmin G three thousand suite includes a&nbsp; comprehensive flight management system that&nbsp;&nbsp; automates many routine tasks, reducing pilot&nbsp; workload and enhancing overall flight safety.&nbsp;&nbsp; The advanced avionics also include features&nbsp; like traffic collision avoidance systems and&nbsp;&nbsp; terrain awareness and warning systems, which are&nbsp; critical for ensuring safe flight operations. The HondaJet’s cockpit is designed with a&nbsp; focus on reducing complexity and improving&nbsp;&nbsp; ergonomics. The layout is clean and&nbsp; logical, allowing pilots to access all&nbsp;&nbsp; necessary controls and information quickly and&nbsp; efficiently. This design philosophy makes the&nbsp;&nbsp; HondaJet an excellent choice for both experienced&nbsp; pilots and those new to jet flying. Costs When it comes to the costs, the Vision&nbsp;&nbsp; Jet stands out for its cost-effectiveness in&nbsp; the realm of private aviation. The single-engine&nbsp;&nbsp; design contributes to lower fuel consumption,&nbsp; averaging around fifty-nine gallons per hour.&nbsp;&nbsp; This translates to a direct operating cost of&nbsp; approximately six hundred fifty dollars per hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is significantly lower than&nbsp; many other jets in its class. The acquisition cost of the Vision Jet is&nbsp; around two point eight million dollars, making&nbsp;&nbsp; it an accessible entry point for personal&nbsp; jet ownership. Maintenance and insurance&nbsp;&nbsp; costs are also relatively lower due to&nbsp; its efficient design and robust support&nbsp;&nbsp; network. The Vision Jet’s cost-effectiveness&nbsp; extends beyond just purchase and operation;&nbsp;&nbsp; its advanced safety features and ease of use&nbsp; also contribute to lower overall ownership costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it an attractive option for first-time&nbsp; jet buyers and experienced owners alike. The HondaJet, while offering superior performance&nbsp; and luxury, comes with higher operating costs. It&nbsp;&nbsp; burns around eighty gallons of fuel&nbsp; per hour, and the direct operating&nbsp;&nbsp; cost is about one thousand dollars per hour. The&nbsp; acquisition cost of the HondaJet is approximately&nbsp;&nbsp; five million dollars. However, the additional&nbsp; costs are often justified by its faster speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; longer range, and enhanced comfort features. Maintenance costs are comparable to other jets&nbsp;&nbsp; in its class, but HondaJet’s reputation for&nbsp; reliability and excellent customer service helps&nbsp;&nbsp; mitigate some long-term expenses. The HondaJet’s&nbsp; higher initial and operating costs are balanced by&nbsp;&nbsp; its superior performance, advanced technology, and&nbsp; luxurious cabin, making it a worthwhile investment&nbsp;&nbsp; for those who prioritize these attributes&nbsp; in their private jet experience. Both the Cirrus Vision SF fifty and the HondaJet&nbsp; HA four twenty are exceptional aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; each with its own set of strengths.&nbsp; The Vision Jet is perfect for those who&nbsp;&nbsp; prioritize cost-effectiveness, safety, and&nbsp; ease of use, making it an ideal choice for&nbsp;&nbsp; owner-operators and regional travel. On the other&nbsp; hand, the HondaJet offers superior performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury, and advanced technology, appealing to&nbsp; those who need speed, range, and comfort. If you made it to the end of the video, comment&nbsp; which jet do you like the most and if you enjoyed&nbsp;&nbsp; this video, click here to discover a full&nbsp; comparison of the big giants in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; of private aviation: The Gulfstream G800 vs the&nbsp; Dassault Falcon 10X. See you there in a second.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThorVeras [1 likes]: Bathroom is a must. Parachute is also as safe feature. 

One have one the other dont. They need to fill that gap.
  2. @robertmain4773: Fails to memtion the fact that Cirrus can be piloted by 1 person.
  3. @Estuy-u2h: Cirrus. Safety is a must have. 😮
  4. @AlienPsyTing1: 3:19 phew - it's got USB ports :)
  5. @speedyd8150: I don't even know why I'm watching this, I can't even afford the fuel for one of these 😂. I have to admit though, the parachute and auto land feature on the Cirrus is amazing.
  6. @lpm6114: Cirrus is by far the logical choice due to the safety features that no other jets can offer
  7. @jwhit3849: Half of these stats are inaccurate.
  8. @weylandbetha3816: I will take 1 of each, please.
  9. @chamfefe3660: Use farking km！not farking miles
  10. @chamfefe3660: No one farking understand how much is a mile!
  11. @TheRange-w1u: Apples and oranges comparison. The Vision Jet is like the KIA of super light jets. Sure it has amazing technology and the awesome parachute just in case. That said, it's a single engine jet which is not something I'd even consider flying on. The Honda has a lot more of everything and most importantly, a bathroom. That's huge. It flies much faster and much higher. It also costs about double by the time you option it up to your liking. I can't afford either one, so it's really not a factor for me. If I was in the position to be able to buy either, the Honda would be my choice out of these two hands down. I also think the Vision Jet is one of the ugliest looking aircraft ever built. If I'm flying I wanna be styling. The truth is, the PC-12 is where I'd go if I were a wealthy man.
  12. @DavidGarcia-yy8rh: Cirrus
  13. @Gless777: Both SF50 & HA420 are awesome, from practical use perspective (Safety features & fuel/maintenance cost effectiveness) will start with SF50
  14. @MarkusJausS: nice how you include the MSFS pictures in the video. As matter of fact how do you get this cool delivery in the MSFS. The only thing I can affort ;-)
  15. @Gus5515: All I know, I have honda motor on my powerwasher lawn mower, atvs, and the are all built to last forever.
  16. @yaaseengamiet6766: honda jets got vtec mode
  17. @macflod: Oh great- touchscreens for inputting are now in aircraft 😒
  18. @DavidR_192: Nasty AI voice and some inaccuracies.
  19. @enleeten: Woo AI slop
  20. @jayeshrao739: Is it fair to compare single engine with twin engine aircraft

- Hondajet vs Embraer Phenom 100ev,  Which is Better?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so you

  Top Comments:
  1. @speedomars [22 likes]: The Embraer Phenom 100ev is the better product...it cruises at 400+ knots and comes in around $2.5m for the base model...far cheaper than the HondaJet at $4.5m.  Both are over $1000/hr to run....anyone got that kind of cash to burn?
  2. @jebise1126 [18 likes]: fuel burn?
  3. @maplefreak64 [14 likes]: Honda Jet.
Silence and vibration-damping properties are another class.
When having a test ride, everyone notices.
  4. @n-bonapartisan [7 likes]: Phenom 100 price: US$ 2.85 million

Honda Jet price: US$ 5.3 million

The difference is staggering.
  5. @edhv0 [3 likes]: Ebraer looks more elegant
  6. @WillyJaheruddin [3 likes]: Can you compare with the Honda Jet Stream  Elite S built in 2021. THX
  7. @hametsylla2064 [3 likes]: Its Honda for me. This baby is pretty and feline
  8. @BillyJ10 [2 likes]: phenom 100 is long overdue for massive performance upgrades in regards to speed & range
  9. @COSMACELF1802 [2 likes]: The fact that Embraer out sells the Hondajet over 2 to 1 tells you which is the most preferred aircraft.  While the Honda has a nice wing on the back, it's missing a fart can.
  10. @shabbirchevelwalla4892 [2 likes]: went to the wire but Range ,, Honda takes it
  11. @n-bonapartisan [2 likes]: Price?
  12. @tonymontana3883 [2 likes]: VTech ✔️
  13. @kesslerheinrich5271: Honda é Honda...
  14. @mitchelllee1339: Honda
  15. @leham_gl: I think the phenom is better as the cabin is more modern also the E and the original versions of the 100 had the option for a small galley (now on the EV there is only the extra seat, its quite ugly)
  16. @alvorecerdourado6490: Parece que muitos fanboy da Honda aqui nao perceberam que o jato Phenom está em hiato nas atualizações. Por tanto a Honda aproveita nas atualizações do Hondajet lancando a versão S. Isso para Embraer nao é nada, quando a Embraer voltar os seus olhos para o Phenom nas atualizações, acabou a brincadeira para Honda.
  17. @cabecaquim: Phenom 100, may favorite
  18. @SonuKumar-fp1kd: 100
  19. @winstoncoelho4473: Phenon 👍
  20. @miran77: Honda jet is better

- Pilatus PC-24 vs HondaJet Elite II: Ultimate Light Jet Comparison!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The Pus PC 24 and the Honda Jet Elite 2. These jets are game changers in their class, but which one is the better fit for your mission? Whether you're an owner pilot, a business traveler, or just love private jets, stick around as we break down their design, performance, cabins, avionics, and costs. Let's get started. First, let's get to know these jets. The Pus PC24 built by Swiss manufacturer Polus Aircraft is marketed as the super versatile jet. Launched in 2018, it's the first business jet from a company renowned for its rugged PC12 turborop. The PC24 is designed to combine jet performance with the ability to operate on short, unpaved runways, a unique feature in this category. On the other side, we have the Honda Jet Elite 2. The latest iteration from Honda Aircraft Company, released in 2022. Known for its sleek design and innovative over-the-wing engine mount, the Honda Jet Elite 2 builds on the success of the original Honda Jet, offering improved range, efficiency, and tech. It's a favorite among owner pilots and small charter operations. Both jets target the light jet market, but their design philosophies differ. The PC24 is all about versatility and ruggedness, while the Honda Jet Elite 2 emphasizes efficiency and style. Let's dive into the details. Performance is where these jets start to show their strengths. The latest PC24 is powered by two Williams International FJ44-4A turboan engines, delivering a maximum thrust of 3,420 lb each. It boasts a top speed of 440 knots, around 506 mph at 28,000 ft and a maximum range of 2,000 nautical miles with four passengers. Its service ceiling is an impressive 45,000 ft, allowing it to cruise above most weather. What sets the PC24 apart is its ability to operate on unpaved runways like grass or gravel with a takeoff distance of just 2,930 ft at maximum takeoff weight 18,300 lb. This makes it ideal for remote destinations where other jets can't go. The Honda Jet Elite 2, powered by 2G Honda HF120 turbo fans with 2,50 lbs of thrust each, is slightly slower with a top speed of 422 knots, about 486 mph. However, it shines in range, offering up to 1547 nautical miles with four passengers, though some sources note its real world range is closer to 1,400 nautical miles with full seats. Its service ceiling is 43,000 ft. Still plenty high for smooth flights. The Honda Jet requires a longer runway with a takeoff distance of about 4,000 ft at its maximum takeoff weight of 11,100 lb. It's designed for paved runways, so it's less versatile than the PC24 in terms of airport access. In terms of raw performance, the PC24 is faster and can access more diverse runways. The Honda Jet's lighterweight and efficient engines make it a strong contender for standard operations. If you need to land on a dirt strip, the PC24 is your only choice here. Let's step inside. The Palatus PC24 is a standout in cabin size for a light jet. It offers 501 cubic feet of cabin volume with a height of 5.08 ft, width of 5.58 ft, and length of 23 ft. This spacious cabin can seat six to eight passengers in an executive layout or up to 10 in a commuter configuration. Its flat floor and large rear cargo door 51 in wide by 49 in tall make it easy to reconfigure for passengers, cargo or even medevac missions. The PC24 also includes 90 cubic feet of internal baggage space accessible in flight which is a big plus for long trips. However, frequent reconfiguration might lead to wear and tear on the interior. So, keep that in mind if luxury is your priority. The Honda Jet Elite 2, by contrast, has a smaller cabin at 324 cubic feet with a height of 4.83 ft, width of 5.0 ft, and length of 17.8 ft., it typically seats four to six passengers in a club seating arrangement with an optional side-facing seat. The cabin is sleek and modern with a focus on comfort for shorter missions. Baggage space is more limited with 66 cubic feet split between a nose and aft compartment and no in-flight access. The Honda Jet's compact cabin is cozy, which might feel cramped for taller passengers or longer flights. The PC 24 wins hands down for cabin space and versatility, especially if you need to carry more passengers or cargo. But the Honda Jet Elite 2 offers a refined, intimate cabin that's perfect for smaller groups on shorter trips. In the cockpit, the Pus PC24 features the advanced cockpit environment. Built around the Honeywell Primus Epic 2.0 avionic suite, it includes four 12-in displays, synthetic vision, auto throttle, cast 2, and LPV approach capability. The PC24 is certified for single pilot operations, making it appealing for owner pilots. The Honda Jet Elite 2 counters with a Garmin G3000 avionic suite tailored for its needs. It features three 14-in displays, touchscreen controllers, and advanced features like auto throttle, synthetic vision, and surface watch for runway safety. Like the PC24, it's single pilot certified, but its intuitive Garmin system is a favorite among pilots for ease of use. Both jets offer cuttingedge avionics, but the Honda Jet's Garmin G3000 feels more modern and userfriendly, while the PC24's Honeywell suite is robust and proven. It's a close call, but pilot preference might tip the scales here. Let's talk about money. The Pus PC24 has a base price of around $10.7 million as of 2025, though fully equipped models can reach $12 million. Operating costs vary, but estimates suggest around $2,500 per flight hour, factoring in fuel, maintenance, and crew. Its rugged design and Williams engines keep maintenance costs competitive, but its larger size means higher fuel burn. The Honda Jet Elite 2 is more affordable with a base price of about $6.95 million, though options can push it closer to $7.5 million. Operating costs are lower, around $1,800 per flight hour, thanks to its efficient HF120 engines and lighter airframe. For budget conscious buyers, the Honda Jet is the clear winner. The PC24's higher price and operating costs reflect its larger size and unique capabilities. If you're looking for value and efficiency, the Honda Jet Elite 2 is hard to beat. The PC24 has carved out a niche since its 2018 debut with over 100 units delivered by 2025. Its versatility appeals to operators needing access to remote locations from corporate travelers to medevac services. However, its higher price and newer design mean it's still building brand loyalty against established players like Cessna and Ember. The Honda Jet Elite 2 benefits from a loyal owner pilot base with over 250 Honda Jets delivered since the original model. Its reputation for reliability and low operating costs makes it a favorite for short to medium range missions. Though its smaller cabin limits its appeal for larger groups. So, which jet comes out on top? The Pus PC24 is the king of versatility with a spacious cabin, unmatched runway performance, and long range. It's perfect for those who need a do-it-all jet from remote landings to executive travel. The Honda Jet Elite 2, meanwhile, excels in efficiency, affordability, and style, making it ideal for owner pilots or smaller groups on shorter missions. If you prioritize cabin space and rugged capability, go for the PC24. If budget, efficiency, and a sleek design are your focus, the Honda Jet Elite 2 is your jet. Either way, you're getting a top tier light jet. What do you think? Would you pick the rugged PC 24 or the sleek Honda Jet Elite 2? Drop your thoughts in the comments, and don't forget to like, subscribe, and hit that bell for more aviation content. Until next time, fly safe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beachbum1523 [4 likes]: Comparing a super-light jet with the largest cabin in class with a VLJ?
What sense does that make?
  2. @geraldbaugh1523 [4 likes]: Great video both planes are great. The PC24 is my choice
  3. @keithmunnik5498 [2 likes]: Honda
  4. @VibeTribe86 [1 likes]: PILATUS PC-24 can land on unpaved land, thats a win win there.
  5. @TheRange-w1u [1 likes]: I love both of these awesome jets. I've watched so many hours of each on YT it's tough to actually pick a favorite. First, I can't afford either, so there's that. However, one big lotto win and if I was forced to choose just one, I think it would likely be the PC-24. That extra room in the cabin is pretty cool. The one appointment the Honda has that is really nice is the bathroom in the rear. One can dream.
  6. @AllGoGaming [1 likes]: HI WHATS THE RANGE OF Pilatus PC-24?
CAN I GO TO JAPAN Tokyo TO  south Korea Seoul ?
  7. @chriskelly6559: Why would anybody want to land that jet on a dirt runway?
  8. @saisnarinemukherjee4573: BS
  9. @swagger105: PC24 for me.

- Honda Jet - Cost to Own: Kind: captions Language: en so you'll want to buy a honda jet how do they come up with these names hondajet is one of four jets in the vlj category currently being produced it started production in 2015 and since then it's been the second most popular in the segment cirrus visionjet leads the segment by a country mile and the cessna citation m2 is a close third behind the old honda jet and phenom 100 is hanging on by its fingernails in fourth place honda's goal when designing this jet first and foremost was to make it look weird this was accomplished with the over-the-wing engine design performance wise this plane is fast as balls 420 knots is tremendous and makes the honda jet the fastest vlj currently in production although actual crew speeds tend to be closer to 360 which saves a ton of fuel 4 000 foot per minute climb rate is top notch and has a realistic range of about a thousand miles if you really pull the hammer back you can go up to 1400 miles when you want to buy one you can mosey on down to the honda dealership and pick one up yourself or for the same price you could buy 240 civics or just 200 accords but yeah it's very expensive according to the poh if you want to fly 420 knots you'll have to be between 30 and 35 000 feet and burn close to 1100 pounds an hour long range cruise is best done in the low 40 thousands you'll travel at about 360 knots and burn less than 600 pounds we'll average it to 800 pounds which is 120 gallons or about 600 bucks not only did honda release a sweet jet as their very first production plane they also built their own engine the ge honda hf 120 with the help from general electric still a baller move it has a 5 000 hour tbo and no hot section not cheap though when you add it all up you see the numbers are surprisingly low and here's why when folks estimate the costs of larger planes they include things which i usually don't the biggest one is crew cost sometimes two pilots plus benefits plus relocation fees you'll also see recurrency training ground handling fees subscriptions management and even catering on this channel though we just talk about buying a plane and flying it yourself so no crew fees you will need recurrency training but that's really just more time in the plane if you fly 200 hours a year probably 5 or 10 of those will be just for training ground fees vary widely depending on where you fly and are not airplane specific there are hundreds of airports around where there are no fees so if you want to fly into really popular busy airports there'll be fees for that as for catering there is a bathroom on board so you can go for the taco bell the conclusion is that as planes get larger they get more expensive but they also get more complex to own if you just want to buy a honda jet and go fly awesome providing you're qualified to do so this is basically what you're looking at just know that it only goes up from here that's honda jet thanks for watching see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @PetesGuide [2 likes]: “…so you can go for the Taco Bell.” is one of your best jokes yet! Keep it up!
  2. @trigger8152 [1 likes]: 1:27 you state that it doesn’t have a hot section, if it’s a jet engine it most certainly has a hot section. Otherwise how would it provide thrust?
  3. @tylerjustuspaige [1 likes]: Can you do the remaining VLJ 's as videos? Especially interested in the Eclipse 500
  4. @hahahano2796 [1 likes]: IIRC the engines were attached to the wings to lower cabin noise transmission.
  5. @michaelconnolly3960: Love your work man. Thank you.
  6. @TheMsdos25: Also, you forgot an additional hidden cost of ownership: Unending VTEC jokes your friends.
  7. @TheMsdos25: You should do one on the Dassault Falcon 900 next. Include words like "gamer" or "linus" in the tags for extra search engine optimization lol.
  8. @隠-hidden: If you fly 200 hours per year in this jet, you'd travel around 82,000 miles. That's enough to go around the Earth equator more than 3 times.
  9. @alibabaei1953: I decided that private jets aren't really for me
  10. @gullepomp: Max Verstappen is happy with his Honda Jet.
  11. @sknokaze: Engine above wings have few advantages like if it's on fire and you can't put it off with your fire handle, it's hard to light up your fuel tank so you won't lost controll with your aileron. Besides of that, it would be much quieter than those attached to fuselarge.

This aircraft surely is in my pocket list if I'm rich.
  12. @GeneHaas0: According to complete walkarounds channel, if you can fly this plane yourself it would still cost you 16k a month to fly it just 100hrs a year. This video is drunk.
  13. @eduakas1710: I'm gonna purchase one when I finish my 1997 honda civic lease
  14. @brokencactus9854: Tall people need not apply…
  15. @mianzahidmahmood: And Which Jet Is No3?
  16. @SauloMogi: Talk slower
  17. @leftcoaster67: If you can afford a HondaJet I hope you can afford something better than Taco Bell. :)
  18. @thall7368: What's a few millions dollars if you get the bragging rights to having the weirdest looking private jet at the hangar. :D
  19. @marcinband: phenom 300 on the way?
  20. @Björntacho224: Please do the M2