- YACHT TOUR - Galeon 680 Fly Walkthrough & Flybridge Views: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a few seasons ago i got to climb on board one of my favorite yachts at the fort lauderdale build show the galleon yacht 680 fly i took a quick tour inside and of course went up on the fly bridge to check out the view join me for a quick tour of the galleon 680 fly hope you like this video and subscribe for more from my boat life the galleon 680 fly is an awesome yacht with luxury finishes and styling made in italy if you're looking to buy be ready to drop about 2.4 million dollars but you get a lot for that money the yacht is absolutely beautiful and they pack a lot into 68 feet in the stern there's access to a nice size crew quarters that sleeps too has a washer and dryer and access to the engine room let's go inside and check it out when you step inside the sliding doors there's a huge salon and galley with a bar the power panoramic windows can open to create an indoor outdoor feeling there's plenty of seating in the salon and two captain chairs at the inside helm with a side companionway door down below forward there's a guest stateroom with twin beds a rebirth vip stateroom vip head and even a separate day head midship there's access to the massive master stateroom with a european style master head that has a toilet and bidet back up in the cockpit there's plenty of covered seating but of course you have to go up to the fly bridge for the view on the fly there's a top side helm a bar and tons of lounging and seating there's also some nice seating on the bow you could host a ton of people on this yacht i just couldn't get enough of that amazing view from the fly bridge you could see the entire show from up top and i can only imagine what it would be like out on the water hope you enjoyed this quick tour of the galleon 680 fly and be sure to like and subscribe for more of my boat life you

  Top Comments:
  1. @spexxer [1 likes]: Skip the music
  2. @MyBoatLife: If you like this one, check out my Yacht Tour of Sunseeker’s 74 Predator! 😮 https://youtu.be/LCq5BUTC76E
  3. @piotrmorawski5849: Made in Poland! :)
  4. @Think-For-Yourself-Man: Background music is in the foreground and absolutely irritating.

- Fort Lauderdale Yacht Charter - Nauti Buoyz Walkthrough Tour: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, we're going to do a tour of Naughty Buoys 60oot CRA Sundancer. One of the best day boats out there. So you can see what you're getting into and onto when you charter with Nauticle Charters. See, there's a step that gets easily right onto the boat level with the dock. Stepping into the back aft area, which there's plenty of seating for everybody all around. There's a large cooler here, so you don't need to bring your own cooler. There's two TVs out back and a surround system that you can connect your Bluetooth stereo to. As we come up to the captain's area, another bench where you can sit and look out over the ocean. Plenty of space, plenty of space, partial shade, partial sun. We got two AC units. Going downstairs in the cabin is a bright and sunny open pool. There's three AC units in here as well. The VIP birth up here, you see there's plenty of room. You can change, you can shower, rinse off if you want. There's also a shower on the back swim platform. Freshwater. And there's a bathroom up front to use. Also, you can come in this way. And there you go. Lots of couch space and also counter space. There's about 12 ft of counter space here for food. There's another third TV. You got your microwave and ice maker. 100 lb a day. We have this fully stocked for every charter as well. So, plenty of ice and plenty of space. And as we go back outside, we seem to have moved to one of our favorite anchorage spots, Lake Sylvia. There you see, is our 12T inflatable mega chill. We can go up to the bow where if you'd like jump off, you can. Bow. You can see there's plenty of room for more than 12, 13 people. And that's Naughty Buoy's tour so you can experience what you're going to do on the water when you charter with us. Any questions, give me a call.

- Fort Lauderdale Waterfront Real Estate: Prices, Neighborhoods & the Yachting Lifestyle: Kind: captions Language: en [music] The whole [music] existence of Fort Lauderdale is really iconic for its waterfront homes. So [music] we are on the boat tour right now, the Davidson Sims group boat and we are looking at homes along the waterfront. And Elaine, you're the expert up here. What is it [music] about this area? And obviously you got this wide canal. What is the neighborhood in Fort Lauderdale for waterfront homes? [music] The most premier, the most expensive, the most sought after pockets. >> The most premier neighborhood is Harbor Beach. And [music] then the second tier I would say the most iconic would be Los Isles because as you run up Losololis into the city of downtown Fort Lauderdale, the aisles on either side flanking the street are Losas Isles. So [music] they're iconic and it's just the waterways where everybody wants to be. >> Yeah. And everyone measures Fort Lorddale not by the size of your house but how many [music] feet linear feet that you have on the water. It is a boating community and the waterways are wide. You've got some really big vessels. I mean marinas here you have boats [music] that moore up up to what 250 ft. >> So at the St. Regar [music] you can actually dock a yacht up to 350 ft. >> Wow. I mean [music] that is a building turned on its side. Very impressive. >> Right now we are on the highway of waterways. This is the the [music] intra coastal waterway which is essentially the highway for all of the vessels [music] north and south. And so this is like the waterway to be on. And so the accessibility to this waterway as well as to the inlet [music] which um that is how valuations go up your proximity to the waterways and to the [music] ocean inlet. >> And our houses are very atypical. But that's not all there is. There's a whole new breed of business. You've got Pier 66. You've got the new Cinderis IMR which is right on this inter [music] coastal waterway. So you can be in a condo, step out of your condo and [music] be on your boat within couple of minutes. >> Well, if we just pan this way, you can walk to your front yard [music] and then there's your boat. And in some cases, the boat in front of or behind the house is a higher value dollar-wise. It's worth [music] more than the actual real estate is because people in Fort Lauderdale, this is a yaching community and they [music] really prize their vessels. So, what do we pay for for those who are looking at waterfront houses? Maybe they're thinking about, okay, maybe I'd like to build. Let's start with a building scenario down here in in or up here in Fort Lauderdale. [music] What do you pay for a waterfront lot? >> I would say just to really, you know, send a message out there, the valuations here are for a point, [music] which is the highest value property because it's at the end. It's the closest [music] for a vessel to get out to the waterway. Those point lots um are selling upwards of $30 plus million. [music] There was a recent sale in Harbor Beach for $37 million for a brand new construction near the point line and it's 37 million. So we're we're setting more records here as our price points go up and luxury is getting very very uh people want that [music] luxury product. >> Yeah. Seeing Fort Lorel from the water is a very different experience to seeing it from a car because the feeling the feeling that you have off the back of the house is just completely peaceful, very private, but it's a very active waterway. There are a lot of waterfront restaurants. [music] There's a lot of activities to do. And in the Miami waterways, you have certain pockets where there are restaurants, but nothing nothing comes close to the optionality that you have up here in Fort L. Well, we used to say always that Fort Lauderdale was the yaching capital of the world. And I love that you hear it so much. [music] It's it's very wrote. It's out there a lot. But really, right now, Fort [music] Lauderdale is transforming to the yaching lifestyle capital of the world. So, this is where you have [music] access to the waters, access to really high-end luxury product like the San Dier and others. and these homes of the with the new construction and developers really creating iconic oneoff like the Caesar Molina the home like we saw these architectural designs we didn't have that so much before that these architects are coming in and really lifting [music] up the the modernity of Fort Lauderdale. >> So let's give something for the buyers out there and the people watching this to grab hold of. Let's give three things, three key facts that you need to know about [music] waterfront living in Fort Lauderdale in a single family home that you may not know and you probably won't get [music] anywhere else. So, this is key information. Let's start with we're numbers. We're numbers orientated. What do you pay for land like the cheapest entry level land? What do you typically pay for for that? >> So, at Lo Solus Isles, which is highly priced, you're going to pay around $3.5 [music] million for a lot in Los Isles. And the same is coming true for a very upand cominging hot neighborhood, Coral Ridge Isles. And in those areas, you're [music] going to be paying $3 million for a good lot with 100 ft of waterfront. >> So, let's say you don't want to wait and you don't want to [music] buy land and build. Let's say you want something new. What do you pay? And let's go on the new houses. What do you pay? Dollar per square foot starting [music] and where does it go to for a new home on the water in Fort Lorelle? And maybe you're going to have some different prices [music] depending on what quadrants, but give me those prices and those numbers so those viewers can really understand. >> I I I want I really think upwards of $10 million is what you should budget [music] for to have great water frontage, 100 ft. You're going to be looking to pay $15 to $1,700 per square foot for some of these [music] homes. >> And in terms of the style of homes, what is the style that everyone's [music] chasing? What are some of the like iconic architectures? I mean, we're we're coming up to one right now, funnily enough. We're seeing more of this Miami [music] style, the Mediterranean, the Key West style. I feel like we've had that, but [music] now for the first time, we're seeing some super modern Miamiesque waterfront [music] houses. >> I like to It's the contemporary modern sort of squared off [music] style of home in Fort Lauderdale. I find people like a more coastal transitional type of style. Those homes sell very quickly. And as you know, we sold one um on [music] Fiesta Way that went for a good dollar amount and I think that that's appealing. [music] They're warmer. I think we went from cold and slightly more. >> Yeah, we went from cold and [music] stark was very appealing, but now I think buyers are looking for a little more warmth, [music] something like a a wood, natural wood elements throughout the home, something that warms it up. >> Okay. And let's give some names of streets. Let's name give us your top three favorite streets for waterfront in the whole of Fort Roddale and please tell me why. >> Oh, I would say [music] because we sold the home on Delago. The waterway is wide. It's located [music] in Harbor Beach. You've got nice water frontage 100 ft and you're located um [music] closest to the inlet. So if you're a boater or whatever, you're going to have a deep wide canal with great separation between yourself and the homes across the waterway from Coral Way and and any of these Los Solas Isles. So as we're coming along here, these are the Lo Solus Isles over here. You've [music] got Coraway, you've got Royal Palm, you've got all of these different [music] aisles that are just beautiful to lay up because it is for that waterfront lifestyle. And for whatever you see, what's on the market is not necessarily what we're going to show you. [music] We've worked tirelessly to get the best offmarket homes. So, when you come out with Elaine [music] and look at waterfront houses, she's going to show you some things you've never seen before. It's an incredible real estate that's maybe it's in the process of being built, maybe it's very early in the stages, or maybe it's being transacted now as a finished home from one person to another that's not on the MLS. We have al other beautiful neighborhoods [music] that are nonwaterfront. So that's not always appealing to everybody because living on the water, you know, if you're not a boater, maybe that's you [music] need something different. I would say Rio Vista for me is it's wonderful. It's [music] got the huge mature oak trees. It has access to the waterways and it's a a very um I would say family neighborhood. I know that [music] we say that, but it is a beautiful neighborhood where people are out walking their dogs [music] and you feel like you can get to know one another in Real Vista. And I So for that, I would say for nonwaterfront, I would tell people to look there, but those prices are going up there [music] as well. New construction there is $4 million, $3.5 million for a nonwaterfront home. >> So this is a moving market. Hopefully this video is a short intro into that waterfront awareness and knowledge that you need. For more information, give Elaine a call. Enjoy this video as we show you more incredible homes on the Fort Lauderdale waterways. >> And we're going to turn you around now so you [music] can see this incredible sunset that we're having over the water. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @markdavis6875 [1 likes]: She isn’t really correct in her choices . I live in Ft Lauderdale . Being Intracoastal front is so much better than a little canal that feeds off . They have zero view if not intracoastal or new river .
  2. @j.walker3498: "Modernity" aka a box with zero character or charm.
As soon as I see a home described as modern I keep looking elsewhere.

- Newport Yacht Rendezvous 2022: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to the 2022 newport yacht rendezvous we are so appreciative that you're all with us tonight this is our signature event our largest fundraiser and we're in our ninth year so thank you for being here our theme tonight you're gonna hear it throughout the remarks is hashtag whatever it takes so it's really about what we do for our kids each and every day we will continue to serve those that need us the most including more than a hundred youth that are homeless in newport and middletown that's why we're here i now want to welcome my friend carlo roselle carlo please carlo has been a board member since 2015. he is here tonight to introduce our honoree patty ricolta for a well-deserved honor who always does whatever it takes to put our club on the right track today because of paddy's leadership we find ourselves in a much healthier place our membership grows we are entrenched in our community and are able to serve more of newport county as my dad would say it was so much easier to give than it was to receive so i'm going to put that challenge out to all of you it's so much easier to give than it is to receive thank you so much patty congratulations phenomenal job we have a special presentation for you our kids that are part of our music program have been inspired by one of your favorite quotes it's better to give than to receive and they're here to perform a song that they wrote the lyrics and created the music for if you want to dream big and take a chance if you want to be rich show them that you can or even better to give than it is to receive at the bgc at the bgc at the bgc at the bgc the strength of our boys and girls clubs is the staff and the strength of our staff is the boys and girls club's financial strength and this is only possible through the generosity of our community but in turn our community is strengthened by the development of our youth think about where and when you were when you got your first spark i bet it was just one person one person who spent a little extra time and guided you and showed you that they cared that they wanted you to succeed to make these sparks big or small our pack does whatever it takes to make great futures isaiah is our youth of the year for newport county for 2022 and youth of the year for the state of rhode island for 2022. at times i wonder what my life would be like if i hadn't come to the club and would i have graduated with honors and would i have completed all those advanced placement courses and would i have graduated with the gpa i had graduated with and would i be going to uri i'll never know but i do know that the club did whatever it took to help me make a great future for myself and i can't wait to attend the university of rhode island in the fall we lean hard on each other and that is how successful organizations grow and prosper tonight it is our hope that we showed you how your past support has succeeded in assisting our staff in developing our youth and hope that you will continue to be part of our beautiful pack so you

- Newport Yacht Rendezvous 2023: Kind: captions Language: en it's my pleasure to welcome all of you to our 10th Annual Newport Yacht rendezvous we are now in our 67th year of service to our community and with your support we remain true to our mission we enable all youth to achieve their full potential especially those that need us most our goal is to continue to deliver top services and to serve even more kids in our community thank you for letting me be a part of your life allow me to help take you to the top because I truly believe you're going to be one of the brightest stars I give you Mr Nate powers [Applause] [Music] one more it is a real honor and privilege for me to be able to represent our Stars the boys and girls Newport County Boys and Girls Clubs on this our signature and most important fundraiser of the year but here we are celebrating another great night for the Boys and Girls Clubs so what exactly does it mean to be a star it means helping to illuminate the light in our members every single day I am humbled to work with our first class staff who Mentor lead programs and ignite that spark and our members on a daily basis when I was three years old I showed Behavioral Science and mental disability and I eventually was diagnosed with autism with this disability as a young child I wasn't able to go to fun places like the carnival or the movies because of it when it came to school it was hard for me to meet new friends and I was bullied alive which also led to challenges and focusing on my schoolwork at the age of 14 I participated in a BGC program at mice high school called The Anchor Academy program this program took freshmen from my school and taught them the core principles of what it takes to become a leader and I was able to be myself make new friends and turn autism from a curse to my greatest strength you all have something special about yourself and that's what all of these youth need to know the Youth of the Year program and the Youth of the Year award is not just an award that is to be given out it's also a message a message to tell the youth that you can change the world and you can change whatever it is that you want to achieve the Newport County Boys and Girls Clubs is a gift that keeps on giving tonight with a room full of stars we have the opportunity to build on our winning ways by providing the needed funds to keep developing Future Stars here in Newport County foreign

- Duffy Boat Adventure In Newport Beach CA: Kind: captions Language: en adam did you have fun was it good can you show mommy good welcome back to my channel if you are new here my name is audrey and i am a special needs mom to autumn who has down syndrome and autism and i'm also a fit mom so if you're into that sort of thing make sure you hit that subscribe button so today i wanted to share with you guys a family tradition we do a duffy boat ride every year after thanksgiving we haven't been able to do it for like the past two years so stay tuned for that i think the rest race duffy time let's do this i know autumn's excited gotta watch our step though coming down the ramp hold on to the ramp bottom good job got him slow down slow down slow down wait wait wait it makes me nervous i know it makes me nervous it's okay i got you [Music] it's okay it's okay i got you it's okay all right you okay joe yeah i'm fine okay i just know if i'm going for a mom that's gonna be a horrible idea yeah yeah wait wait wait adam wait wait okay here why don't you come over here yeah go next to addie what's wobbly wobbly wobbly wobbly oh so she's like i don't know about this it's a beautiful day today what do you think autumn do you like it is it pretty away from the sun this way do you like it autumn you like it yes she looks so happy that over there that reminds me of the kids when they were little i figured you guys had it under control because nobody texted me so i was like okay i'm not gonna worry about it we got cheese we got salami hummus guacamole i love it's such a beautiful day could it get more beautiful oh i love it everything that could possibly ruin this day is a lot of golden bread it's really decorated right here do you see it behind you or yeah it's like right behind you looks good look at all these fancy houses those look cool i want a floating trampoline the yellow thing mom about the house oh my gosh isn't that cool that's pretty cool were you hungry are you a hungry girl i think she also didn't want the um it's hard if you're sitting and it's like that one for her all right it's uncomfortable yeah it is uncomfortable old day 13. she's like don't put your hands in there joe it's not what you're supposed to do were you putting your hand in the water and she was getting mad joe [Laughter] you should do it again you know what it looks like it looks like my teal want a nightmare and then the one directly next to it is like super modern yeah all the details straight up it does look like country mansion except upon manchester united security yeah is joking in his hand wet she's not getting mad anymore she's like okay whatever or maybe not what's this song for maddie hey daddy howdy do you see the pelican do you see it on them do you see the birds i'm sure we got vertigo that seems crazy like what about earthquakes i guess they're secure huh but how much is it to dock it like that it must be a fortune huh see this is the cool park over here joe do you see it lighthealth park it looks really cool i want to take you guys there there's people with like a bonfire over there huh over by that building do you see it no no taylor do you like this song she's super into it look at that big smile in those big blue eyes you're daddy's mini me she is that was so cute she thinks it's funny she's gonna get something she'll laugh when you like get her going because she knows she's making you laugh we know you're here we know you solos you and your bestie adam do you know the song i don't think she knows this one i know that you know it every video she did um at her christmas program oh like a couple years ago that's funny all these elections all these joe is eating a carrot has to be documented it's like a classic you can't get rid of it it reminds me of like being young yeah our first one we saw santa i know that guy i know him that like it looks like from a department store they want the fish that's the jingle bell the other house is really cute though the bear house oh i see the bears in the window yeah i see it oh my gosh so they have like real big ones too obviously not just little ones that's kind of funny yes it is it's classic i love it it's so cool she's like not listening to the music i always get a little nervous like getting on the boat with autumn she's not the best swimmer and i'm like if she falls in i'm like oh my god but we were getting on and you guys can probably see it in the beginning of the video the dock was like really really shaky and that's why adam was like kind of crying and whining because she was so uneven on her feet and i think she was afraid we were all a little afraid and it's not usually that rocky i have no idea maybe because there was too many of us on it but we got on safe and everything was fine so we always joke that joe is autumn's little big brother because he always helps her do things but there will be moments like you guys saw in this video where she's the big sister and she was telling him what to do and she was telling him not to put his hands in the water and you guys can see that in the video without using words of course using her attitude like what are you doing you're not supposed to be doing that she does that all the time trying to tell joe like what to do andy did not go on this trip because he stayed home with his friends and they had band practice and he's a teenager now and he doesn't want to do stuff with us as much and i'm trying to give him that freedom to do that unfortunately tom couldn't go on the duffy boat either because he had to work obviously this time of year is really busy at disneyland so yeah it is what it is it really was a perfect day with perfect weather the last time we tried to go on a duffy boat i think was in and of course it was pouring rain so we were like oh such a bummer so we were so happy there was perfect weather today on the boat absolutely gorgeous the sunset was beautiful i mean it was the most perfect day we absolutely love our beautiful state of california and we really enjoy hanging out on the duffy boat in newport beach every year because it's so beautiful how can you beat it i remember when i was a kid we used to go sailing we were part of a sailing club and we always wished we lived in those rich houses all those rich people in newport beach because it's so freaking pretty but now i'm like uh i don't really care about that life i'm happy where i'm at i'm happy with my life now but you know when you're younger you like have those dreams anyway i was really really proud of autumn she did amazing today i just never know how she's gonna react sometimes we did prime her ahead of time we told her what we were gonna do she knows she's done this many times and i think she likes the motion of being on the boat she likes the water it's very calming to her so she didn't have any issues at all i don't think there was any issues for her having anxiety me on the other hand i did have a little anxiety because i get anxiety when it's like i don't know what's going to happen and so i think that it might be from having to deal with autumn so much with meltdowns and things like that because i don't know how she's going to react so it causes me a little bit of anxiety and makes me worry that it's not going to go smoothly and stuff like that so yeah it is what it is anyways thank you guys so much for watching make sure you hit that like button also subscribe hit that bell for notifications lots more videos to come so stay tuned

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenellekoh8101 [4 likes]: A few months ago, I dreamt that I met you and your family. I am blind and have been since I was eight years old. I will be 33 in January.
  2. @Kelly-sw6kr [4 likes]: Your mom is totally your twin!! 🧡 so cute
  3. @snowspacecake2738 [3 likes]: What kind job tom dose at Disneyland?
  4. @jenellekoh8101 [3 likes]: You should bring her to Knott’s Berry Farm.
  5. @mariacolon901 [2 likes]: Hello Autumn and family,🥰🤗❤
  6. @andreafraleigh3861 [2 likes]: Since Autumn calm down she had lots of fun 💖💖💖💖. Good job Autumn.
  7. @fabiodavi6645 [2 likes]: 😉☺
  8. @laraharrisdavid6435 [2 likes]: Your niece is so cute
  9. @lidiadevelagrauperacliment6409 [1 likes]: Saludos desde España!!!🇪🇸
  10. @tamibeller3903 [1 likes]: Awww she looks so happy!! Thank you for sharing your beautiful family!! 🤗
  11. @celesteroberts5794 [1 likes]: your videos was amazing keep up the good work do me well on Youtube channels see more what day doing videos  on YouTube  next Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday friday Saturday Sunday  videos from celeste Roberts
  12. @superman-eg2jp [1 likes]: Tickets For Sing 2 Now On Sale
  13. @lipl1244 [1 likes]: Awsome job Autmn!☺
  14. @Random_Baddies [1 likes]: I could tell you had anxiety. Ugh hate that. Autumn did so amazing though and it was the most beautiful evening.
  15. @maevecarey6411 [1 likes]: Your daughter is special and so not different than othet peple and so cute 😍and you have the best daughter ever
  16. @SophieBuck-f6q: ❤
  17. @arsalanabolfathi552: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤👏👏👏❤❤
  18. @zayraisabella310: I AM at My mom house in mexcali
  19. @cletagood6818: Looks like so much fun! What a wonderful tradition!❤️
  20. @devaniortman: I got seasick on the cruise ship on spring break vacation in 2018 when I didn’t eat very much

- Event Alerts and Updates Through Your Member Portal - The Miami Beach Yacht Club: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] as a member you're going to have your own portal on our website every time there's an event you will be notified by email or by text messages with reminders and pictures of the amazing events that we're going to organize so if you want to be a part of Miami Beach yach Club and part of the lucky 120 members go to nbc. Miami and book right now

- Why Are Miami Yacht Charters So Limited In Peak Season? - Everything About Miami: Kind: captions Language: en Why are Miami yacht charters so limited in peak season? Imagine cruising through Miami's sparkling waters on a luxurious yacht, feeling the warm sun and cool breeze. Now, picture trying to book that yacht during the busiest time of the year and finding it's almost impossible. That's because Miami yacht charters are limited during peak season. Miami's peak season runs from December to February when the weather is perfect. The temperatures are warm, skies are clear, and the ocean is calm. This attracts thousands of visitors escaping colder climates all eager to enjoy water activities like sailing, fishing, and relaxing on yachts. The high demand for these experiences makes it tough to find available boats. One big reason for the limited availability is the strict regulations. The United States Coast Guard limits private charter yachts to a maximum of 13 passengers plus crew. This rule applies no matter how big the yacht is. So even if you rent a large vessel, only a small group can go at once. This naturally reduces how many people can enjoy yacht charters during busy times. Safety rules also play a role. Miami's maritime laws requiring yachts to meet specific safety standards and licensing. These regulations mean only certain vessels can operate as charters. The Passenger Vessel Safety Act enforces these rules which limits the number of boats available for rent during peak season. Another factor is the need to book early. Because demand skyrockets during the winter months, many people reserve their spots months in advance. Last minute bookings are rare, especially for weekends or special events like New Year's Eve parties. If you want to go on a yacht during peak season, planning ahead is essential. Weather can sometimes cause issues, too. Even though winter weather is usually good, storms or hurricanes can happen unexpectedly. These weather events can lead to cancellations or rescheduling, reducing the number of trips that can be completed. Yacht captains prioritize safety and may postpone trips if conditions are unsafe. Operational constraints also matter. Many yachts offer different rental lengths from short 2-hour trips to fullday adventures. Some yachts are booked for parties or corporate events, which limits available slots for other customers. The busy schedule during peak season means fewer open times for everyone. Overall, the combination of high demand, strict passenger limits, safety regulations, and weather considerations makes yacht charters during peak season quite limited in Miami. If you want to enjoy a yacht during this time, it's best to plan and book well in advance. Miami's authorities aim to keep water activities safe and enjoyable for everyone. So, respecting these rules helps keep the experience fun and secure for all. [Music]

- Boat Show Survival Guide | Avoid These 9 Rookie Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en Whether you're a first-time visitor or a seasoned&nbsp; boat show veteran, the Miami International Boat&nbsp;&nbsp; Show can be overwhelming. With over a thousand&nbsp; boats spread across multiple venues and hundreds&nbsp;&nbsp; of exhibitors, countless distractions competing&nbsp; for your attention, it is easy to waste time and&nbsp;&nbsp; miss what matters most. I'm Maryline Bossar with&nbsp; Current Yachts, and today I am sharing our top&nbsp;&nbsp; strategies for getting the most out of the Miami&nbsp; show. These are the same tips that we give our&nbsp;&nbsp; clients who are serious about finding their next&nbsp; boat. Let's go. Tip number one, do your homework&nbsp;&nbsp; before you go. Here's the reality. If you show up&nbsp; unprepared, you'll spend half your day looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; gear and accessories for boats you'll never buy.&nbsp; So, before you set foot on the docks, research&nbsp;&nbsp; which manufacturers will be there and create a&nbsp; short list of specific models you want to see.&nbsp;&nbsp; Spend time online studying these boats, their&nbsp; specifications, layouts, and pricing. Know&nbsp;&nbsp; your must-sees versus your nice-to-sees. The&nbsp; Miami show is spread across multiple location,&nbsp;&nbsp; so understanding where specific boats will&nbsp; be displayed saves you hours of walking. And&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget logistics. Plan your parking&nbsp; or transportation strategy ahead of time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Miami traffic during the boat show is no&nbsp; joke. Tip number two, make appointments.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where serious buyers separate themselves&nbsp; from casual browsers. If you've identified a&nbsp;&nbsp; dealer or a specific yacht that you are interested&nbsp; in seeing, reach out before the show and schedule&nbsp;&nbsp; an appointment. This signals that you're a&nbsp; qualified buyer, and that's what you get in&nbsp;&nbsp; return. You skip the lines, you get dedicated&nbsp; time with a knowledgeable representative,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you might even hear about special show&nbsp; incentives before the show even begins. Pro tip,&nbsp;&nbsp; ask to be the first appointment of the day. Shows&nbsp; get hectic and while everyone has good intentions,&nbsp;&nbsp; appointments can run late. So being first means&nbsp; you're not the one left waiting. And here is&nbsp;&nbsp; another practical tip. Bring business cards&nbsp; with your name, email, phone, and boating area.&nbsp;&nbsp; Perhaps the boat you own already, because most&nbsp; manufacturer booths will require that information&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway. So having the card saves you time and&nbsp; prevents you from having to ride it 20 times a&nbsp;&nbsp; day. By the way, if you're looking for tickets to&nbsp; the Miami show, check out the description below.&nbsp;&nbsp; I will link to our calendar of events where you&nbsp; can make an appointment with us and request your&nbsp;&nbsp; show tickets compliments of Current Yachts. Tip&nbsp; number three, create a game plan. Before you go&nbsp;&nbsp; to the Miami show, ask yourself, are you there to&nbsp; research or to buy? If you're in research mode,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's fine. But if you're ready to make a&nbsp; decision, tell the salesperson or your broker&nbsp;&nbsp; beforehand so they can prepare offers and have&nbsp; the right people [music] available. The Miami show&nbsp;&nbsp; can have well over 100,000 visitors, so map out&nbsp; your day based on priorities, which venues need&nbsp;&nbsp; to be hit first, which boats are non negotiable.&nbsp; Because of traffic, we talked about that earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; we recommend you choose and stick to one venue&nbsp; per day. So that will limit the back and forth&nbsp;&nbsp; between, say, Miami Beach and the convention&nbsp; center. So consider timing strategically. Arrive&nbsp;&nbsp; early in the morning or later in the afternoon to&nbsp; avoid the peak times and if you're close to making&nbsp;&nbsp; a decision, plan to arrive a few days early or&nbsp; afterwards for any trial run opportunities. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is when serious deals get done. Tip number&nbsp; four, dress appropriately. You'll be on your&nbsp;&nbsp; feet all day climbing in and out of boats.&nbsp; So wear comfortable casual clothes and bring&nbsp;&nbsp; layers for changing weather conditions. Now, I&nbsp; know this is Miami, but today is the day you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; leave your high heels at home and even your lace&nbsp; up shoes because you'll be taking your shoes off&nbsp;&nbsp; constantly when boarding. So, go barefoot or&nbsp; bring spare socks and travel light cause most&nbsp;&nbsp; boats won't allow large bags or backpacks on&nbsp; board. And keep a small bag for the essentials&nbsp;&nbsp; and your valuables on your person. Don't forget&nbsp; sunscreen, sunglasses, water bottle, and rain&nbsp;&nbsp; jacket. This is Miami after all. Tip number five,&nbsp; prepare your questions. Don't be intimidated.&nbsp;&nbsp; Exhibitors are there to help and no question is&nbsp; too basic. Come prepared with specific questions&nbsp;&nbsp; like fuel efficiency, handling characteristics in&nbsp; various sea conditions, maintenance schedules and&nbsp;&nbsp; cost, warranty coverage. If you're getting close&nbsp; to a purchase, go deeper. Meet with a technical&nbsp;&nbsp; director to discuss your build specifications,&nbsp; electrical systems, electronics packages,&nbsp;&nbsp; and any custom work you're considering. And if&nbsp; you haven't already, educate yourself on the&nbsp;&nbsp; commissioning process. It matters so much. Tip&nbsp; number six, document everything. After seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 boats, they all start to blend together. Trust&nbsp; me. Bring a notepad or use your phone to record&nbsp;&nbsp; your impressions. What did you like? What concerns&nbsp; came up? What questions do you need answered? Take&nbsp;&nbsp; photos, sure, but more importantly, take notes.&nbsp; When you're back at your hotel comparing options,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be grateful for the details that you've&nbsp; captured. and we've created a very simple&nbsp;&nbsp; spreadsheet for you to list the boats you're&nbsp; interested in with columns for key features,&nbsp;&nbsp; pros and cons, and pricing. Follow the link&nbsp; below to download it for free. Tip number seven,&nbsp;&nbsp; connect with other attendees. Some of your best&nbsp; insights will come from conversations with other&nbsp;&nbsp; Boers. Riding a shuttle bus or water taxi, it is&nbsp; a great time to strike up conversations. People&nbsp;&nbsp; love talking about their experiences, which boats&nbsp; they've owned, which dealers they've worked with,&nbsp;&nbsp; and which cruising grounds they recommend. You&nbsp; never know, but valuable advice or connection&nbsp;&nbsp; might come from a casual dock conversation. And&nbsp; of course, boat show going is always more fun&nbsp;&nbsp; with a friend, so be sure to share this video&nbsp; with them. And if they're a friend, they might&nbsp;&nbsp; buy your boat show ticket this year. Tip number&nbsp; eight, don't rush your decision. This is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important tip. Decide beforehand if you're&nbsp; here to buy. If this isn't your buying trip, give&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself time to reflect after the show. There's&nbsp; no need to rush, and you definitely don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; a boat show buzz to cause a hasty decision you'll&nbsp; regret tomorrow. If you are seriously considering&nbsp;&nbsp; a specific boat, however, and just need time to&nbsp; think, ask about a hull reservation or an option&nbsp;&nbsp; period, typically 7 to 14 days. It gives you time&nbsp; and breathing room to make a thoughtful decision&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than an emotional one. And so as you have&nbsp; more time, you can research more the dealership,&nbsp;&nbsp; the brand, or the new model that you may have&nbsp; stumbled upon. Tip number nine, enjoy yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; but pace it. The Miami Show is as much a social&nbsp; event as it is a shopping experience. So take&nbsp;&nbsp; it in and enjoy yourself. But here's a fair&nbsp; warning. The show runs multiple days and there&nbsp;&nbsp; are networking events and parties and plenty of&nbsp; cocktails. If you burn out on opening night in&nbsp;&nbsp; Miami Beach, you'll miss the rest of the show. So&nbsp; pace yourself. The Miami International Boat Show&nbsp;&nbsp; is one of the world's premier yachting events,&nbsp; and with the right preparation and strategy,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be an incredibly fun and productive&nbsp; experience. Let us know in the comments what your&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite part of the Miami boat show is, and if&nbsp; we missed any important boat show survival tips,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll make sure to pin the best one. At Current&nbsp; Yachts, we guide buyers and sellers through every&nbsp;&nbsp; step of the yacht transaction process. If you're&nbsp; thinking about attending Miami or any other boat&nbsp;&nbsp; show and want expert guidance, get in touch with&nbsp; us. Visit currentyachts.com. We're here to help&nbsp;&nbsp; you navigate both the purchase process and the&nbsp; Miami boat show. We'll see you on the docks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ringele5574 [2 likes]: I'm glad I've stumbled upon this channel.   I've watched a couple of videos so far, and y'all give clear and concise information that is easy for the novice to understand. Thanks for posting.
  2. @CurrentYachts: What's your favorite part of the Miami boat show? Or what tips would you like to share?
  3. @Bayliner1988: Where are the sailboats now? And is the show back on Collins too? Wow, hard to keep up!!

- GET READY FOR THE MIAMI INTERNATIONAL BOAT SHOW: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @DOCTORFLIES: Cool 😄

- The Backstory - Aboard the Wild Goose: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody I'm Gary Sherwin and today we are going to take you to one of my favorite places in all of Newport Beach it's listed on the National Historic register of places it's also the site of some Magic Memories created by a very prominent Newport Beach Family maybe you've seen it but you haven't been in it what is it we'll take you there on the backstory [Music] it's no secret that John Wayne was clearly one of the most famous residents effort to live here in Newport Beach had a beautiful home here in Newport Harbor where he and his family spent many years making terrific memories but one of his most prized possessions is right behind me the historic wild goose and we're going to take you on board right now well here we are on the wild goose John Wayne's private yacht for 18 years right up until he passed away in 1979 he owned this boat now we're going to go into the fireplace room and boy can you feel the presence of the Duke here well here we are in the fireplace room it's actually called the main salon and it's the heart here of the wild goose but you know we wanted to find out what was it like with John Wayne on this boat what kind of history occurred here so we decided to go to the ultimate source and that is the captain of the wild goose during John Wayne's ownership Bert Mitchell Bert come on over here good to see you sir nice to meet you sir hey welcome back to the wild goose feels good I love being on here so tell us how did you meet John Wayne I understand there's a legend uh about how you first got acquainted and how you met right I came through this doorway and shook the Duke's hand I didn't call him Duke in those days it was always Mr Wayne so we BS for a few minutes and then I went to leave back up and Duke looks at my shoes and he goes and I was so shocked I brought my foot back a little so he missed my shoe but uh that was my introduction to John Wayne quite an introduction now you how long were you were with uh the Duke here 16 years Al together 16 years I was on the boat in the beginning of uh 63 October that's s and then I was with him till he died in 79 and he had the boat up until just a few months before he passed away correct now Bert you you actually got very close to the Wayne family throughout all this you were of course on this boat every time they went out and went to Catalina or Alaska or some of the other places so you're you're you were you were actually saw the wing kids grow up I was like a nanny on board as well as being the deand to start with so I was kind of running her on the kids they'd be running all over the boat there's a little carpenter shop on that side forward and I used to like little toy boats for them and I tell a story in my book about Ethan coming to me one day and I said Ethan what happened to the boat I made you last week oh it sank he said well we know the wood doesn't sink so so of course decided to make him another boat and then when Mara came along I'd make boats for her so what what did the Wild Goose mean to John Wayne I mean you obviously saw him here relaxing and playing having fun what did this what did this boat mean he just he just missed by one place getting in Annapolis he wanted to be in the Navy he may have ended up as an admiral instead of an actor so uh the first boat he bought was a 73 foot power boat it's called the norwester and he later on he decided he wanted a big a more impressive boat so when he found this for sale he bought this thing so this is actually a decommissioned World War II M sweeper is that correct correct yeah and and then it was converted into a private yacht private yacht then uh by somebody before John Wayne bought it is that correct Max Wyman was a multi-millionaire from Seattle in the Llama business and the boat was originally called la la Bevy I think French and Max changed it to Wild Goose well actually call it Wild Goose 2 and then when Duke bought it he did away with a two and just called it Wild Goose that's great that's great so tell us about this room we're in here right now what what was it used for well this used to be two rooms there was a bulkhead probably about here so that was dividing wall so this was a small Main Salon and this was the Duke's bedroom on Master State room so when we got back from Europe with Duke being so tall 6' 4 and a half he had to walk down the side decks like this his head down so he wanted a new cabin with 6'8 Headroom so with me being a carpenter we hired five other Carpenters we had six Carpenters working for six months January through to June putting all these new beams in and uh the roof has been fibered to make it completely waterproof that was my first experience with fiber lass I didn't like it was stinky and sticky but uh so so tell us now this mural this is a pretty dramatic mural I understand so John Wayne actually had that installed originally black and white pictures and they were taken from a big thick uh volume on sea battles and he lik the this one so I guess they had the pictures blowing up at the studios and then later on he had Ray Kellogg one of his buddies that was in the makeup Department I think scene shifters or whatever he came down spent a week coloring it and then we'd seal it with clear varnish so it water wouldn't affect it wow so now it it looks like one big mural but it's actually two just kind of flipped right right yeah so you cut it in half it's almost symmetrical than if if you know half of it here and same half over there right that's correct yeah it's beautiful so now I understand this table is pretty historic too now it looks like a ordinary wooden table dining room table but it probably was a poker table wasn't it well that's what most people think that he was a poker player I never saw him play poker once in 16 years it was always uh Bridge mostly bridge and they'd always invite one or two couples to make up the bridge game they spend all day sometimes he might take a break and dive in off the stern and no matter where we were in Catalina or Mexico he'd dive in come to the surface and Jesus Christ it's cold so so now who who sat at this table who are some of the names he had a lot of uh business associates that would invite on people from the studios like Hugh o Brian so this really uh you know this was really a place for him to take refuge with his family family more than a place to entertain a lot of celebrity friends right right he spend all day and all evening he used to go to bed early about 8 but the rest of the time he's sitting here he's playing cards Bridge mostly is this one of the places that was one of his favorites here on the ship right uh chess was another favorite game of his and uh I was never into chess so I I didn't play you didn't you didn't play huh no now would he normally have one of his favorite drinks here as well yeah when I first joined the boat his favorite drink was Brandy on the Rocks but then after about 10 years he switched to Mexican tequila commemorative tequila and I remember being at this house one time 5:00 Tu L ship's business papers and he said hey do you want to drink I said sure I wasn't going to wimp out in front of John Wayne so he makes me this neat uh tequila he says you want some water in it I yeah please put add some water to it so I'm struggling trying to get this down but I wasn't going to wimp out you know in front of Wayne so how many trips do you think you went with John Wayne on this boat oh gosh I'd say hundreds hundreds wow Catalina lots of weekends we'd leave for Mexico around sometimes November and sometimes spend five months down there mainly because the skipper at the time Jack Headley he liked Mexico but mostly it was about two three months in Mexico and he'd be filming in Durango so the idea was he could fly to the maadan and then use the boat but he usually ended up working Saturdays so he he he didn't have the time to fly to join the boat after 11 years of working on the boat I was at the house after I taken over a skipper he says call me Duke when you're off the boat but I could never get used to calling him Duke too familiar Mr Wayne you know Mr Wayne always Mr Wayne yeah while while he was on board yeah wow this we used to especially in Seattle places north we'd get the fireplace going I remember one time I had trouble getting it fired up so I had newspapers in there and sticks and I'll fix it so I go to the paint Locker got some paint thinner might have been gasoline I'm not sure sure probably pain thinner so I put some in a cup or something and threw the stuff and the whole thing exploded in my face a dumb trick IA John Wayne didn't see you do that did he no no so you you got to have a favorite John Wayne story of all the years you worked with him one story that's sits out in your memory I'd made a wooden Seas slide to tow the children behind the ski boat it was about 4 feet long maybe maybe five with a padded to top and the children like to sit on or kneel on and hold a rope so they could stay on the raft and I tow it about 20 M hour behind the ski boat well we're someone in Mexico I can't remember what bay we were in and I'm running out of fuel so I slow down to put more gas in the ski boat Duke's on the top deck afed and he cups his hands like this and say I'm going to shoot four people if mariss gets hurt on that thing he mean he was going to shoot me IA maybe Ethan so Ethan his son yeah AA his daughter right so I told the kids to cool it we'll do something else the rest of the day it was getting later on in the afternoon so the next morning my job in the first thing in the morning was to mop the decks down mop the morning de on this main deck and plus the top deck so I'm dipping my mop in the bucket and Duke comes out of his State room and like to walk about 20 times around the cabin for a little exercise so he came out to me he says but I want to apologize for losing my temper with the yesterday I mumbled something like don't worry about it sir he said well I do worry about it because I like you very much well that's great I felt that felt good well that's great so now ber you're going to take us down to the engine room because I understand the engine room is really pretty interesting because they don't make engines like this anymore the original uh Jimmy's 268a is the model number and they were originally locomotive engines but uh I've got a nice story well let's go see so we're heading down to the engine room but you know something I've been wanting to ask you Bert so you had all your weekends busy with John Wayne here on the boat do you have a personal life I mean did what were you doing you were what 30 years old or so well the first thing I did was join a dancing school Arthur Murray up in uh where it Garden Grove originally my brother said let's go to night school and learn Spanish well I went three times and got bored with trying to learn Spanish so that I'm going dancing instead so I can meet more girls so that worked out pretty good now did he have any uh help here that uh helped your dating life he he had the maids I had a good thing going with all the maids for 16 years so you're dated the help huh until uh one day after Duke died Ethan let me into a little secret he said well we hired one maid she was German goodlooking attractive German girl Petra so she wouldn't have anything to do with me and years later Ethan said I think I ruined it for you with Petra because I told her that you take all the maids out the man about town okay let's go see the engine room B love to so this is my brother Ken's great terrific let's go inside okay wow here we we are the engine room Bert it's like old times huh it feels good I'd like to go to Seattle right now now you spent a lot of time down here is that correct not really my brother was down here most of the time and your brother uh what did he do specifically well made sure everything was running smoothly and no leaks and he was like an engineer but if it was rough he'd get seasick and he'd be walking around here with a bucket to throw up in while he's doing his ches so B tell us what we're looking at here oh these are the original locomotive engines before the war and they converted them mized them for the Navy mine sweepers what I've forgotten how many cylinders are 1 two three four five six eight cylinder Pistons are about that yay big and they had to be overhauled every three years to meet the Navy specs and it would take about six weeks for my brother and he used the help of the steward Joffrey to take rough six weeks to complete the overhaul on both engines wow we send the blocks out and the the valve blocks I guess this part wow and he just reassembled it again wow well we're also here today with Fernando uh Garduno Garduno Garduno so you're the first officer here yeah and uh this ship is pretty much as it was from an engine perspective when John Wayne noted is that correct yeah uh Hornblower goes to Great length to act as stewards for the boat uh and operate the boat in a way that that would keep the Duke happy he was big on keeping all the original Naval equipment on board so we do everything we can to uh to keep the stuff going and we take Great Lengths to make sure that if we can find parts or have to have some stuff fabricated uh to keep some of this old stuff going we make sure we get it done that's got to be a costly proposition because it would have been easier to get more efficient engines a long time ago I suspect right I think so but it's the last thing the Duke would have wanted and uh you know it's a historical ship she's been to war she's been all over the world uh and to be honest with you she runs great I mean there's really no no no need to to replace them as far as we're concerned so so tell me what we're looking at around here so these are the main engines is that correct that's correct yeah those are the mains they're 500 horsepower side um you know some folks will probably recognize the the telegraph here from from the movies and whatnot and you know in the in the movies you'll hear the captain saying you know all Full Ahead port engine this or that all the all the telegraph is doing is sending a message down to an engineer here in the engine room and telling the engineer how to you know either put the boat in into a a Stern propulsion or forward propulsion and then adjust the throttle we've got the throttles right here we don't operate off of this uh at all we've got some Modern equipment from the 1980s electronic shifters but if they were to go down we would rely on the telegraph system and I would come down into the engine room take this lever up to the 12:00 position that's basically neutral if the captain tells me he wants to go ahead I would go ahead and answer his command and then shift the boat into forward and uh that's our backup uh control system wow well it's really something being down here and I I can only imagine that on Modern boats I don't know with this P code inspection now nowadays with all these wires and things running through it I mean it's Fernando is a you you've got to get special you know uh special coverage for being able to have this kind of stuff right no we're actually very strictly regulated by the by the Coast Guard um it's being a wooden boat this vessel is under a much greater degree of and and due to the age a much higher degree of scrutiny than than your average Charter vessel so we go through annual inspections every year by the Coast Guard we have to holler out every year uh you know a couple of our other vessels are are newer steel hole they they only have to be hauled out once every other year um so the the the Coast Guard is intimately familiar with every inch of this vessel and uh we keep her in great shape we've got a really really good maintenance maintenance crew and we've got uh an owner who just absolutely loves the boat and that's Terry McCrae from Hornblower dining in events or cruises in events correct absolutely so we're lucky we've got a a guy who's a big John Wayne fan and you know he believes he's just a steward uh a steward of the boat and you know John Wayne's really the owner and we try and uh try and maintain it to to a standard and and keep it going that that the Duke would be proud of so Bert we're going to take you up now to where you probably spent a lot of time up here at the top of the boat keeping it steering in the right direction so we're going to have a little bit of a homecoming for you okay I'd love to okay let's do it wow we are in John Wayne's bedroom the original bedroom and uh Fernando I guess this is pretty much as it was when John Wayne was here right absolutely yeah um original Furnishings um the easy chair over there the dresser the bed the stuff that you know the TV came in the 80s um that painting matches the one in the fireplace um doesn't match it exactly but he had it commissioned by the same artist he was a big big fan of of the ocean and the Sea and obviously the goose played a a huge role in that um so you'll recognize some of this artwork uh if you go down into the fireplace room um the Duke did not have any pictures of himself or his movies and stuff like that on board uh family photos yes but not not stuff regarding his films and whatnot but it's I mean it's largely intact the way this is exactly how it would have looked in 1975 if you if you came strolling in here amazing and then there's of course a a very large bathroom uh adjacent to this too that that he would have used and then his kids had a state room just adjacent to this as well yeah correct and the rooms connect so the kids bunk room has direct access to the Duke State room and I'm I'm sure Bert Bert Bert will tell you what they used to do with the kids they'd lock them in there at night if they were out at sea or on the anchor so they wouldn't have to worry about them falling overboard they would have to walk through this room in order to get out yeah that way if the they couldn't get out without the Duke knowing about it or if one of them had a bad dream or something they could just walk right through here without to go out on the side decks wow well this is another one of those rooms where you really kind of I don't know feel the ghost of John Wayne but you certainly feel his presence here don't you yeah absolutely absolutely and uh you know when I'm walking around during a charter doing my rounds you always I get stopped here and asked all kinds of questions there's always people gazing here and they're always staring at the bed like what happened there yeah yeah that you can smell the wood burning sometimes so well the ship has a very vibrant life today as well as it did all those many years ago Sarah is with Hornblower Sarah welcome thank you so tell us a little of what the ship's doing right now now that Hornblower is uh has owned it now for a number of years and has been a good caretaker of it what kind of events transpire here oh my gosh well she certainly is the the jewel in our Crown here in Newport Beach we're very proud of her um many different corporate events um a lot of weddings with athletes have got married on board here here um being so close to Hollywood lot of rap parties that are that are held here I remember an event with Barbara stend which was fun for me to to see her on board so and then we do um we do some public cruises too where guests are lucky enough to find out that they'll be on John Wayne's yacht for the evening which is incredibly special to be that close to a a movie star and to be in kind of his presence so lots of lots of fun events and she's she is much loved here in the harbor for sure now she pretty much stays in the harbor when you take most of the cruises right we do we like to keep everything very calm for everybody you know we we use silverware glass wear a lot of high-end events so it's important for our guests that are that are comfortable um sometimes the the captain will poke his nose out you know poke her bow out just to kind of see the see the sights but yeah just keeps within the harbor but I mean my gosh we go past where John Wayne used to live where she was docked um and guests are very interested to know that he convalesced on board you know this is where he chose to convalesce when he was so sick so yeah she's got to be one of the biggest ships here in the harbor oh for sure for sure and when we go out I love it and I tell my my you know clients on board to watch because a lot of you almost get like a flotilla kind of behind you and coming up and looking up and they get to wave and have that moment of feeling that you know they may be owning this ship and you know looking down and waving being able to be on board yeah very special Sarah thank you very much you're most welcome thank you very much okay we're going to join Bert now in the Wheelhouse so let's go check it out okay so we're in the Wheelhouse welcome back to the Wheelhouse Bert always feels at home here thank you got I I love being next to that wheel a lot of happy memories here now you you wrote about your experiences here on the wild goose you co-authored a book about 10 years ago on board with the Duke it's got some wonderful stories some great photos and if anyone wants to order a copy all they have to do is called Hornblower the Newport Beach office and they can buy it but this really tells your story of what it was like being here on the ship right that's right from the time I left England across the Atlantic and I remember we were approaching the Panama Canal we overheard on the ship's radio that Kennedy had just been shot Pete Stein was in tears the captain didn't mean much to me mean English but uh never forget that wow and then most recently there is a brand new John Wayne biography uh John Wayne Life and Legend it just came out I think within the last month or two um Scott Iman um who sounds like he had some connection with John Wayne but it it's a fascinating book and it talks a lot about his life here in Newport Beach and and your featured in it prominently four or five times I mentioned my name you and they took EXO from my other book well the book on board with the Duke are you amazed okay so John Wayne has been gone now more than 30 years and yet here we have a bestseller biography on him he really was a larger than life figure wasn't he he was I was always amazed at the the size of the guy he had tiny feet but big hands I think he took a size 10 10 and a half shoe which is not that big wow but uh a true American Legend in that regard book I took it to bed the other night at 10 11 o'cl I jumped in bed started reading and I read right through to 4:00 in the morning before I stopped reading wow so now tell us about the Wheelhouse here and what was here and obviously there have been some changes since since you were here in modern technology this is the original Helm and the only person allowed to touch the polished brass would be Duke not even you no well I used to polish it so I didn't want anybody touching it so we used to steer just by using the spokes and then all this woodwork this wasn't here there were two original Navy pedestals here about yei with the throttles on one and the gear shifts on the other one so when I was maneuvering I'd have to run across look up over the side see where the hell we were run back over here I was doing a ballet back and forth wow you're running back and forth when you're when you're trying to well once once we got on the way then it was cool but ducking and UND ducking we had to do that pre-comp computers right yes didn't have any of that so I mean some some of these things are still original right yeah this is the original Navy uh compass compass and uh G Compass but we never use that we just use the modern Compass here there used to be little button somewhere around here that you could change Course once it was plugged in you instead of turn the wheel you could just turn a little knob and the ship would go either way sort of like autopilot almost this is interesting this is the original chair that was bought for Pete Stein back in the mid 60s and I'm just amazed how this vinyls lasted I mean this is almost 50 years old so when I was on watch I'd stand up here excuse me sit up here and it was just the right distance that door jam I could put my feet up here in fact Jack Hedley had me paint a line on that window line up and down so it would represent the bow of the ship and he didn't have to get up he just s here he could tell if we were going to hit something by just looking at that painted line wow now now ber you were also here during another historic moment and that's when Barbara Walters came aboard she did the very last interview with John Wayne before he passed away and she did it right here on the goose and in fact I think there's a photo of her sitting in this chair with John Wayne staring the boat but you were here during that whole interview right yeah we were under way cruising down this channel behind us and uh I remember Duke was standing where your and he told me to get in touch with the cook Billy he said have Billy bring two coffees up and have him put something in my coffee I don't run a tight ship or something something like that so yeah they did the interview right here on the wing of the bridge now uh she just retired as as we know and she said that one of the interviews that she thinks was most important in her entire career and she's done a lot of them was interviewing John Wayne and part of it was here on the wild goose that must be pretty significant to be a part of broadcasting history like that yeah they show it now and again on TV and I always get a kick out of seeing her with the Duke now you got shot in that right you're steering the boat is that correct yeah I had that window slid down for the cameraman and he was facing me when Duke told me to tell Billy to bring two coffees up so how was Barbara Walters nice I was surprised how cute she was really she was in her early 40s maybe and about 5 foot nothing 5 foot2 or something and I was yeah I was given to the eye not too didn't have the same luck with the uh than you did with with the maids though right now no no had better luck well Bert this has just been terrific to be not only on the wild goose again one of my favorite things in all of Newport Beach but to be here with someone who is a part of the living history of this wonderful ship thank you very much for being with us today and uh thank you G and you know it's it's got to be great to have you back here on the on the ship must bring back some wonderful memories that you had here with John Wayne it does I like doing these interviews and reminising about the trips and the times with the Duke I'd like to sit off now for Seattle you any commod deer the boat and take it for a ride huh that's right great thank you very much Bert he my pleasure well there you have it an inside look at this wonderful historic and iconic treasure here in Newport Beach I hope you've enjoyed it as much as I have this really is a very very special ship we'll see you next time on another episode of the backstory but before I go that's for you duke

  Top Comments:
  1. @carlacrawford9349 [3 likes]: His type of acting was natural.  What you see is what you get.  A heck of a lot more entertaining than most  of the so called actors  we have today.  RIP Sir. 5:41
  2. @geraldreeves4915 [2 likes]: Fabulous interview. John Wayne will always be a hero
  3. @arthurarinbjarnarson6318 [1 likes]: Just great guys thanks.
  4. @pcdubya [1 likes]: Great job on the interview, very interesting,  and what a beautiful old boat.
  5. @SnemmoortserEpiwsregoobn-bb9ik: Loved the Duke
  6. @wildcolonialman: Fabulous fabulous man.
  7. @Kriken_: I'm more of a Stingray but the Wild Goose is good too
  8. @tropicalliaison: How do you contact Bert?
  9. @ronaldcornelius7519: Super fantastic! Thanks.❤
  10. @richardmckrell4899: Started the beginning of 63', October, lol
  11. @planesail1956: my dad albert dundas ayers, was on the first btitish built minesweeper mms1 built at richards iron works lowestoft. i have a photo of the launching..
  12. @lifesahobby: Good stuff
  13. @j.fhernandez3457: Otto Preminger brought me here.
  14. @alainlusatti6670: Beautiful
  15. @davidtaylor6613: Who knew that the liberal cancel culture would use that Walter interview to smear a great man in his last days. Shameful but Duke will persevere through time. The greatest movie star and a great American!
  16. @FiveLiver: Bert Minshull sounds like a scouser - the woman was English too. [Just like to say the assassination of JFK was a major news event in the UK and he was mourned deeply.]
  17. @williamstanley3181: 7i
  18. @tawolfproductions: Google John Wayne Todd Wolf i done a voice over as John Wayne for thier family but permit didnt go throw. Tawolf is my stage name.
  19. @IAm1InTheIAm: In the early 1960's to '71, my Grandad lived on Lido Isle just down the way from where the Wild Goose was berthed. As a wee lad I used to walk by the ship on my way home, hoping to get a glimpse of The Duke. 
To my dismay, I never got to meet him.
  20. @rodgerhatfield3068: Loved it

- Newport Sailing Life: Real Good People. Real Good Life. | vineyard vines: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Simon Davidson. I live in Newport, Rhode Island, I'm a marine project manager here. I live with my wife, Hillary, and my three children, Trevor, Claire, and Mary. Newport's our home. We love living here. I'm from Auckland, New Zealand originally, but married a girl from Connecticut. I've been in Newport for about 20 years now. Newport was the place we wanted to raise the kids, but primarily there's access for the kids to learn how to sail. A lot of great yacht clubs. Sailing is a rite of passage in New Zealand. It's in our blood. I'm involved on the executive board at a small yacht club here in Newport. What I do is I manage those boats. The crew, the schedules, the maintenance and service. What I enjoy the most about my job is the ability to travel, the ability to sail, the ability to be able to give my family opportunities to go to interesting places. For me it was important to do a job where I was really happy doing my job, and I felt like it was getting me places. Every day should feel this good. Day is an opportunity for us, and my family to get out and do things like this, to be on the water. To be surrounded by beautiful boats. I just think we're very lucky.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Slicey007: Love Newport- I'm there several times a year - Magical and enchanted
  2. @captaingunny3584: How do you get discounts on your products they are a hit expensive

- Live Aboard Slip Cost, West Coast Style: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to another edition of what are we thinking uh why am i in front of these kind of cool looking apartment buildings these apartment buildings are about start around 2 500 a month we are in marina del rey california and that's your view maybe the liveaboard lifestyle isn't for you but you can get pretty darn close here the reason that i'm showing you these apartments is that i just spoke to a gentleman here who is a liveaboard he's lived on his boat for about two years he is living on a 48 foot houseboat and his payments are around is what he's paying per month here in marina del rey there is a 55 percent increase if you are a live-abort on your slip fees so he's paying an extra 55 over what someone else with a similarly sized slip would be paying um but he loves it and that includes his utilities too so that's that's great and if you think about it would you rather live on a beautiful yacht or a nice apartment the liveaboard lifestyle is it's accessible one of the things that he was telling me is that he's actually planning to look at other countries uh he's kind of sick of paying a lot of the taxes that you pay in california we're we're used to that in illinois having high taxes um but uh he said he's been looking at places in spain uh where the the costs are actually significantly less he was saying that he could go out and eat like a king for half of what it costs to have a pizza here so if california isn't your ideal which i know it isn't for a lot of people maybe spain maybe florida maybe texas but i was pretty surprised actually when i when he told me how much he's paying i thought that it would be significantly more his his boat is a 48-footer so he's in a 50-foot slip just as we are he pays a little bit more but not that much you

  Top Comments:
  1. @rayjohnson9781 [5 likes]: Did no one tell you about the water front commission, they allow only a certain number of live aboards per each marina for environmental reasons and the wait list for a live aboard slip is years long. I live on my 30’ Ericson in Berkeley, in California slip fees average about  $10 a foot without live aboard , that adds another $200 per month. 🤙🤙🤙🐮☮️
  2. @grantpeachey6908 [4 likes]: Portugal is very cheep food and wine is inexpensive and a apartment is 300 mounth
  3. @Surfsail [3 likes]: By the way he lives in Chicago now because he was a sneak aboard don't believe anyone saying its easy to get a live aboard!
  4. @Surfsail [3 likes]: You didn't tell everybody about The three year waiting list.Guess what as soon as you buy the boat you have to move it out of the slip😮 And that's pretty much all of CA.😢
  5. @ReginaldDewitte [1 likes]: Funny enough I think I know who you are talking about when you say house boat 48. I just got my 47 trawler in a slip on E1000 dock. Anyway, if you're around let me know I don't live on it as I moved out of California for a lot of reason, but come almost every weekend.
  6. @MyTube4Utoo [1 likes]: Wow, that's a pretty good slip fee compared to what I'm looking at here. Of course that is California, and the beautiful ocean, too. 

I'm considering a place on the huge and gorgeous Kentucky Lake, or it's sister lake, Lake Barkley, here in Kentucky. Both are connected via canal, and aren't landlocked, having access to the Ohio, Tennessee, and Cumberland rivers, and therefore access to the 'Great Loop.' I priced slips last year and I saw one (70 foot) at a marina I liked for ~$700/ month. That included utilities, Wi-Fi, and 1 pump-out per week.

Some of the homes on the lakes that I priced were stunning! Most had private boat docks, just for smaller boats of course, and some amazing homes were well under $1 million. I saw a few that had already sold (of course) for much less than $1 million.
  7. @MyTube4Utoo [1 likes]: $2,500 per month? I bough a 10 acre mini-farm with a 3-bedroom, nice little farmhouse, a large barn and very large, well-stocked pond for $41,000.  lol  That was in 1989, however. I still own the place and have it rented for just $700/month. I could probably get $1,500/month, but I have fantastic renters that, for some reason like to pay the rent early and do repairs themselves. They do realize they're getting a heck of a deal though, especially now.

It's a long story, but I'm temporarily living in an apartment that's in a mutual ownership community. It's actually my brother and sister-in-law's place. It's not luxurious, and just 2 bedrooms, but it's clean and well maintained, and I pay $427/month, and that's with all utilities included. That includes having to pay an extra $75/month as a "live-in" (sub-letter). That also includes a $2 fee for paying with a card or check online. The rent would normally be just $350/month if it was in my name. It's also in a very clean, low crime, middle class area in the suburbs. 

My next home will be floating, and will definitely be more expensive than what I'm use to.  :-)
  8. @WellnessOverFitness [1 likes]: Are you still in Marina del Rey? I live here and has been looking into living on a boat, if possible would love to hear your thoughts and pros/cons.
  9. @Shepherdservices317: Can't see shit lol
  10. @mscarlajefferson3783: Living a bill ord in CA
Spain…,
  11. @Sydwiz9999: Are you sure it's 50% more? On Marina Del Rey's website it says: "Liveaboard fees are 50% of the basic slip rate." So then is that a lie? If not that would mean he has a huuge boat

- NEWPORT RHODE ISLAND Travel Guide: 10 Things to Know: Kind: captions Language: en hey fell explorers today I'm in Newport Rhode Island and I'm going to tell you everything you need to know to visit this city including what to see do and eat all right let's go the first thing to know is just some general information about Newport Newport is well known throughout the New England region as a popular Summertime Beach Resort now in addition to beaches it's also really popular for sailing and yachting Newport has been referred to as the sailing capital of America as it's hosted the Americas cup for many years in the past you're going to find more than beaches and sailing here you're also going to find Mansions some of the biggest mansions in the United States of America are here in Newport the most famous one is called The Breakers built in 1895. it was built to resemble a Renaissance Palace more about the mansions and why they were built here and who they were built by later on in this video but you can go inside and visit them and feel like you were one of those rich people well except that you paid admission to go in for just a few hours again more about that later now you're also going to find a really neat walkable downtown in Newport cobblestone street early colonial style architecture and in addition to you you're going to find lots of brides to be people celebrating their anniversaries and she says that everything is good here and you can trust her absolutely the second thing to know just some information to help you get oriented to Newport Newport is located in Rhode Island the smallest state in the USA you're going to find it 75 miles south of Boston 180 miles north of New York City it's on this little island called Aquidneck Island along the shores of Narragansett Bay as far as cities go Newport is pretty small in a compact 11 square miles it neighbors Middletown you really could consider them the same area a lot of the great restaurants and hotels and beaches to go to are in Middletown and Newport but people pretty much just talk about it all as Newport now one street here definitely want to get familiar with is this one it's spelled t-h-m-e-s and if you're from the UK you would pronounce it tem street it's not how they pronounce it here they pronounce the h it is Thames Street if you are in Newport but this is the historic Street along the Waterfront District lots of cool things here if you're like gonna Park and start your journey someplace start at tame Street and Long Wharf that's a great spot to start your journey you can head on that South and then eventually you'll get to Bellevue Avenue which is where the big mansions are and it's also where the famous Cliff Walk is the third thing to know is about getting into Newport and if you're flying in well the closest airport is in the capital of Rhode Island Providence it's about 30 miles away and it's a pretty small airport really only Services destinations on the East Coast or towards Chicago nothing on the west coast and not really many International destinations if you're looking to come in from further afield then you're going to want to fly into Boston Logan International Airport that is the closest big airport it is 75 miles to the north of Newport and that's actually where I flew into to record this video If you're looking to take the train in well the closest you're going to get is to Providence there's another stop a little bit closer but then you're probably stuck getting taxi or an Uber into Newport it's also pretty good driving the roads and things like that are pretty good to get in here if you are driving from Boston it'll take you about 90 minutes if you are driving from New York City it'll take you about four hours oh and if you haven't figured it out yet I'm shooting each scene in this video in a different location so you get to see a bit of Newport as we go this scene was shot in Washington Square this is the county courthouse built in 1927 in the architectural style of colonial revival the fourth thing to know is about getting around and Newport it's really walkable like because it's an old city it was really definitely built for walking though you'll want to bring some comfy shoes ladies leave the high heels at home because all the Cobblestone and brick that's a broken ankle waiting to happen now if you're driving your car into the Waterfront District you should know parking is going to be expensive and limited during the summer why do I say during the summer it will because pretty much all the street parking is metered but you only have to pay for it between May and October if you come in the winter the street parking is actually all free but if you come in the summer two dollars per hour to park on the street if those are full then there are some city-owned garages that'll cost you more and then some private garages that'll cost you more I saw one parking lot that was advertising forty dollars a day just so you know where to Ballpark that parking rate oh and for the street parking in addition to paying by license plate at these meters you can also download the passport parking app and just do it from your phone or if there's too much traffic on land you can get around by sea and take the Newport Harbor shuttle to a few different Piers along the harbor now what about if you're trying to get around and you're too tired of walking well in the summer time you can take one of the hop-on hop-off trolleys that Newport Rhode Island Run for free you can pick them up all around the city but in you're looking for like the one place that's the beginning of the route you'll find it at the Gateway Center there's also that parking garage that you'll pay forty dollars to park at right there um and you'll also find clean public restrooms in the building right next to that parking garage and if you just can't wait for one of those trolleys well you'll find Uber and Lyft ride share services to be plentiful here too the fifth thing to know is about beaches and surprisingly Newport actually doesn't have that many in the way of sandy beaches there are three though that if you're coming to visit you might want to consider the first one Easton's Beach right here is three-quarter mile of sandy beach it is also known as first Beach parking you're gonna pay if you're parking 15 on the weekday 25 on the weekend there's also another Beach down that way second Beach and then third Beach they're all just kind of right next to each other on the border of Newport and Middletown beware some of the beach parking is for residents only and so if you're not a resident don't park there pay for parking instead it's also worth noting that the beach going season in newport's really pretty short I would say July and August are your months that you're able to get in the water without a wetsuit that that's where you'll have the high water temperature being about 70 degrees if you come in December the water temperature is a chilly 36 degrees Fahrenheit nearly freezing uh so actually that's why you can see there are not that many people in the Water behind me even though I am here in August it's still on the cold side oh and Easton's Beach is also the beginning of The Cliff Walk just on that side so you can see the big mansions that we're going to talk about a little later right over here and the wind is not doing great things for my hair today now if you are here with a car and you like scenic drives do a Google search for the Newport 10 Mile Drive it's a really neat we're out pretty much along the coast of Newport but you'll get to see some of the mansions and some of the beaches and definitely worth your while if you don't have much time if you don't have a rental car you can consider renting one of these little motorcycle scooter things they look like a lot of fun and the sixth thing you need to know is about the food in Newport and in particular you should know about the seafood here because Delicacies from the sea are what Newport is definitely known for and there's a few of them but the first one I want to share with you is lobster rolls nothing is more classic in Newport than the Newport Lobster Shack it's right on the Harbor and you can get this delicious Lobster that's falling out of my sandwich they offer two sizes the small and the large this one is the large thirty dollars when I'm recording this video because Lobster prices go up and down cold Lobster in here warm Toasted Roll it's served with a bag of chips and it's out of it really is kind of a shack actually maybe it's a little bit of a truck they also sell seafood to go if you want to bring some Lobster home with you but let's dive into the six ounces of large Lobster on this roll all right here we go good meaty Lobster lots of it nice and fresh mmm and to accompany my lobster roll I got a cup of the New England style clam chowder this is a white clam chowder um pretty tasty and you know it's even got some clams in it what a surprise oh I say that because so often I get clam chowders just full of potatoes and doesn't have any clams this one you can definitely see the clams in it just the way clam chowder should be oh and now that I've made my way through most of the sandwich you know what makes this lobster roll so good is it's like it's just Lobster in that bread there's not a lot of fillers there's not a lot of mayo bread lobster having to go wrong and if you like clam chowder you should definitely check out like the Rhode Island specialty chowder which is clear chowder you won't find this at all chowder places but here at flows Clam Shack which has been serving up clams since the 1930s in a really shackish looking building their chowder specialty is clear chowder hmm since it doesn't have like a creamy base to it it's definitely a more seafoody tasting broth mild though not like it doesn't taste like you ate the sea uh good but what their specialty at Flo's Clam check is clams and in particular fried clams this is the fried clam platter 29.95 that comes with clams french fries coleslaw and some tartar sauce and uh well casualty let's try these little Specialties right here lightly breaded fresh clams they don't taste like the sea and you can see there's the clam in the breading right there tender not too chewy so if you like clams definitely check out flows but make sure you do it during the summer when they're open oh this place does get really busy too so you might want to come for like an 11 A.M lunch when they're not that busy now this place has quite the sense of humor in addition to having a big shark out front they also have their famous Combo Number Nine where you can get a bottle of wine and two hot dogs for ninety dollars and in addition to the hot foods they also have a raw bar to get the raw foods you have to order these upstairs this is like a casual order at the window sit down kind of place great if you've got kiddos or just Rowdy family members with you if you want to eat at flows you got to come here during the summer they're only open for the season march to October one of my favorite restaurants in Newport is the Brick Alley Pub and Restaurant not just because it's yellow but they've got good old down home All-American food Seafood Burgers steaks that kind of thing in a nice cozy publish atmosphere that doesn't feel like a bar but a nice kind of Woody old school restaurant what do I like at Brick Alley Pub well for an appetizer I enjoy the calamari calamari is the national appetizer of Rhode Island and the unique part here is it's spicy served with banana peppers for a main course I really like the baked scallops comes with their choice of side I really like to get it with a baked potato that's as delicious as the scallops if it's a hot day and you're looking to cool down then stop by Dells for their famous lemonade and not just any lemonade it's actually frozen lemonade well some of it's melted so it's pouring out but frozen lemonade that you eat with kind of a um spoon straw like a Slurpee or an icy four dollars Brazil cup is it amazing no but is it a new part classic yes you should know about shopping and you'll find a lot of Newport shopping right here along Thames Street if you want to start your walk you can start right here at the Long Wharf shops and then walk south from here you'll find the brick market and then you'll find a couple other wharfs just because it says Wharf I mean that doesn't mean boats stop there I don't know they call their shopping malls wharfs here I think they used to be piers and now they've got shops but Bowens Wharf and banisters Wharf are a couple of great stops for shopping and yes much of the shopping in Newport is definitely the souvenir tourist trappy kind of stuff you know it because this store called themselves the track now if you want to dive even deeper into the history of Newport than I go into here you can drop into the museum of Newport history right at the Long Wharf mall and you'll also find the city's tourist information back in there too I mean look even Starbucks here isn't a cool colonial style building and if you're here with kiddos they're sure to enjoy the arcade at Ryan family amusements and old school kind of video game parlor right across the street from banister's Wharf the eighth thing you should know is about hotels and some of the best hotels in Newport are located right in walking distance of the Waterfront District one of my favorites here is the Marriott on Newport Harbor but you should know that the hotels here are really expensive in the summer this one goes for 500 a night in the summer maybe a hundred and fifty dollars a night in the winter and so if you're looking at a week and they just seem exorbitantly priced you know maybe look at a different week right after kids go back to school and you'll find them for half the price if you are coming in the summer and you can't afford the hotels right around the water front District consider staying in Middletown there's a number of hotels right over there in particular a Residence Inn that I'm staying at on this trip that is half the price of this Marriott it's pronounced Mary you should know about the weather and when is the best time to go well most people visit Newport in the summertime so think June July and August and most people from the New England region come here to escape the heat of the rest of the region because Newport is generally cooler than New York City and Boston the daytime highs in July and August are usually in the high 70s Fahrenheit or about 25 degrees Celsius but if you come this summer it's going to be expensive so if you want to save a little bit of money come in shoulder season come uh March or April come September October November you'll find cheaper hotel prices you'll find maybe free or cheaper parking and you won't have all the tourist towards here I don't recommend you come in the winter December January and February it gets really cold here uh and it snows and the snow doesn't melt for a long time and so unless you're a you're a snowbird and you've got some really big jackets you know I would save your visiting time to the springs summer and fall months the one time you might want to come in the winter is if you're not really interested in any of the outdoorsy stuff and all you want to do is go into the Mansions because those are I mean they're indoors and they're heated and so you can be warm and toasty in there even when it's rainy or snowy outside and the 10th thing to know is about things to do in Newport and one of the like best things to do here is The Cliff Walk This walk is a three and a half mile hike in some areas around Coastal Newport uh if you were to hike the whole route it takes about two and a half hours but along this route you have amazing views of the Atlantic over this way and over this way you have views of the Mansions that's the breakers right you want to do the whole hike then you're going to want to start at Easton Beach or first Beach because that's where the Cliff Walk officially starts and make your way around the whole thing The Cliff Walk from Easton's Beach to The Breakers is easy and then it gets more difficult as you go around to the south end I think the coolest place start though is at 40 steps it's on Narragansett Avenue those 40 steps like back in the day when these Mansions had made that's where the maids would spend their day off and kind of like congregate down there and still today it's like a super big party for people to take selfies and just enjoy the view of the Atlantic Ocean I do want to point out much of the parking along the Route is pay parking so if you're here in the summer make sure you do pay for those spots so when you're done with The Cliff Walk seeing all these Mansions from the back you'll want to go check them out from the front and inside now these Mansions known as the Gilded Age Mansions were built by some of the like ultra wealthy during the 1800s a lot of wealthy folks from New York City who wanted to escape the heat so they built their summer cottages right here this one the breakers built in 1895 to resemble a Renaissance Palace has the kind of opulence that has bathtubs that have both fresh water and salt water taps so maybe on Mondays you want to take a fresh water bath and Tuesdays you want to take a salt water bath you could do that if you lived in this Mansion built by the Vanderbilt family uh you could easily spend a whole day exploring each of the Mansions they're basically many of them are now open as museums for you to go in each one has a different admission fee and ticket structure the three most popular number one is definitely here the breakers number two the marble house that has like hundreds of thousands of cubic feet of marble and number three is rough point now note many of these Mansions don't allow strollers inside for the tours so if you're here with kiddos leave your strollers in the car if your true sailing Aficionado well then you'll want to check out the sailing museum at the national sailing Hall of Fame they do charge admission to go in and so all that you're going to see in this video is the outside if you enjoy getting out on the water definitely consider taking one of the Harbor Cruises you can take one on one of these neat historic sailboats you'll find tons of companies that operate these out of many of the wharfs along the Waterfront District check out newport's almost 300 year old church trinity church located just up St Ann Square from the Waterfront District what you'll find really cool about this one is the seats because it's really cold here in the winter they're actually these Pew Styles so they have like comfy places to sit they could put blankets and then in this one in 81 and you can see uh her highness Princess Margaret of the UK sat here Desmond Tutu sat here prince Andrew George Washington and even Queen Elizabeth wow do you know what the last thing to know is it's I've got more videos if you're heading to Boston or New York City you might enjoy checking out my travel guides on those destinations you'll also find links description below and as usual I won't say goodbye because I'm going to see you in one of those videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @YellowProductions [7 likes]: 💲💲💲 Get up to 40% off hotels in Newport by signing up here: 
https://plannin.com/en/search?googleResult=ChIJa5cJBbe65YkRIW8vLPeWXs4&refId=YellowProductions
✅ You might enjoy watching my travel guide on Boston: https://youtu.be/T1NTpwW4QVg
✅ Or my travel guide on New York City: https://youtu.be/4Gm5EyzOoU4
  2. @Robert-pg2id [1 likes]: I have a list of over 25+ reasons to move to and live in Connecticut. May I list a few?
.5) Half of the US Navy's submarines and 1/5 of all jet engines in the world are made in Connecticut.
1.) History: Although vehemently denied by the Smithsonian, the TRUE FIRST IN FLIGHT honor goes to Gustave Whitehead who flew over 1/2 mile in Bridgeport, Connecticut in 1901, 2 years before the Wright Brothers. There are plenty of investigative reports that bear this out, some are on YouTube, & the State of Connecticut legislated a special day honoring Gustave Whitehead for this achievement.
2.) Climate: Conn. has the stable range of all 4 seasons (without the danger you see on the news of some areas in the US) with beautiful foliage in the Autumn, try Route 7 up the Housatonic River, dotted with Covered bridges, restaurants and antique shops all the way to the Mass. border.
3.) Sports: 2 AHL Hockey Teams in Bridgeport & Hartford (newly renovated stadium), 2 Baseball Teams in Hartford and Norwich, CT. (Hartford Stadium described as best new stadium in MiLB). There are 4 ski Mountains in Conn., 4 NASCAR Racetracks including Lime Rock Speedway which is frequented by more than a few movie stars. There are over 170 Golf Courses in CT both public & private.
4.) Universities: Home of perennial NCAA National Champions UCONN & Quinnipiac, also Yale University in New Haven, CT now rated among the top 10 Universities IN THE WORLD. Connecticut also runs its own State-level High School System that will teach your children a trade of their choice such as Nursing, Plumbing, Manufacturing, CAD design & more for FREE and help them qualify for a Professional License. How's that for a good start for any 18-year-old? This state-run High School System has its own campuses and sports teams.
5.) Vineyards:  There are over 35 Vineyards in Conn., with award winning vintages. Some even have their own restaurants making you feel like you're in France!
6.) Military: CT is the home of the US Coast Guard in New London, CT and also a US Navy Submarine base in Groton, CT. BTW, you can tour a real Navy sub for free at this Naval base in Groton.
7.) More history: Capt. Kidd is noted as depositing his treasure on an island up the Connecticut River and along the Housatonic River near Stratford & Shelton, CT. Ancient history has a historical site called "Gungywamp" near Groton, CT and is said to date all the way to about 900 AD & is credited to ancient Celtic explorers.
8.) Travel: The are over 30 airports & airfields in Conn., some offering Regional and International flights.
9.) Zoos & Wildlife exhibits: There is Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport plus 2 Maritime Museums in Norwalk & Mystic, Connecticut, with live hands on exhibits. There are also smaller ones like at Hammonasset State Park along the Connecticut Coastline. 
10.) Proximity: NYC & Boston are an easy drive from anywhere in CT (1-1/2 hrs. on average), so you can work, visit, and enjoy what they offer, but don't have to live in the middle of their overcrowding and resource starved cities.
11.) The Connecticut coast is dotted with almost 50 islands, some you can AirBnB, others have homes, lighthouses, one was the Summer White House of President Taft and another island has a US Wildlife Lab & pavilion you can access by water taxi, and the Park Rangers there will tour you the island for free. There are water-tours available of these islands called the Thimble Islands.
12.) Connecticut is home of famous stars such as Meg Ryan, Michael Bolton, Paul Newman, the Carpenters, Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and the Mayor of Mexico City both lived in Litchfield County, Conn.
13.) Agriculture #1: The 3 largest dairies in Conn. have over 2,000 cows each and are a very large supplier to famous cheeses like Cabot cheese & others. Some of these dairies you can tour for free - they use huge rotary milking platforms to do 'their work' and each herd happily co-operates!
14.) Agriculture #2: Connecticut is the nation's largest supplier of black currant and a major (very major supplier) of: lavender, apples & sunflowers.
  3. @healedbypitbulls6995: You talk way to fast!!! Too bad
  4. @chrissyparks2000: Ok Newport is fantastic, it’s too bad you’re an idiot. You can’t say the names of streets correctly. Not even the chain hotels!! Wow. Painful to watch.  Go home.
  5. @401RISaint: Newport has become a f’ing 💩hole over the last 15 yrs thanks to variety of BS actions. 

Latest housing project in RI…. Second largest homeless population in RI .

Tourism has crashed due to this

80% of the island is trash 

And armed security is now required around the historic mansions due to all the above. 

But what to those who used to live there know right?
  6. @TheEmpressgoth: Hmmmm❤❤❤😊
  7. @rlawrence71: I visited for the first time last November. A beautiful town.
  8. @MoonChildASMR72: This is a dumb question but are restaurants and bars usually pet friendly in this area ??
  9. @DavidNicholson-m7t: I live there
  10. @ayrtonsennaeditz: U look like Christian horner
  11. @ltcajh: Pricey. Good video.
  12. @NancyScammell: Half of this video is watching you stuff your face.
  13. @elsaaldaz6691: Neport algun comeback day😊
  14. @ginawhyte4445: Obviously none of the reviewers live in RI nor do more than spend a few days here. SMH.
  15. @lawrencewilhelm7095: The 'Providence' airport is NOT in Providence. Just look at the map you're showing. It clearly says 'Warwick' & Providence is so far north of there that is doesn't even show on your map.
  16. @JorgeSantos-pn5ji: What this typical American tacky shows is not Newport, it's a cheap version of a historic place.
  17. @frenchfriedtatersyoutube: Thanks for the guide!
  18. @SantosLou: This young man needs an update TF Green Airport does have international access with quick links to Boston and New York…
  19. @gregshulas4452: Great to see you show some love to Rhode Island and the amazing city of Newport.
  20. @Carlos-b6g6s: I visited this city in 2012. I went to the Tennis Hall of Fame and had a great time. I also enjoyed Providence as well!

- HOW TO BUY A CHEAP SAILBOAT - $20,000 or less!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're looking at sub $20,000 saleboats you can buy right now with a few little criteria they can't be junk but for the price a little fixer upper is okay they have to be big enough to sleep on should you want to and they have to be functional including sails rig and engine let's see what we [Music] find now I'm scrolling world today because it's the easiest thing to do on camera but if you want to spend less than 20 grand you should also be scrolling Facebook Marketplace and Craigslist Yacht World costs money to post on so things on there tend to be a bit more expensive also I set the price at 25,000 because I know you're a shrewd negotiator and you won't spend a penny over 20 here we go the first thing you'll likely stumble across in this price range is going to be an old Hunter now Hunter got a bad rep in the mid90s for some build quality issues but this predates that a 1986 Hunter 31 this is post cherubini but you'll find those too cherubini was a designer in the 80s and all those cherubini hunters look like every other saleboat it's before Hunter sort of defined itself the cherabin are great boats and if you see a cherubini definitely worth a look but this one's a bit newer it was designed by courland St and they made this model for 4 years from 83 to 87 the one we found today is the last year of the run and that's good they've worked out all the bugs in the design by 1987 she's a heavy girl for her size at 10,000 lb so she should weather choppy water fairly well the beam is 11 ft and draft is just over five this is a great Lake boat now this ad reads very well the standing and running rigging is in good shape the Sails are serviceable the engine has a lot of the hoses and different parts replaced and they use all the right vocabulary in the ad and that's important because this person is obviously a sailor who knows their stuff we get some cool add-ons with this boat too to save you money from adding these things on yourself we get lazy Jacks we get self-tailing winches and the paint work and general cleanliness of the boat is excellent It's wheel steering an easy ladder with a walkth through to get in and out of the water and we get a raised Helm seat we get a coach top traveler with mid boom sheeting and even self tailor for the Howards up on top and all lines led a long Genoa ATT tracks on the side deck in lifelines with a gate on the port side so if your Dock's on starboard you might be in trouble here inside is a very nice layout for a 31f footer though I do see some water damage on the sole right under the window that has the weird trim work on it the wood trim is not something I usually see in boats so I have to wonder was this window leaking and the owner redid sealed it and then added this trim does it leak now and what kind of sealant was used the same huge discolored spot on the sole in the galley a very hi trffic area and I'm wondering if the sole is going to be soft right here if so this Bo boat may need some new flooring work which can be kind of a big pain to do so know that getting into it everything else looks good on the inside I'm looking for water runs from the windows and I don't really see any and the whites are still very white so it's either never been smoked in or they took the time to repaint the interior which is also very nice I see no damage on bulkheads or structural components and Port lights look new I don't see wiring run all over the place despite a lot of add-ons in this boat like the microwave to fans and some speakers all this speaks to a proud and responsible owner who takes the time to do things the right way he mentions the new parts that he installed in the head too and up front we get a v birth with a sort of annoying high school Jim Matt rubberized material upholstering it um plus we get a birth in the back under the port side cockpit bench the engine is said to be in good running condition but no word on hours if you're buying a sub $20,000 boat you can bet the engine hour meter likely hasn't worked in years um so don't plan on knowing the engine hours on cheap boats if you choose to get a survey on this boat you can opt for an additional oil sample analysis being done to give you a better idea of what's going on inside the engine but I would also do a compression test this will give you the best idea of what's going on inside this old Yanmar but it does look very good on the outside they even took the time to put all new insulation around the engine like I said an owner who cares and takes the time to do things right I like it this is a lot of boat for 20 grand and it gives you sleeping accommodation enough weight to be out there on the bad days enough space for the family and an inboard with wheel steering and very well-kept systems on board I can't really fault this boat for anything except maybe the floor and for the price it's very good I know it's old but it looks excellent next up we have a little bit more Rough and Tumble for you the Bristol 299 this is a harof design this is much more than just a lake sailing Hunter I know it's a bit smaller with this boat we're getting into Coastal Cruiser territory with things like a skeg hung Rudder and a keel stepped Mast where the hunter was great for the L this is much more suited for some ocean work the beam on this boat is skinnier by a foot at just 10 ft overall and while Bristol is kind of famous for swing kills this one is not it's a solid fin of 4.33 Ft but the owner has a lot of add-ons from the time they spent cruising on this boat she also comes with a stackpack and lazy Jack she comes with a dinghy some solar panels and a 50 amp solar controller inside this Bristol is very 1978 from the old world woodwork to the upholstery right out of Grandpa's Den good siiz Port lights brighten things up a bit down here and everything looks fairly well-kept I don't see any water damage in this boat or what I would assume to be any soft spots here these old Bristols were 9,000 lb from the factory but I suspect this one will tip the scales at well over 11 they were built heavy with thick glass work and designed to basically last forever as long as you can keep the engine running a sound rig and serviceable sales on her this boat still has a lot of life left in her provided you can live with the old design skinny beam and heavy everything support for this boat will be fairly good because Bristol has a pretty good cult following and they made over 200 of this specific Hull most got an atomic 4 gas engine but this is one of the lucky ones that got the little yanar 15 diesel unit cap siiz formula on this boat is 1.98 putting her well into the ocean Duty territory and Cru Hull speed is 6 and 1/2 knots not the fastest boat out there but a boat that will always get you there I see a lot of Bristol still out cruising the tropics and doing exactly what they were designed to do keeping their owners safe and dry and if the Bristol tickles your fancy you should also check out this cape Dory out on the west coast I'm not going to go down the rabbit hole on this boat because it's so much like the Bristol but I will say cape Dory has one of the best Owners Group out there on their Facebook page if you have a cape Dory you'll always have a warm welcome with these folks who love these old boats the last boat today and the one that I would probably personally be looking for for under 20 grand is going to be a Pearson these guys revolutionize so much of the sailing World by adopting fiberglass early on and changing what yachting really was they brought sailing to the masses and stopped it from being a rich man's game I love a good Pearson this is the 31 and let me tell you these are Nimble and fast and comfortable and this one shines like a new Penny she's got fresh vc17 on the bottom cuz of course she does she's a Pearson and she's been erased she got a new axium chart plotter and was also blessed with a little Yanmar down below the owners took things seriously with all new st60 Ray Marine gadgets and screens and made sure this boat is operational above anything else we actually get a harken roller up front with an asymmetrical to get you moving off the way wind this is why I love a Pearson they make great boats that also happen to sail very very well this boat is super clean very well equipped and looks excellent from all angles great Woodwork and upholstery inside great paintwork outside the rigging looks good sales are serviceable and I can't see any water damage a big note for you on these sub $20,000 boats they're all getting very old now but that doesn't mean bad you can't think of a boat the way you think of a car where the year of it has so much to do with the value boats are more like houses they're made out of materials that last so long and as long as you keep up on the maintenance things like the engine the rigging and the sails they really do last a very long time a boat from the80s still has decades left in it if you pay attention to what kills a boat in the first place namely water intrusion into the core work most older boats are core decks and when water gets into that core the core rots and makes the boat almost worthless unless you want to do a core job which nobody wants to do the next fatal flaw to look for is going to be Keel issues if the ke's bolted on and the bolts are suspect or the ke's trying to separate from the hull I once saw a cal 25 where the Keel would wiggle around in the air while we lifted it with the crane the workload to fix that kind of stuff just makes an old boat not really worth fixing anymore because there are so many other old boats out there on the cheap if you find an older boat like the one we looked at today and you really want to buy it but it needs core work or the Keel bolts are suspect or maybe it needs a mast it might be best just to walk away because there will be another old boat right beside it that may not have those problems it's really a buyer Market on things like this because there are so many of them out there so be patient and don't be afraid to just walk away what would you buy for 20 grand these are just examples of what we see today so if I missed your favorite let everyone know what it is in the comments and why it's your favorite and while you're here don't forget to hit subscribe and give this video a thumbs up if you had fun I'll see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @StellaOverboard [3 likes]: Loved the video! We just got our first sailboat—super excited to start our own journey. Hope to see you out on the water someday!
  2. @PeterKSF [1 likes]: There are some excellent Islander 36s in this price range too.
  3. @BonefishSailing [1 likes]: One key thing I haven't seen you mention is that there are a lot of boat surveyors today that have paid to get a license but have little practical experience. You can get a surveyor license for less than a couple of grand and know very little about boats.

I found a 1979 11m S2 for sale for $25k that has the most MASSIVE solar installation I've ever seen regardless of length (all Victron and built by an electrical engineer). Despite boating and sailing experience going back over 3 decades in my case, I still was interested in getting it surveyed, and a knowledgeable surveyor who turned out not to service my area warned me about how many people had gotten their licenses based upon online courses but had little real world experience. 

I have a little YouTube channel where you can see my experience, ask for advice, and I'd be happy to survey your prospective boat for the price of gas and a free lunch just to keep you safe on the water.
  4. @LSWoOz: Got a Joubert Kaola 24 with trailer, full set of sails (0,1,2,3, Spinnaker and Main) and a Honda BF-15 Eleccy start for $13,500 Aus.

Only major jobs have been getting the bearings and brakes into better condition/ replaced and I need to make up a keel winch bracket because someone in the past thought normal steel is a good idea on a boat... Bugger all, was expecting way more to be wrong/ needed changing.

The lines are looking old and sun damaged but rigging was something I was completely expecting to change for anything that was sitting in the sun unused for the year. All very normal.

I'm very lucky for a first time boat owner came on a beautiful boat, dry and looks indestructible, fell in love 😂
  5. @sailingsvmutiny1762: Great breakdown. Especially good to see deck core and keel bolts getting attention — that’s where a lot of people get caught.

One thing I’ve noticed though (especially in this price range):
it’s usually not the obvious issues that hurt you… it’s what isn’t mentioned in listings or walkthroughs.

Things like:
– how old the standing rigging actually is vs “looks fine”
– partial refits that skip structural work
– systems that work… but are at end-of-life

That’s where budgets quietly double after purchase.
  6. @Mark-f2k5d: Nobody mentions the leather bellows you can't touch, check or fix that sinks the boat at the pier! Imagine that! Not one hint! You have to go sniffing for "insurance" to learn these things and they are legion!
  7. @woodyhill2167: How can I hire you to help my buy  a boat?
  8. @WojciechP915: No no no, take this video down.  I don't need competition for a Cape dory.
  9. @jaapBooij-rz1id: Hello from europe, my advice , never buy a boat with a  balsa deck core, never buy a boat with a bad teak deck  and in general do not buy a  boat with loads of work wich you cannot do by your self . Keep in mind insuring and mooring fees  , costs of hauling out  and yearly  maintenance costs. Rigging and sails are normally gone after 15 years . Teke care and happy sailing 😅❤
  10. @mrunning10: All of this is good, EXCEPT one thing:  don't buy until YOU have a place to park that floating hunk of fiberglass.  Period.  Or you WILL be sorry.  And I mean don't just call around.  Put that deposit down on that slip or mooring ball BEFORE.
  11. @bobdailey9533: Great Video Tim!    Found a 1974 35 ft Hallberg-Rassey on YachtWorld for 30K.      What do you think?
  12. @victorduny9842: A 10k pound boat is a lake boat?
  13. @jkitchenham: I have yet to see a review for the typical "learning" boat.... MacGregor venture 222, a motor sailor but didn't do either very well....but would love to know your opinion on the Tanzer 26(any of the sizes) they have a bit of a cult following on lake Huron. There are over 20 Tanzers at Bayfield marina alone
  14. @JamesJohnson-vy6ji: Great lake sail boats are always. More expensive
  15. @davidm8030: Would you like to buy a $1 boat, lol
  16. @Jon-t4c8q: Can you compare a hermit crab approach (buying successively larger boats) to waiting and getting a bigger one?
  17. @goliathparrots1699: I bought an Australian made blue water racer cruiser. Designed by the legendary Australian maritime architect,  Peter coal.  East coast 31 ft. Wonderful boat. Check them out folks!  Mine will be coming to Florida one day! All the way from Australia 🇦🇺
  18. @Jiggyb00: I'm looking at these now so maybe when I'm older they will be under $10k when I can finally afford one.
  19. @descansa2024: What's the date of this video?
  20. @RomanZetaFunction: Very informative!!!

- WAVY Archive: 1981 Newport News City Budget: Kind: captions Language: en Newport News will operate on a budget of some 88 million four hundred forty two thousand dollars next year according to city manager of Robert Williams that is a six point eight percent increase over the current operating budget and the staff and I have worked very hard to hold this budget at a seven percent or less spending level that was not easily achieved considering double-digit inflation which hiked the costs of everything from salaries and services to working materials Williams says several items in the budget had to be cut in order to stay within the 7% goal when is the school fund request which local funding was requested at 2 million 964 and the recommended budget as presented to the council at this point has a million 344 local funds included Williams says he has laid the bad-news on School Superintendent Oliver Greenwood whom he says was very disappointed in the amount and predicted some programs may have to be cut police fire and other public safety employees will average an 8 percent pay raise next year not including the regular step increase hourly and professional workers will collect 7% and clerical and technical people will see a 6 percent boost changing over from backyard to curbside trash pickup could help save the city some $510,000 next year that and tacking on a $35 service fee for emergency medical runs could help cut up to 9 cents off the dollar 34 cent real estate tax rate the trash collection proposal is guaranteed to meet with an interesting response from citizens especially those who helped vote the same issue down in an advisory referendum a couple of years ago Don Roberts area 10 Eyewitness News Newport News

- Surprising trends in the yachting market: Kind: captions Language: en Overall sales for Q1 are down less than 5%&nbsp; compared to last year. True or false? True.&nbsp;&nbsp; What can you say about days on market so far for&nbsp; inventory in 2026? The time on market as a whole&nbsp;&nbsp; is getting longer, but it varies widely by market&nbsp; segment. Coming out of the Palm Beach Boat Show,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you get the sense that Current Yachts can help&nbsp; buyers with any boat purchase, new or pre-owned?&nbsp;&nbsp; Surprisingly, yes. That is my impression. What&nbsp; was the most impressive yacht that you saw at&nbsp;&nbsp; the show this year? It was the Ocean Walker&nbsp; S60 Power Catamaran. I was not expecting that.&nbsp;&nbsp; It definitely was the best value at the show. [music] Welcome back to the Current Yachts podcast,&nbsp; Full Displacement. We're here today to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about our lessons learned from the Palm Beach&nbsp; International Boat Show that was just a week ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; And we're going to take the opportunity to&nbsp; discuss this first quarter market report&nbsp;&nbsp; that we were able to extract to give you a sense&nbsp; of what's been happening January, February, March.&nbsp;&nbsp; This episode is being recorded on April 5 and I'm&nbsp; here with Austin from the Current Yachts team.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hello Austin. How are you doing today? I'm&nbsp; doing good Maryline. How are you doing?&nbsp;&nbsp; Really good. It's a nice Easter weekend and going&nbsp; to talk about what we saw in Palm Beach first.&nbsp;&nbsp; Care to take the lead on that. What were&nbsp; your thoughts on this year's boat show?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well the Palm Beach Boat show has grown a lot&nbsp; over the years and now it's becoming one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the large boat shows in Florida which I like.&nbsp; This year though was a little bit different.&nbsp;&nbsp; We saw a lot of... for the first time I have to&nbsp; say... I saw a lot of '23 and '24 models for sale&nbsp;&nbsp; at the boat show. It was interesting. What does&nbsp; that tell you? Just that the 2026 inventory hasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; made its way into the dealerships yet. I think it&nbsp; has. I think it has. But I think there's still a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of old inventory left at the dealers cause...&nbsp; we saw during COVID it was the opposite. There was&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing available on the market. There was no&nbsp; inventory. And now we see the boats are getting&nbsp;&nbsp; sticky. They stay at the dealers for a long time.&nbsp; The sale cycle has slowed down and availability is&nbsp;&nbsp; absolutely much better but demand seem to&nbsp; be in slowing down low rates. Hence why the&nbsp;&nbsp; cycle is slow. Yeah, we are most definitely&nbsp; in a buyers market. Nobody can deny this.&nbsp;&nbsp; What we can qualify when we review the data later&nbsp; today is that it's not as drastic a decline as one&nbsp;&nbsp; would think. But can you speak to perhaps what's&nbsp; going to continue to happen this year in terms of&nbsp;&nbsp; advertised discounts? For example, what did you&nbsp; see in Palm Beach? And did that surprise you? Did&nbsp;&nbsp; that seem normal? Is this more discounting than&nbsp; normal? People want to know that. No, I don't see&nbsp;&nbsp; the crisis that some... some people have talked&nbsp; about. What I do see is that during COVID and at&nbsp;&nbsp; the end of COVID, dealers bought a lot of boats.&nbsp; They bought a lot of inventory cause boats were&nbsp;&nbsp; flying off the shelves. So I think many dealers&nbsp; took in a little bit more than they should have&nbsp;&nbsp; and then when the market has come back&nbsp; to normal and maybe slightly below normal&nbsp;&nbsp; and now we have a tariff issue on top of that.&nbsp; I think a lot of dealers are stuck with a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of inventory. But I think this is a temporary&nbsp; issue. We will see it stabilize. I mean as soon&nbsp;&nbsp; as the tariffs come back to somewhat normal these&nbsp; boats will sell. people will be more motivated to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy new boats again. So, I don't see this as a&nbsp; critical warning to us in the boat market, but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just a situation we haven't seen before. Uh,&nbsp; that's really all it is. Discount wise, I think&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're seeing is a natural effect of having a&nbsp; lot of stock. the dealers that are sitting on '22,&nbsp;&nbsp; '23 and '24 models, they would like to sell them&nbsp; and they are offering them close to cost and&nbsp;&nbsp; some dealers are taking a hit and offering&nbsp; them at cost or even below at this point cause&nbsp;&nbsp; I talked to a lot of dealers and there's a lot&nbsp; of... let's say willingness to get this stock sold&nbsp;&nbsp; this spring. It's a huge opportunity for&nbsp; buyers and I don't think any buyer should&nbsp;&nbsp; be worried about buying a 2024 or 2025 even if it&nbsp; has been on a few boat shows. You might have 100&nbsp;&nbsp; hours on the engines because a warranty will not&nbsp; start until the owner takes ownership of the boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning registering the boat. So, every buyer&nbsp; will still get a full warranty on whatever they're&nbsp;&nbsp; buying. Yeah, that that's a good point. And to&nbsp; circle back on the prior episode that we had&nbsp;&nbsp; with Info-Link where we talked about the trends&nbsp; in the market and perhaps days on market getting&nbsp;&nbsp; longer for new inventory. That means that dealers&nbsp; have to start making payments on that inventory,&nbsp;&nbsp; the curtailments as they're called. And when this&nbsp; happens, of course, the motivation to sell is&nbsp;&nbsp; greater than ever. So there are going to be some&nbsp; perhaps in this category. We're not saying that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the case for everybody, but for sure there's going&nbsp; to be more motivation. What specifically have you&nbsp;&nbsp; seen as far as motivation? How did that manifest&nbsp; in this show in Well, yeah, I think you're right.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you're right that dealers are starting&nbsp; to have payments on their stock, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, this is why we're seeing them the&nbsp; willingness to come down in price. But again,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a temporary issue. So, we also see as&nbsp; uh dealers or brokers that um and this is just&nbsp;&nbsp; my impression. I feel like traffic is&nbsp; picking up. We're getting more inquiries&nbsp;&nbsp; on both new and used boats now versus what we&nbsp; got just a month and a half, two months ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; Something is changing. I feel like buyers are&nbsp; coming back. And maybe it's because buyers&nbsp;&nbsp; see it's a buyer market. They now want to take&nbsp; advantage of the opportunity. But no matter what,&nbsp;&nbsp; the discounts are there. the stock is here,&nbsp; so why are we not all taking advantage of it?&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel like buyers should now start considering&nbsp; coming to a dealer like Current Yachts or whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; dealer they're comfortable with to look&nbsp; for a new build, even if it's not in their&nbsp;&nbsp; immediate area. It is an opportunity that might&nbsp; not come again, right? And just to emphasize,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's typically not the norm because a lot of the&nbsp; brands will have established dealer networks and&nbsp;&nbsp; we're definitely not looking to compete and&nbsp; replace those dealers. We're just saying and we're&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing that we've been approached by some of these&nbsp; brands that are saying, "Hey, listen. Uh we're&nbsp;&nbsp; very much hurting on this particular boat. If you&nbsp; can bring us a buyer, we'll work something out."&nbsp;&nbsp; Which is a bit of a switch, right, from what&nbsp; it I would say is the norm. What about I guess&nbsp;&nbsp; dock talk? What have you heard from manufacturer&nbsp; standpoint? I think you had one particular&nbsp;&nbsp; instance or two where you thought this is a little&nbsp; a little new. Do you want to share what that was?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes. Yeah. So, normally when I walk these&nbsp; shows, I see dealers holding on to their&nbsp;&nbsp; brands and they're very hesitant to partner with&nbsp; others or outside dealers, outside brokers. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're seeing the opposite... I saw at this boat&nbsp; show which I have not seen before I see um brands&nbsp;&nbsp; basically now selling direct in addition to having&nbsp; dealer they've kind of gone away from exclusivity&nbsp;&nbsp; they're inviting dealers that have not sold this&nbsp; brand before to take part in the sales process and&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of market the boat to their own clients.&nbsp; So, this is brand new in the industry and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just like I said before, it's another confirmation&nbsp; that we now see a buyer market and I think this is&nbsp;&nbsp; how it should be. Yeah, absolutely. We're going to&nbsp; actually report on those numbers as I was saying&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier. Can you share the one data point you had&nbsp; pulled for us on how many new boats were listed in&nbsp;&nbsp; Florida alone? Do you have that number handy? Yes.&nbsp; So after the show when I got all this impression&nbsp;&nbsp; from the manufacturers and dealers I I was I was&nbsp; a little bit surprised. There must be some numbers&nbsp;&nbsp; here that I have missed. So I went online and I&nbsp; looked for new boats 22 to 60 ft manufactured in&nbsp;&nbsp; '22 to '24 listed as new boats online and just in&nbsp; Florida I found over 600 boats. So that doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; mean that there are 600 boats, some of these boats&nbsp; are listed in a couple of places. So, it will&nbsp;&nbsp; count them too, but it means that there's a lot of&nbsp; new boats from '22, '23, and '24 listed for sale,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is again, it's unheard of. During COVID,&nbsp; you couldn't find a new boat for sale. It was sold&nbsp;&nbsp; before it was shipped from the factory or shipyard&nbsp; in Europe. And now we have a bunch of these&nbsp;&nbsp; listed for sale at local dealers. Yeah. I think&nbsp; what's clear is we are really distancing ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; from that post COVID boom. It's... it's long gone,&nbsp; right? Let's put it this way. So for those sellers&nbsp;&nbsp; who still have the expectations of pulling the&nbsp; highest numbers in the market, it's not going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be there. But for the buyers who are looking&nbsp; for the right deal and the right boat, they will&nbsp;&nbsp; potentially find something really good to meet&nbsp; their needs at a price that's very attractive,&nbsp;&nbsp; more attractive than it has been in probably um 10&nbsp; years, right? Absolutely. I think this is the only&nbsp;&nbsp; time buyers have now the opportunity of reaching&nbsp; out to a dealer or a broker like us and say, "Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; I am looking for such and such. Can you help me&nbsp; find the right boat and the right dealer and work&nbsp;&nbsp; with the dealer for me? And we can secure these&nbsp; buyers a good deal, a full warranty and avoid all&nbsp;&nbsp; the hassle they if they did it themselves. They&nbsp; don't have to sit at the dealer and jump through&nbsp;&nbsp; all the hoops. We can do it all for them. Like I&nbsp; mean, and this has been done in the car market now&nbsp;&nbsp; for a couple of decades and it's becoming the&nbsp; norm of buying a new car. You use a car broke.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now we're seeing the opportunity for new&nbsp; buyers in the boat market. And if I boat buyer,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would absolutely do it. So we're going to get&nbsp; into these numbers next to compare how this first&nbsp;&nbsp; quarter of 2026 has compared to last year. And&nbsp; for those of you who are not familiar, perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; you've worked with the broker and you've seen&nbsp; similar stats before, but in case you haven't,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will explain where the data comes from and&nbsp; give you a little bit of warning too as to&nbsp;&nbsp; how much we can rely on this data. So the majority&nbsp; of boat sales are actually reported directly by&nbsp;&nbsp; dealers and brokers inside of a platform that is&nbsp; advertising the boat for sale on one end. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; the public facing and in the back end allows&nbsp; dealers and brokers to manage inventory. And so&nbsp;&nbsp; you're able to report as you deactivate a listing&nbsp; how much it sold for. And this data is exclusively&nbsp;&nbsp; for your brokers and for them to share with&nbsp; their clients as relevant for say a particular&nbsp;&nbsp; segment or particular model. And it's generally&nbsp; incomplete by a long shot. Why? First of all,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's only broker transactions. You're not&nbsp; going to have, for example, private boat sales,&nbsp;&nbsp; private buyer to private seller. That's just not&nbsp; going to be reported. There is no way for us to&nbsp;&nbsp; guarantee the accuracy of the data. So I'm not&nbsp; saying that there's any incentive for a dealer&nbsp;&nbsp; or a broker to put down incorrect information,&nbsp; but I'm just cautioning the audience here.&nbsp;&nbsp; We cannot verify it. A lot of the time we cannot.&nbsp; Now, if we have a colleague who sold a similar&nbsp;&nbsp; boat to one we have listed and want to check on&nbsp; what exactly came down for this particular deal,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can always make a phone call just&nbsp; like, you know, realtors do all the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; But on a macro level, that data is just as good&nbsp; as we can have it with limited ways to verify it&nbsp;&nbsp; and make it more robust than what we have&nbsp; strictly from the brokerage slice of the market.&nbsp;&nbsp; Another aspect which Austin you can confirm as&nbsp; well from your experience is that new boat sales&nbsp;&nbsp; are notoriously wildly under represented. Is that&nbsp; a fair assessment? Absolutely. I mean especially&nbsp;&nbsp; now these days because now we have manufacturers&nbsp; and dealers they're both selling new bolts and&nbsp;&nbsp; manufacturer have traditionally not really&nbsp; report it at least not in real time.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we will not have that data at all. Uh and&nbsp; should this should this transaction go through&nbsp;&nbsp; a second dealer I mean like if a dealer outside&nbsp; the dealer network buys a boat from a manufacturer&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not certain that they will report the sale.&nbsp; So, we have a lot of unknowns right now and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; really not possible for us to be anywhere near&nbsp; accurate, but we have the numbers we have. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; and from my experience working for different&nbsp; brokers and dealers, I also can tell you that&nbsp;&nbsp; when you have a quote unquote, you know, "canned&nbsp; listing", you don't always go through the trouble&nbsp;&nbsp; of closing that one off and sharing how much that&nbsp; particular home number sold for to duplicate and&nbsp;&nbsp; create a new one. Now you might create a&nbsp; new one to reset days on market and even&nbsp;&nbsp; that is pretty rare. So typically you end up&nbsp; with kind of window shopping for a you know&nbsp;&nbsp; model ABC but we're not going to see every ABC&nbsp; sale reported especially by a new boat dealer.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's just ... that just doesn't happen. So I&nbsp; wanted to caution you as we look at these numbers.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not perfect but it's a good assessment of&nbsp; what we can share. And if anything, it's a really&nbsp;&nbsp; good comparison from one quarter to the next when&nbsp; you compare two years because you are more or less&nbsp;&nbsp; measuring the same thing. Okay, I will share my&nbsp; screen next so we can jump into the numbers. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I I'm sharing with you the report for sales in&nbsp; Q1 of 2026 compared to the prior first quarter of&nbsp;&nbsp; 2025. As you can see, overall there are fewer boat&nbsp; sold um which is driven primarily from new boats.&nbsp;&nbsp; Again, remember the caveat that we we take&nbsp; the data for as good as it can be, but it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not necessarily all-encompassing. So, what we&nbsp; can see here is an overall decline of about 5%&nbsp;&nbsp; in this quarter in terms of units compared to&nbsp; the prior year. Now, what you can see here is&nbsp;&nbsp; that the sold price for a pre-owned boat is going&nbsp; to be about 10-11% less this quarter, Q1 of 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to the same quarter last year. Okay. Now,&nbsp; the median is up. So, again, that would tend to&nbsp;&nbsp; tell us that there's more of the larger boats um&nbsp; based upon the price difference we observe here.&nbsp;&nbsp; But as we come down here, I can also show you&nbsp; that the boat length um came down a little bit.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, what do you make of that? And I haven't&nbsp; actually extracted all the data to show it to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is just a high-level summary. But, um, we're&nbsp; seeing prices go down 11%, let's say, versus a&nbsp;&nbsp; decrease in size that's only really marginal. The&nbsp; length is, let's say, 4% less, right? So, slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller boat, but a much bigger price difference.&nbsp; That would be a softening of the market, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; I would say so. I mean, keep&nbsp; in mind in 2022 to 2024,&nbsp;&nbsp; the availability was low, demand was high. So, a&nbsp; lot of the same boats were worth more at the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; And now we have a different situation. We're&nbsp; starting in 2025 with the situation changed.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was a lot of newer boats on the market that&nbsp; are now coming back for sale. They were bought in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2022, 2023, and 2024, and in 2025. Many of&nbsp; them after COVID came back for sale. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; the statistics will not really work with&nbsp; us and give us a total picture here.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can see that total changes, but&nbsp; we cannot see the hidden numbers.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So it might be a bit difficult to draw&nbsp; an assessment because I don't have the average&nbsp;&nbsp; model year. Uh we can pull this for the next&nbsp; quarterly report that we'll put together.&nbsp;&nbsp; But again high level overall number of units&nbsp; is down about 5% across the board mostly driven&nbsp;&nbsp; by new boats. Uh the price point of boats is&nbsp; down about 11%. And we're seeing that there's&nbsp;&nbsp; there's also a decrease in the boat size as well.&nbsp; Now what's interesting is the days on market and&nbsp;&nbsp; that surprised me because people are saying well&nbsp; the market is really not... supporting, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; higher price points for sellers and boats are&nbsp; sitting and actually what we're finding is the&nbsp;&nbsp; days on market is actually going down. Are sellers&nbsp; less unrealistic in 2026 than they were in 2025?&nbsp;&nbsp; What do you think? I think that um what we're&nbsp; again seeing is that brokers and sellers are being&nbsp;&nbsp; smarter and resetting their listings more often.&nbsp; I think listing time is increasing drastically,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you know as well as I do when someone takes&nbsp; their boat off and makes a new listing and post&nbsp;&nbsp; it again, we start from zero. Yeah. It'd be hard&nbsp; to to think though that people did not do this&nbsp;&nbsp; in Q1 of 2025 either. So, I'm not sure if we can&nbsp; draw that conclusion, but... Thanks for listening&nbsp;&nbsp; this far. We really appreciate it. Make sure to&nbsp; like this video and subscribe so you can see more&nbsp;&nbsp; of it when we publish new content. Now, back to&nbsp; the show.... So, what I have seen is that from&nbsp;&nbsp; early to mid 2025, sellers started to get anxious&nbsp; and so did brokers because many were fearing that&nbsp;&nbsp; we were heading towards a recession. But then it&nbsp; didn't happen or at least it didn't happen yet. So&nbsp;&nbsp; now we have something else to worry about. We&nbsp; have tariffs. We have other things to worry about.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's another metric I wanted to pull&nbsp; from the data that I'm putting on screen&nbsp;&nbsp; now. And it is whether or not boats were&nbsp; open to co-brokerage more in this quarter&nbsp;&nbsp; than last quarter. And what we are seeing&nbsp; is that actually there were more co-brokered&nbsp;&nbsp; boat in the past quarter than there were in&nbsp; that same quarter in 2025. They were more by&nbsp;&nbsp; 8% which is a pretty big number and I I think&nbsp; I know why. Um when things were flying smoothly&nbsp;&nbsp; less brokers were willing to share and but&nbsp; were things really flying off the shelf first&nbsp;&nbsp; quarter of 2025? I don't really think so. No&nbsp; it wasn't but it was the end of the COVID era,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were still selling boats and I feel like&nbsp; a lot of brokerage were still on that train&nbsp;&nbsp; were like ah we can sell it we don't need anyone&nbsp; else blah blah blah we want the whole commission&nbsp;&nbsp; but as things have changed now more brokers are&nbsp; willing to do co-brokerage and I think that's a&nbsp;&nbsp; good thing, that's a... they're doing sellers&nbsp; a service by doing so. Another data point I&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to measure and share is the percentage of&nbsp; sold price as a percentage of list price. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'd have to look at the granular data inside&nbsp; of a segment to verify if this is based off of a&nbsp;&nbsp; already discounted list price or the very original&nbsp; list price. Um, but here overall we're seeing that&nbsp;&nbsp; the sellers are retaining a little bit more of&nbsp; their equity because they are reaching closer to&nbsp;&nbsp; 93% of their asking price compared to 92% in the&nbsp; past quarter for 2025. So Q1 of 2025. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; good news I would say. You know, for a market&nbsp; that's supposedly tanking, that's definitely a&nbsp;&nbsp; good data point. I wanted to next go into some of&nbsp; the class breakdowns to share with you some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; trends we are seeing. If there's one thing we've&nbsp; learned from this podcast with InfoLink last week,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is that not all segments are behaving the same.&nbsp; And what I wanted to show you here through these&nbsp;&nbsp; examples in particular is for a few chosen... what&nbsp; we call classes in the back end of the YachtWorld&nbsp;&nbsp; data, is the segments of powerboats to begin with&nbsp; here. So center console units sold are actually up&nbsp;&nbsp; almost 2.5%. Express cruisers are down almost&nbsp; 2%. Freshwater fishing is up and flying up 20%.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's again speaking to the fact that&nbsp; you're going to see a wide disparity in...&nbsp;&nbsp; in those numbers. What a little bit earlier&nbsp; too when we talked about boat length, length&nbsp;&nbsp; was coming down a little bit. Can this be the&nbsp; reason center consoles & freshwater fishing is up.&nbsp;&nbsp; So people are buying slightly more of those boats.&nbsp; Maybe not less of the other ones but maybe more&nbsp;&nbsp; of these boats and that pulls down the average&nbsp; size. I don't know. Yeah. And in absolute numbers,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? If we're comparing the power cat segment&nbsp; which has only about a 100ish unit sold of course&nbsp;&nbsp; when you go from 110 to 101 this 9 unit represents&nbsp; an 8% drop it's clear that you have to also look&nbsp;&nbsp; at the whole critical mass... to understand the&nbsp; math behind the the changes that we're sharing.&nbsp;&nbsp; The runabouts too are are up significantly&nbsp; which is uh a little bit counter-current&nbsp;&nbsp; to what we've heard from InfoLink on the overall&nbsp; segment performance. Uh saltwater fishing is up,&nbsp;&nbsp; trawlers are up, and I could say that this is&nbsp; something we're noticing too. We're getting a&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot more inquiries on on trawler&nbsp; in long-distance liveaboard vessels.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's an interesting point. And we can also&nbsp; see the time on market um to the right here. So&nbsp;&nbsp; the days on market change um what is suffering the&nbsp; most is actually the runabout and the trawlers.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's very interesting. Perhaps these are the&nbsp; segments where the sellers were least realistic&nbsp;&nbsp; with their pricing. So something to keep keep an&nbsp; eye on. And then just as a side note, uh the sale&nbsp;&nbsp; category as a whole uh is actually smaller than&nbsp; center consoles for example, but we keep an eye&nbsp;&nbsp; on that as well. And we're seeing that the unit&nbsp; count is down 8%. So that's a significant number&nbsp;&nbsp; for all sale. And inside of that segment,&nbsp; the sale catamaran is down nearly 5%. So&nbsp;&nbsp; we're definitely seeing also on the right hand&nbsp; side here a degradation of the days on market. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that kind of tells you again how different those&nbsp; segments behave, right? I mean the boat market is&nbsp;&nbsp; so different than the housing market, the car&nbsp; market. you have the situations and trends,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have fluctuation in needs based on how we're&nbsp; being sold products. So, we always have this&nbsp;&nbsp; change like I've seen this in California too&nbsp; over like 15 years. It's pretty interesting.&nbsp;&nbsp; And another thing I wanted to share was how... if&nbsp; I just show you the data for the days on market&nbsp;&nbsp; data... sold to list ratio, right? So in other&nbsp; words, how much of my asking price am I retaining&nbsp;&nbsp; as a seller? And that number is degrading uh a&nbsp; lot in those power boat segments. We see very few&nbsp;&nbsp; positives and when they're positive, it's not by&nbsp; a lot. So now we're seeing that degradation across&nbsp;&nbsp; the board and in sale uh no one's spared as well,&nbsp; right? So that's you should expect as a seller&nbsp;&nbsp; to see more aggressive offers from buyers. It&nbsp; doesn't mean that this is the only one you'll get,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you're going to see more buyers trying,&nbsp; and that's something to be prepared for.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this provides you data points to make your&nbsp; decisions whether you're looking to list or buy a&nbsp;&nbsp; boat. It's very difficult, right, to have a&nbsp; cohesive data set for these entire segments,&nbsp;&nbsp; put them all together. We're getting directionally&nbsp; a good sign that things are not as dire as some&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps put it, but we are definitely seeing some&nbsp; challenges and some are more severe in some of&nbsp;&nbsp; these classes. So, if there's a particular boat&nbsp; type segment that you'd like to explore with us,&nbsp;&nbsp; let us know. We can actually extract data&nbsp; at the transaction level and show you what&nbsp;&nbsp; we call the comps, right? So, you can see&nbsp; what boats like yours have been selling for.&nbsp;&nbsp; Has that market degraded by how much? What can&nbsp; you expect? We we like to say that we don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; crystal balls. We don't know what the future will&nbsp; bring. We can only see what's happening right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; And by pulling data points from the sold boats&nbsp; data as close to present time as possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; we help you we help you make the best decisions.&nbsp; So to summarize, Palm Beach Boat Show, felt soft,&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely a buyers market. Austin, you're&nbsp; having conversations you haven't had before&nbsp;&nbsp; where we have manufacturers that are a little&nbsp; bit more collaborative with non-dealers to just,&nbsp;&nbsp; hey, bring me a buyer, right? there's more of that&nbsp; anxiety to make that inventory move. Um, and we're&nbsp;&nbsp; also seeing a little bit larger incentives at this&nbsp; present time to try and remove that inventory from&nbsp;&nbsp; the shelf from '23, '24, even '22, you said,&nbsp; right? Yeah. Some '22s are still in the market.&nbsp;&nbsp; Very good. Well, we'll do this analysis again for&nbsp; the next quarter and we'll report back after every&nbsp;&nbsp; major boat show to tell you what we're seeing in&nbsp; the market. Thanks again for tuning in and again,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have questions, the best thing to do&nbsp; is to contact us at hello@currenyachts.com&nbsp;&nbsp; and we can generate a data report specific to&nbsp; your circumstance. We look forward to seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; you on the next one. Thanks for joining&nbsp; us and have a great day. Fair winds!

  Top Comments:
  1. @ebenmarsh9880 [4 likes]: Point taken on buying a 2024 and the warranty.  That said the boat has depreciated and if you attempt  to sell it  say five years down the road you still have a boat on paper that is 7 years old.  I suspect you can sell up the limited hours on engines.  Where is the cross over if any?
  2. @med101-k6q [3 likes]: Always informative!
Enjoy Today!
  3. @tohersfire4242 [1 likes]: Yachts sale are down because must of the rich have already spend their tax deductions from the big beautiful bill.
  4. @amandahaleyyachtbroker [1 likes]: Well done!!
  5. @JeffErdmann: Hey Maryline, I like your professional podcast style.  Something I would add to the discussion is that for most, buying a boat is a highly discretionary purchase, and consumer confidence is a huge driver in the boat/yacht market.
  6. @daviddivad-1809: Do you still use a buyers broker for new boats?

- People come to buy yachts, but 'end up buying real estate' at popular Florida boat show: Kind: captions Language: en So, this is the 66th anniversary of the International Boat Show. As we know, it's the largest boat show in the world, and we're so excited to once again host it. The great thing is that, you know, people sometimes who come here for the first time thinking they're going to buy a boat, and they end up buying a condo, or they end up buying a home, because they realize the experience down here is so unmatched by any other place they've come to visit or or even live in themselves. A gentleman came up to me, never met him before. He said, "Mayor, I just want you to know that I have an investment banking company in New York, and we're moving my entire staff, my entire family to Fort Lauderdale, because we have come to experience what paradise is like here in your city." He said, "And we've already rented our offices, and we're moving everybody down here." And he said, "You people have created a beautiful environment." >> When the boat show comes, everyone's excited, there's a great energy, there's a lot of passion, and people out spending money and buying and going to the restaurants, and, you know, experiencing South Florida and all of the, you know, accoutrements that we have to offer, not just, you know, the boat show. So, it's great for the economy, it's great for South Florida, it's great for the boat sellers and and the manufacturers and the people that are associated with the marine industry. So, it it really it helps everybody. I think that the the crowd and the energy and the demographics of the buyer, you know, it's really it traverses all markets, right? So, you know, when you see the the cultural diversity that come here, it transcends all markets, all demographics, all countries. Uh and it's exciting to see the whole world come here and descend upon South Florida and appreciate what we have to offer and buy their boats. And as I said, many men end up buying here and staying here. Uh their second home or permanent home. So, the atmosphere of the boat show is very exciting. It's It's a week that everybody comes and likes to have fun and look at beautiful yachts. You have over 100,000 people here at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show, and the economic impact on the city is over 1.8 billion dollars. So, people come, they look at yachts, they have fun, they understand our lifestyle, they get to experience properties like this one here at Pier 66, and then of course, they get interested in real estate. So, we have some of the most beautiful real estate in the world. Uh they get to see it, and then they eventually either want to make an investment here in Fort Lauderdale, or they uh look to make it their home. They come to see yachts, but they end up buying real estate. And for us, uh is is that's a huge win, and it's a huge opportunity to really showcase what we're doing, not only in South Florida, but of course, here in Fort Lauderdale as a whole. The boat show has a great energy. Um and South Florida certainly has that same energy, if if not even more. Um so, they correlate perfectly together, um and attracts folks from all different parts of of of the world, um and and brings a ton of excitement, um and and spotlights Fort Lauderdale, uh which is such a growing and unique uh area. Um sitting in between Miami and Palm Beach, um and just a tremendous um opportunity for folks to in Fort Lauderdale to be highlighted. From our our side in the real estate development business and developing this iconic property, uh it just highlights it and brings folks here. You constantly hear more and more people wanting to to come here, and not just vacation here, but really make it a home. I think all of South Florida is experiencing a wonderful renaissance, in particular Fort Lauderdale. Fort Lauderdale has seen an enormous amount of uh population growth, especially among young people. Young people are coming to Fort Lauderdale by the tens of thousands, and it's an amazing migration from all over the all over different parts of the country, whether it be from the Midwest, the North Northeast, even the West Coast, uh California and other places there. Um more and more people that I speak to, I ask, "Why are you coming here?" Because they say, "It's so easy to live here. It's much more reasonable in terms of trying to get ahead economically." And I think that people realize that this is a place that has often been overlooked, but is now very much appreciated. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Starpopper800 [9 likes]: …and not a single word about Florida’s ridiculous real estate taxes & insurance premiums!
  2. @mattp4079 [5 likes]: Pegula bought a $100 million yacht, but the taxpayers of Buffalo are paying for his $1 billion stadium, no referendum, no vote,we're  just paying the bill
  3. @johnbruenn8755 [3 likes]: We cruised through Fort Lauderdale on our Hatteras for the first time a couple months ago. We were impressed! Paradise indeed. What a beautiful city.
  4. @IvyLeagueRedneck [2 likes]: I love the ft Lauderdale down to south beach area.  The condo's are amazing and looked seriously at buying one. But then you factor in the HOA prices and forget about it.  its not even about affordability. Its the principal of paying over a thousand every month for what? a gym you likely wont use. some nice landscaping? any HOA over a couple hundred a month is a deal breaker in my price range for a 2 bed condo in the 500-800k range. I just cant waste money, that's why i have some.
  5. @robertgray323 [2 likes]: Ya that's not what the numbers say dude. Florida is leaking people and billions in tax dollars . But you know Fox news will never give you the truth
  6. @ratherbeflying101 [1 likes]: You better pray the hurricanes stay away
  7. @zBMatt [1 likes]: Yeah “investment banking”. No investment banking CEO is moving their company that deals in knowing people and in person meetings to a place where there are so few big businesses.
  8. @JoeVara-p1s [1 likes]: Nothing great about it fort lauderdale and surrounding towns and cities are hit hard insurance rates are higher than mortgage rates
  9. @B2MAGA [1 likes]: Its all money laundering.  Tons of Ukrainians buying yachts.  What a joke.  Thanks biden
  10. @ponygirl1624 [1 likes]: Theyre destroying the state.
  11. @navajojohn9448 [1 likes]: A lot of bad cop videos from Florida so do your homework before you may become a victim of a graffiti covered tyrant.  Including S. Florida.
  12. @taurusnyy: Is this a paid ad lol so silly , Florida sucks 😅 overpriced, no culture or arts, floridians generally hate each other and dont forget everyone has  a pew pew lol
  13. @simonerulder: Zero information about boats in an item about a boat show
  14. @clobbyhops: Reasonable? 🤔🤔🤔
  15. @darkslatesky: pump it and dump int
  16. @TheBowen747: i came to florida 18 years ago to get a sailboat to live on.. after 18 long hard years  im now a proud owner of a beautiful morgan 41 out islander center cockpit ketch sailboat  just got her last year, now rigging for off grid and to live out at sea....  i sail away in 2027 when i retire...im NOT doing this land bullshit any more.. the cops the code enforcements the tricky dicky police,  im at the pooint now.. that im home before dark every damn day just to avoid the BAD POLICE we have on 2md and and 3rd shift down here.. at 2 miles per hour. they pull you over  wtf man.. did that to me 4 times in 5 years, 4 out of 5 aint bad .. right..  fucking wrong.. they bust you for dui  even if your sobor  wtf is that shit.. anyways the coastguard and navy have more respect for the people on the water then the land police do.. DONT DRINK AND DRIVE AFTER DARK IN FLORIDA    do day drinking, all they worry about during the day is speeders and traffic shit ...... so drive slow and stay between the lines, you should be ok.
  17. @davidkess3750: Art  1:15
  18. @MAGApepe: well a  condo is sure cheaper than a boat lol
  19. @222INFINITY: The people stuck there, who can afford it, vacation in Mexico. Anywhere in Canada or Alaska for the summer, and Mexico in the winter is a real lifestyle. The only  thing I have to do with the US is at 30,000 feet flying over!!!!!!!
  20. @mrcee9318: A lie doesn’t care who tells it

- Yacht Market Reality 2026: Prices, Discounts & Hidden Insights: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, this is Chris Mortimer from Yacht Zero Yacht Acquisition Advisors, where we make sure that our clients buy the right boats at the lowest price and make sure they're told all of the things that a seller or a broker typically doesn't want them to know. We have a tool on our website called the Yacht Calculator, which helps you to determine the true price to buy any yacht. Now, working in the yacht acquisitions aspect of the industry, we see a lot of boats while we're out on the water. You've watched Below Deck and that. You've watched plenty of content online. In fact, I have one client who says, "Chris, I don't watch porn, I just look at boats." And we say, "Okay, man, whatever works for you." And there's some days we get sick of looking at boats. But right now, we are going to share with you what we're seeing out on the water and a little bit of a sneak peek as to some of the analytics and trends that you don't know about. So, here in our first episode, we want to talk about what are the boats, how much do they cost, how much do they cost to charter, what are their special features, the alternatives, and the analytics that you need to know. So, first up on our list is Crash, a 2020 Pershing 8X that we saw while down in Miami. While this boat in particular isn't for sale, we know there's a similar boat on the market asking 5.2 million and a few others available on the market to charter for $8,000 per day. When you look at this chart here of the Pershing 8Xs on the market in the USA, there doesn't appear to be any smoking deals or outliers here, but there is a gigantic gap when you jump to the predecessor model in the Pershing 82 VHPs. When we look at the historical trends, it takes Pershing and these Pershing 8Xs specifically about 2/3 of a year to sell. While this model normally sells at 5.12% below the asking price, where Pershings typically sell about 15% below their ask. While I love and many other buyers of Pershings love how the staircase is recessed into the exterior design to give it a really clean look. The cockpit is a great social layout, and obviously the gray paint, which makes it hot. It makes the boat look like a bullet out on the water. Add that by throwing off the rooster tail off the back, and a Pershing 8X is awesome awesome boat. If you're in the market to buy one of these, you might be considering an Azimut S8, you might be considering a Princess S78, or you might consider looking into something like a 2020 Sunseeker 74 Sportbridge. At number two on our list, we passed by Ambitions in Fort Lauderdale, a 72 Ocean Alexander Pilothouse. While this one is not available to purchase, there's one other similar vintage year OA72 on the market asking 2.35 and a few older ones listed just under $2 million. These boats have a really great open galley concept, a super sleek lower helm, and a really tastefully appointed master bath that you're going to love. As for the numbers on these boats, these 72 models take about double the amount of time to sell as Ocean Alexanders across the board do, and they sell under their asking price below what Ocean Alexanders normally do. I can't really tell you why that is, but we would love if anyone in the comments who's possibly ran them, owned them, or knows anything about it, maybe some of the quirks that make these boats a little tougher to sell. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find anything online about any of these boats that are available for charter, but we do have a lot of information to pass along to you if you are considering buying an Ocean Alexander 72 or an alternative like a Hatteras 75 Panacea, an Outer Reef 72, or a Marlo 70E. At number three, this is our first big boat in the segment, and this is Natural Nine, a 121 Sunseeker that we passed towing its jetski on the way out to a day out on Biscayne Bay in Miami. The boat is currently for sale asking 8 and 1/2 million dollars, and it is available to charter for about 120 thousand dollars a week before expenses. We would love to be the guys to put you into that charter if you are interested in that. What you have to know about this is there's seven other available Sunseeker 121s on the global market, and buyers love the fact that the tri-deck has a jacuzzi. It's one of the shortest, smallest tri-decks you see before you Eclipse 130, and the functionality on the bow of these boats is really unique for a boat in this class. It gives you a ton of volume, and while we look at our advanced analytics available on our website once you finish this video, it gives us some really good insight as to what this boat could really be purchased for. And the same offer goes if you're in the market for something similar like a Sanlorenzo SD126, a Westport 130, or Benetti 121. As for the rest of the numbers on Natural Nine, it looks like it's priced pretty reasonably against the market competition, and it's important to know that these Sunseeker 121s have ended up selling for 19.71% below their asking price after spending about a third of the year on the market. With so many available, we would imagine there might be some negotiation there for you to leverage against the seller. Again, I encourage you to reach out to the Yacht Zero team and use the Yacht Calculator to try and get a better feel for what you should be paying for any boat you're considering buying. At number four, we have another Sunseeker found down in Miami. It's a 2015 Sunseeker 75 named Start Me Up, which interestingly enough seems to be flying a US flag but has a Jamaican hailing port on the back. So, we're a little confused as to what's going on here. A few of our clients have had Sunseeker 75s, and we learned almost all of their goods and all of their bads. And these boats are typically selling around $2 million, and we see that there's a few that can be chartered for $6,000 per day. And to validate that this might be the boat for you, it's definitely some expense worth spending. So, these boats typically take about a half a year to sell, and they end up selling at about 6% under their asking price. They have four staterooms, a nice on-deck galley, and a really great flybridge and functional bow setup as opposed to the older models which just had the sun pad up on the bow. So, if you're in the market to buy one of those, we encourage you to reach out to us. We also encourage you to check out a 75-foot Princess, a Ferretti, or even a 76 Sanlorenzo if you have a little bit more of an Italian flair in you. At number five, we have the Rolls-Royce of American yachting, a Westport 125 named Flamingo Days that we passed while sailing up in Fort Lauderdale. While this beauty isn't for sale or charter, there are three similar Westport 125s all asking north of $22 million. These 125 models tend to go quickly and faster in terms of Westports as a whole, as they take about 118 days to sell and sell about 9.83% below their asking price. The timeless design of the exterior, the salon, the full-beam master are just a few of our favorites, and the fact that some of these Westports look more modern but still contemporary allows them to hold their value very well. If you're in the market for a Westport 125, you got to check out our advanced analytics waiting for you at our website, and we'd be happy to help you with alternative considerations such as a Dutch-built Moonen 124, a Custom Line 127, or even something like a Hargrave 120. The sixth boat on our list is Westport's cousin next door, the Canadian Crescent, and a 2020 named Crescent Lady a 117. She's asking just under 8.5 million dollars, and with not many other options for comparison or charter, the boat has a strikingly modern interior for a North American boat. The galley is uniquely laid out where essentially the galley is running up the side providing for a big seating area on the starboard side. The master's great, and again, the paneling across the entire boat is very very modern. With Crescent not being the biggest household name in the yachting industry, you might want to look into buying something like a Westport 117, a Ferretti Custom Line 120, or a Hargrave 120. The seventh boat on our list as we're sailing in Fort Lauderdale was a little bit in the distance, but it's an incredibly beautiful Dutch-built Mulder named Q43. We don't happen to know much about this boat from what we were able to find online, but we're really intrigued, and we encourage you to check out some of the other Mulders on the market such as Soulmates and Solace, or to even consider chartering Delta One. When we look at the profile and the interior appointments for this pedigree, this is something that within the circles of the yachting community is really special. You say, "Why is it so expensive in comparison to other boats?" Well, the Dutch, when they build their boats, they kill people when they make mistakes on the assembly line. So, big part of that cost is the lawsuits that go into building them. And when you're at the top of the food chain, you tend to appreciate stuff like that. For other builders that might be a little bit more well-known and that we have some more advanced analytics and insights on, you might want to look into a 2023 Moonen 110 called Midnight Saga, the 2016 Feanship 110 called Great Cliffs, or you might even consider a Westport 117 if this is a boat that works for you. The eighth boat in this episode is essentially a Horizon 102 in Fort Lauderdale called Kismet. It's another tri-deck that clients tend to absolutely love. It's probably the smallest tri-deck that is built right now because typically the higher up you go in a smaller frame, it tends to distort comfort and stability on board. While this boat is not for sale, we do see that there's one available to charter for $95,000 a week plus expenses. While Horizon Yachts typically take 231 days to sell, these happen to have only taken 72 days to sell and sell right close to their asking price. So, this is one of those boats that when it comes available, you better be prepared to move very quickly on it. Speaking of moving quickly, it's a big boat that has a fast displacement hull and the bow and the bridge have great functional space and the salon is rather stunning for an Asian-built boat. Whichever Horizon you're looking to buy, let's be sure to look through the numbers in detail on our website. If you are interested in this boat but want alternatives, I would definitely look at the Ocean Alexander 32L, a San Lorenzo 106, or dare we say a Riva Corsaro 102. There's a lot that can be done to ensure that you make the right decision when buying any boat. Be sure to implement checklists, get consultants to tell you what you need to hear, what you want to hear. We really just need you to have a great experience because there's very few people in the world that could afford to enjoy yachting and there's a very prevalent amount of people that get into it that realize that sometimes it's not as good as they hoped it and dreamt it would be because the people around them sometimes make it challenging. So, again, we're trying to put you on the right path, set the right expectations. We want to encourage anyone who's out on the water. We want to see your videos and share them with the world. If you're captain and crew, we appreciate and know how hard the work you do is and if you have owners that trust you in buying a boat, we really want to work with you guys as well to make sure that you could deliver a great experience for the owners. So, this is our first episode of Boats on the Water. We hope you enjoyed it. We really have the best job in the world and we really want to share with the world all of the stuff we get to see because we never want to take it for granted. If you can do me a favor and you can like, comment, and subscribe on this video, that is truly appreciated as more visibility helps my growing team find more people that are looking for really quality sound advisory when buying their boats. If you can, head over our website as well and be sure to use the Yacht Zero Yacht Calculator tool and check out a numerous amount of resources that we have available to people, no matter what boat they're buying, where they're buying it. We just want to make sure that we do a good job so they trust us to buy every yacht they ever have again in their future. So, thanks so much to my team for helping me to make this video. A great group of collective misfits that just want to make sure that people enjoy their time out on the water and they're treated properly. Until next time, happy yachting, my friends.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RacingCane09 [2 likes]: $120k  a week???? Do people really pay that and how often???
  2. @lgriestra [1 likes]: Gracias.
  3. @YachtingReal [1 likes]: Seguramente que habrá brokers que te odian porque vas más que preparado un tu cliente y pones una oferta realista.

- 2026 Global Orders – Market Trends Report – YachtBuying101.com - Reviewing Boat International Data: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the deep dive. It is January 22nd, 2026. The holidays are behind us and uh if you're listening to this, you're probably asking yourself one big question for the year ahead. >> Is this the year? >> Is this the year I finally make the move? We are, of course, talking about the super market. The numbers are out and we have the definitive briefing for you. >> It really is the perfect time to have this conversation. We've just gotten our hands on the 2026 global order book from Boat International, which is, you know, it's basically the industry census. >> It tracks every single yacht over 24 meters being built, right? >> Every single one. And the data this year, um, it tells a really incredible story. >> Yeah, these reports can sometimes feel a bit dry, you know, just stats and figures, but this one feels different. The headline number is just massive. 1,093 superyachts. >> 193. Just think about that. Over a thousand private floating sanctuaries are in the pipeline right now. >> But it's not just the number, is it? It's the uh the mood behind it. >> Exactly. If you just look at the raw data, you might see that 1,093 is technically a small dip. Maybe what 3.9% down from the absolute peak last year. >> And a pessimist would run with that. They'd say the market is contracting. >> They would. But for our clients, for the person who is actually looking to commission a vessel, we need to reframe this completely. This is not a recession. It's a renaissance. >> Renaissance of the sea. I love that. So, let's unpack it. Why is a slight dip actually a green light for a buyer? >> Because it's a return to sanity. And believe me, in this industry, sanity is the ultimate luxury. Think back to the uh the pre- pandemic years, production was hovering around 750, maybe 820 yachts, right? When the frenzy happened, we're still at nearly 1100 yachts. What's disappearing isn't the demand. It's the panic buying, the chaos, the broken supply chains. That's what's evaporating. >> So, the froth is gone. >> Precisely. What's left is a market that's robust, stable, and frankly a lot clearer. The sources are calling it healthy market normalization, >> which is music to the ears of anyone who wants a boat delivered on time and on budget. It feels less like a gamble now. >> It brings clarity back. Okay. And there's one metric in here that I think really proves this is a new golden age for the buyer. >> Okay. >> While the number of hauls is down just a tiny bit, the average volume, the gross tonnage or GT is actually up. >> And this is where it gets really interesting, isn't it? The average volume has jumped 8.7% to 551 gross tons. >> And that number 551GT tells a very specific story. You know, length is vanity, but volume is sanity. Volume is the space you actually live in. the headroom, the width of the cabins. >> Exactly. But there's a very sophisticated game being played just under that average. It's what we call the holy grail of yacht building. >> The 499 GT target. I saw that all over the report. Of the yachts under 500 GT, 156 of them are aiming for exactly 499, not 480. 499. Why? >> Because the moment you hit 500 GT, your world changes. You trigger this massive layer of international maritime regulations >> and all that. >> All of it. It changes your crew requirements, your fire safety systems. It dramatically increases the operational cost and the complexity of the vessel. >> So, by staying at $499, you're getting the absolute maximum luxury while minimizing the headache. >> You've got it. It shows a really educated buyer. They're not just saying build it bigger. They're saying build it smarter. Efficiency is the new status symbol. >> I love that. It's smart ownership. Speaking of smart, another trend that jumped out at me, which I think is a gamecher for anyone listening, is the rise of speculation projects, >> right? 41.8% of the order book is now started on spec. >> Now, in real estate, speculation can be a bit of a dirty word. >> It can be, but in yaching in 2026, it is a service >> because usually custom means wait 5 years. >> Exactly. A few years ago, you were looking at a 2030 delivery if you started today. But the shipyards are so confident in this renaissance, they're funding the early stages themselves. >> So, the hull is already built when you come along. The hull is built, the engines are on order. You can step in right now, customize the entire interior to your taste, and uh take delivery in maybe 18 months instead of four or five >> So, you get that semi-custom experience with well, almost instant gratification. >> Quicker gratification, let's say. It just removes that biggest barrier to entry, which has always been the time. >> That's huge. Okay, so the market's healthy, boats are getting smarter, timelines are shrinking, but where are they being built? Because one country is just dominating this whole conversation. >> Really? >> Absolute hegemony. We're talking about 54% of global production volume. Half of every single superyacht being built on Earth right now is coming out of Italy. >> The scale is just staggering. Over 73,000 ft of yachts in production. And within that, there's one name at the top. >> Azimuth Benetti. For the 26th year in a row, they are the world's top builder. 163 projects on their books. >> 163. That's almost industrial scale luxury. >> It is. And for you, the listener, that means it's a safe harbor. When you buy from a yard with that history, you're buying consistency. You're protecting your resale value. It's the blue chip stock of the ocean. >> But they aren't the only ones. San Lorenzo is right there in second place. And then we have to talk about Turkey. >> Yes, Turkey has really solidified its spot as the number two builder nation. But the story there has changed completely. You know, 10 years ago, Turkey was where you went for a bargain. >> And sometimes the quality uh reflected that. >> Sometimes, yes, but that narrative is dead. >> Today, you have yards like Belgian turning out these high-tech, eco-conscious, fully custom builds that rival anything coming out of Northern Europe. So it's a value for quality play now, not just a cheap play. >> Absolutely. And speaking of Northern Europe, we can't ignore the Netherlands. Their strategy is totally different, right? Their approach is quality over quantity. They are building fewer boats, but my god, they are massive. The average length of a Dutch project is 216 ft. >> Wow. So if Italy is building the beautiful sports cars of the sea, >> the Netherlands is building the wandering estates. There are these complex engineering marvels. If you want to push the absolute boundaries of what's possible, you often end up in Holland. >> So, we have style from the Italians, custom value from the Turks, and pure engineering from the Dutch. But let's pivot to what's inside these boats, because the definition of luxury itself seems to be changing. >> It really is. The buzzword for 2026 is quiet luxury. [laughter] And I don't mean that in the fashion sense. I mean literal quiet. >> This brings us to the tech. We're seeing a real push toward hybrid propulsion. 45 hybrid projects in the book, plus a few fully electric ones. Now, is this just greenwashing? Is it just for bragging rights? >> That might have been the case 5 years ago, but today, this isn't about being green. It's about the experience. It's about silence. >> Explain that. How does a hybrid engine change things for the guests? >> Okay, imagine you're anchored in some pristine bay in the Exumas. Traditionally, to keep the lights on and the AC running, you've got a diesel generator just humming away in the background. It's this constant drone, >> right? You're in paradise, but it sounds like you're parked next to a truck stop. >> Exactly. With these new hybrid systems, you can run the entire hotel load off of battery power. You can sit on deck for hours in absolute silence. All you hear is the water lapping against the hull. >> That is a tangible upgrade. That's luxury you can actually feel. Or I guess not hear. >> That's why it's selling. It creates this seamless, serene experience. >> We're also seeing the rise of multiholes, right? Catamarans are up again. Yeah. Driven by Sunrief who are now number six globally. And this changes the whole architecture of the boat. A catamaran gives you this incredible beam, this width. It feels less like a ship and more like a luxury apartment on the water, >> which for families has to be a huge deal. The stability, the space, >> it's unbeatable for that. Which brings us to the why. Why are people buying these boats in 2026? It seems like the motivation itself is shifting. >> The report calls it intentional ownership. It does. We're moving away from, you know, asset accumulation, just buying a boat to have one, and moving toward purposeful adventure. >> I loved that quote. Buyers want authentic travel experiences. >> The market is steady and calm. The panic is gone. People are buying because they actually want to go places >> and the data supports it. There are 101 expedition or explorer yachts in the order book. >> It's a huge number. >> These are boats designed to go further to Norway, Antarctica, the Galopagos. Owners don't just want to sit in a marina in the Met anymore. They want to show their children the world. >> It's that private floating sanctuary idea. In a world this chaotic, the yacht is the only place you can truly disconnect. We're even seeing 69 sailing yacht projects, which really speaks to that desire to slow down. >> It's about creating a perimeter of peace for your family >> and an explorer yacht lets you take that peace anywhere on the globe. >> Okay, so we have the desire, the tech, the market stability, but let's talk about the financial side. Why is 2026 the financial sweet spot to make this move? >> Look, this is the part that usually gets buried, but it might be the most important factor for our listeners right now. There's a convergence of financial incentives we just haven't seen in a decade. >> It starts with some legislation, right? The one big beautiful bill act. >> A colorful name for a very serious piece of legislation. It restored 100% bonus depreciation for commercial service vessels. >> Okay, break that down. What does commercial service mean here? >> It means if you buy a new yacht and place it into a legitimate charter program, even part-time, it's treated as a business asset. >> And the 100% bonus depreciation >> means you can deduct the entire purchase price against your business income, >> the whole >> the entire purchase price >> in year one. >> In year one, for a high income earner, that is a massive tax shield. It fundamentally changes the economics of the purchase. It's the nudge that's pushing a lot of buyers over the line. >> But there's another layer to this and that's the cost of borrowing. >> Exactly. We've been in this high interest world. But if you look at the forecasts from Goldman Sachs, from the Fed, they're all pointing to a cycle of rate cuts through the first half of this year. >> So, play that out for me. What's the combination? >> It means that money is becoming cheaper to borrow at the exact same moment that these depreciation benefits are at their absolute maximum. It really is a perfect storm in a good way. >> It is. You have yards producing better quality. You have tech making the experience more enjoyable. You have a shift toward meaningful travel. And the financial landscape is basically rolling out the red carpet. >> So 2026 isn't just a good year. It feels like the moment where the technology has finally caught up to the dream and the financials actually make sense. >> I think that's exactly right. The friction is gone. >> Before we wrap, there's one last thought I want to leave everyone with. a statistic we kind of glossed over, but I think it hints at where the very top of this market is heading. >> You're thinking about the big ones, >> the really big ones. We're entering the era of the giggy right now. There are 26 vessels over 100 mters, that's 328 ft being built. That includes the 427 ft project Veila. >> It raises a pretty provocative question, doesn't it? If the average yacht is getting bigger, smarter, and more capable, >> Mhm. >> the question really isn't, should I buy anymore? It's becoming. How far do I want to go? >> An exciting time to be on the water. It really sounds like the stars have finally aligned. >> They certainly have. >> Thank you for diving deep with us today. We will leave you to consult your charts, your tax advisors, and uh your dreams. >> May you stay safe travels. >> For additional information, [music] please feel free to email me at tsmintedyotss.com. Also, feel free to text [music] me at 404859819.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MintedYachts: Boat International's 2026 Global Order Book offers critical insight into new-build pipelines, builder backlogs, and market demand across regions such as Miami, Fort Lauderdale, the Bahamas and the Mediterranean. For a complimentary consultation and a tailored report, visit YachtBuying101.com or reach out to Tony Smith at TS@MintedYachts.com / +1 (404) 805-9819.

- Yacht Maintenance Tips That Will Save You Thousands: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys welcome to captain german exploring youtube channel today we will make a video about how to prepare boat for sailing do you remember we are staying in the linton bay marina by the way we have video about linton bay uh the link will be in the description and somewhere in the video in some of corners uh i would like to remind you that our boat stayed here for five months of course after this big period of time we need to check all the system of our vessel very carefully because you probably know if you don't sell all the system getting directly to hell so uh we need to avoid problems in the future and need to check all the system right now so uh i think we will start with electronics and check our chart plotters and all the system like echo sound wind measurements etc etc so let's start and see what do we have [Music] oh all good so let's check autopilot and engage ok let's go everything is so now we found all electronics are working now is my favorite problem warm-up button is not working because it is all in a salt so we need to do something with it this is a regular problem this button is inside this just cover on top of it so everything what i'm doing now this lubrication it's not a button lubrication it's just lubrication of this cover now it's working now let's check engine oil also i think we need to check oil level in a cell drive full engine is working lever is working joystick is working so now this point we mark as done let's go to the next one let's check water maker and replace water maker filter because i'm pretty sure it's totally dead so i need to replace it do you see this black filter it is a water maker so i think we need to replace it immediately fool not bad not bad guys don't forget inside water maker i have a fresh water because every time after every time we use it we rinse it with a fresh water so we keep a fresh water inside so no barnacles no other bad stuff could be inside the membranes now is very important part after we install a new filter it's 5 micron filter we open a special tap and rinse all the system with the fresh water from a water pump now you you can hear it start to work so it means the water is going through all the system we'll do it maybe a few minutes and after we will open the salty water and start water maker and after we start to do it with the pressure but now we need to remove all the fresh water from a water maker because it could be it could damage membranes if you don't engage regulating valve so it means now we just rinse membrane with a salty water we'll do it one more time indicator said us that the water is a salty water so now uh the water maker sends the water outside but not in a water tank when the water will be good quality it starts to oh yes it means now fresh water is going to tank because it's inside the water maker i have a salinity test so now we checked water maker it works fine we replace a 5 micron membrane and now we are going to the next part we will start our genset so as usual first of all we need to switch a fuse on to check fuel valve and check oil level and after start genset and check if it works or not i hope yes in a port site after cabin we have a management system of gen set so it is a starting gen set button and the fuse so now we'll give the power to gen set now let's go and check a fuel and oil level now we are in a port of cabin uh here in the middle we have a gen set this cumin is on and 6.5 kilowatts in a 220 and in a bottom we have a diesel valve so open valves yes and now check oil level it's full so now we checked oil level and let's start genset and wait for a few minutes so hopefully jet set is working and this part we checked as well we checked main points and now let's check our batteries so i would like to remind you we have lithium batteries 1200 ampere hours now we switched off charging and check voltage on each cell let's do it so what we have i measured everything and i have a difference 0.02 difference in cells so i would say it is a perfect charging of batteries so we have bottom one each cell 345 347 346 346 so and if we check the total voltage 1378 on a one bms and a 1378 equal on another one so we are ready for setting technically we are ready uh one more thing i would like to do is a clean cool because of five months we have a lot of barnacles and something on a hole so i think we need to clean our board i would say uh clean and cool is not my favorite job it's quite difficult task but anyway we did it and now we will sail on a clean boat today i showed you uh what do we check uh before sailing each time so now we are ready we are lucky everything is working and don't forget to subscribe to our channel captain german exploring write comments likes everything welcome

  Top Comments:
  1. @andriizamozhskyi5361 [1 likes]: Viewers can learn English by watching two channels)))
  2. @oleksandrsynkov: Hi. Seacocks sealing damaged can be during prolonged downtime. Are you checking this sealing someway?

- EPISODE 10 | Scaling A Yacht Management Business: Kind: captions Language: en I've been there and I've run all of the boats and I know what it's like and I know what it's like to show up early and I know what it's like to leave late and you know be out and boating all day long and and you know wanting oh we're gonna go back to the dock and then oh never mind let's go over here and anchor it's a tough job and it's always important to me to keep the crew happy all right you want to roll into it let's do it cool thanks for joining me man I appreciate it no problem thanks for having me yeah absolutely all right I'm glad we could time this out I know we've been trying to do this for a couple weeks but thanks for moving stuff around I appreciate it yeah so a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about as we go through this is one how you started the company uh that's always fascinating to me personally but then also kind of the difference as you scaled it from either one or a couple boats whatever you started with to now closing in on 100 I definitely want to ask you what that Journey's been like and what you've had to do to make that sustainable um I want to ask you about why you focus so much on the customer details um I also want to talk to you about digitizing your processes some of the stuff we were talking about yesterday and then uh this trend you're seeing towards smaller Yachts so I got the bullets I'll we'll come back to these but dude how did you get this started um yeah so I uh became a Yacht broker I was always on the service side of things okay for my my whole life you know um my family was always uh in this industry and you know I was always around boats around stuff like that and um you know I would see uh these yacht Brokers pull up when I'm like in the engine room or like you know polishing the top of a boat or something like that and they would like pull up in their nice car and like have a nice shirt on and in the air conditioning and I'm like I want that that's what I want so whatever I gotta do to get that that's what I want to do and um some time went on and I I you know ended up getting out of the Marine industry for a little while um and then jumped back in it and I jumped back in as a Yacht broker and you know I worked for Atlantic yacht and ship they gave me a great opportunity taught me a lot uh you know a couple guys there took me under their wing and um you know I sold some boats and everything like that but you know yacht broking is uh it's a tough game um a really really tough game it's either feast or famine and and it's one of those situations and um I was in a place where I couldn't really afford to just be a Yacht broker and uh you know long story short I was actually talking about this with uh the client I was with before I came here uh he kind of asked me the same question and um did a little interview prep yeah yeah yeah yeah and um you know it was really funny I um I uh uh the guy that brought me into Atlantic out and ship uh very very dear friend of mine that I owe a lot to that gave me a chance believed in me and gave me an opportunity uh I was washing and sort of taking care of his 55 Zealander and I was making 400 bucks a week and I told him I said listen like I need to pay my bills I need to do something because like my family doesn't like help me out with money I don't you know I need it I need to make some money here and so uh I was making 400 bucks a week watching the Zealander you know uh once a week and sort of doing the strainers and checking things and kind of getting the boat ready for him and doing whatever he asked me to do and um you know when I was doing when I was taking care of that boat I really liked it I like felt good about it like I'd accomplished something and that I like can make something look nice and you know when the owners come it's presentable and it's staged and it's you know and it feels good and they're happy about it and all these things and I really like that and um you know one thing led to another long story short uh you know I was introduced to um the owner of Vanquish shots um you know and I was taking care of a couple boats and um you know doing my thing in Fort Lauderdale at the Zealander I had a big uh 80 foot Hatteras um and a few other you know boats like that I think I had a 39 nor Tech at the time um and so I got a call one day and said hey can you come meet the owner or meet meet this guy who's the owner of Vanquish shots and I said um I said yeah no problem and you know a few weeks before that I was doing some stuff on it on a boat and you know they were like oh you got to meet this guy and I'm like yeah whatever you know I'm like sure I hear this all the time yeah you know it sounds good call me whenever you know yep and um so I end up going to meet this guy and and him and I headed off and and still a great friend of mine today and um you know one thing led to another and he approached me uh about a month later I think and said um you know can you uh can you uh put together you know like a proposal for a client I have a brand new 50-foot Vanquish coming in um and uh you know um we'll present it to the client and it's going to be in the Miami Boat Show and this and that and I said yeah no problem and I I put together the first like real like full management YMS program um it's actually uh I actually have it framed okay um but I uh I sent it over and I met the client at the boat show and he looked at it real quick and said you know when can you start and I said right now tomorrow whenever you want you know um so we went through the boat show and that was that was my first uh like you know like I said I was taking care of some other boats and stuff and and doing a lot but this was like my full you know 100 do everything I'm responsible for everything management vote and uh Vanquish is a really big part of of the story and the journey um you know I love the boats I love I love those guys and um you know the owner of the company a great guy and and has done a lot for me and and I I want to say I've helped him out too and and it's just a phenomenal relationship but um you know when when I got that boat it really at the time it was kept in Miami and Miami Beach and it sort of injected me into the Miami Beach and you know Miami yachting scene and you know we would do you know lunch at Sea spice and you know go to Nixon and anchor and do all the stuff and I was running the boat the whole time you know you were the captain on it too I was running it I was doing everything on it washing it cleaning it doing strainers checking systems scheduling service managing the yard periods doing all this stuff and then another Vanquish kit and then you know in between those couple vanquishes I had picked up another couple boats I had a 47 Intrepid then I got another 47 Intrepid um I had a 39 nortec the Zealander I was doing a couple of vanquishes um uh uh and you still have that address at that time yep I still had the Hatteras and it was crazy I always tell my guys like every Thursday it was like a crazy day for me I'd wake up at I don't know four o'clock in the morning go to the Hatteras in Lauderdale do the whole thing wash the whole boat then head to Miami Beach Marina do the 50 Vanquish get all that squared away then go to a 54 Vanquish that I ended up eventually getting it's still down in you know down in Miami Beach the captain's a great friend of mine do that boat and then go to their 39 North Tech and do that boat and I would be done at like seven or eight o'clock at night and that was like my Thursday routine you know um but you know things always even to this day I never I never really like scaled like I never like on purpose like I never I always you know I've rejected a lot of boats and and sometimes I still do if they don't like fit our profile and what we're doing um you know but I've always done things very organically um you know I think I had 11 boats myself by myself that I was doing everything on until I hired my first guy and the only reason that I needed another guy was because it was taking me eight nine hours to do a three or four hour job because I was on the phone all day long dealing with stuff calling taking you know calls from owners scheduling stuff whatever it was troubleshooting this and that um you know and and then I needed a guy I needed I needed it was that that turning point of either I'm gonna stay where I'm at and kind of have eight to ten boats and just kind of chill or I'm gonna take this thing to the next level and you know it's so it's like never enough for me you know like I I I wanted to make the turn to you know because I knew something was there and it was going really well um and you know the guy that I hired was great he still works for me today he runs the entire uh you know Sag Harbor and Hampton's location we have a whole huge Fleet of boats up there um and this guy didn't know how to hold a deck brush you know and I taught him everything he knew he knows and and you know don't get me wrong he's learned a lot on the way from other technicians and people and stuff um you know but but uh I hired this guy and he was just a solid guy you know I gave him something to do I never had to think about it I always had a good attitude never said no um you know and now he's making of extremely good living and and you know really doing a great job and taking care of a whole location for me that I don't even have to talk to the clients other than to say hello and how you doing you um which is great and and I love that you know I love um watching uh you know some of these people grow and and move up in the ranks and you know that started as boat washers but now our managers or you know operations managers or service coordinators or whatever it is um you know I'm very big on promoting from within if you you know show up and you do a great job and you put in the extra time and the extra effort um and uh you know you work hard I'm I'm happy to to move people up you know and that's how I operate because I never nothing was ever really handed to me you um my family didn't help me out with the business you know they I I I tried you know I'm not gonna lie I was like Hey like you know can you throw me some clients or hey can you help me out or introduce me to somebody or whatever it was um but the answer was always no you know and I and now looking back on it I appreciate that because I had to do it on my own and work hard and work every single day and all day and night and put in all the time and effort um and it's really great and it's it's paid off pretty well but you know I I really pay attention to and appreciate the hard work of the team and and what they do um so some time went on and you know then I needed a captain or two you know to run the boats that I wasn't on um I ended up meeting a couple guys um at the uh boat show in Fort Lauderdale um you know in the early days and those guys still you know run with me and run boats for us you know all the time um you know super grateful for the captains and and the stews and all the crew members and everything I tell them that all the time I say it all the time you know um it's it's an extremely important part of the business um it's a it's a big important part of the industry right um and now we have such a great captain and crew Network that it's just like I I don't even know it's it's just the most amazing thing you know like I look on look back today and I'm just like this is amazing you know like these guys and and the the the men and women of the of the crew that that we have is just great at full control of your boat you felt safer eliminated the unknown and you were able to forecast and plan for your boat's upcoming maintenance instead of being caught off guard can you imagine knowing exactly what is installed on your boat down to the part and serial number on all of your standard and custom equipment at a moment's notice having instant access to your manuals while at Doc or at Sea and provide custom departure checklists specifically for your boat and your crew imagine insuring the safety of your vessels and passengers with instant access to send emergency alerts and being able to ensure the value and the pedigree of your boat with digital logs recording the full history of every event on your boat while you can with vessel Vanguard we are the leading maintenance and safety management software in the Marine industry we work with a wide range of marine industry experts including yacht owners captains Ferry and tugbo operators if you're looking to safeguard your assets and preserve your Revenue visit vesselvanguard.com and schedule a demonstration for yourself the link can be found in the show notes below we look forward to supporting you and your vessel soon yeah and and actually knowing what goes into the job itself is a huge part it's a big part of leadership right is actually understanding what the people on the ground are doing day to day yeah so then you're not asking things that are sometimes literally impossible because you're going to get requests from owners that are and you know exactly and and the thing is for me and I and I'd like to think that all my guys know this maybe the new guys not so much but I I try to remind them like I've done every single thing that anyone has ever done in this business that works for YMS I've done I've scheduled every Captain I've placed every crew member I've run every boat I've washed every boat I've cleaned all the engine rooms I've done all the strainers I've you know scheduled all the service I've I've done it all yeah you know I mean there's not one thing that I ask whether it's my assistant whether it's somebody doing an invoice whether it's one of the guys washing the boat whether it's a guy checking on something whether it's scheduling service service whatever it is that I haven't done you know yeah because there was a time where it was just me there was a time there was just me and one other guy and now we have you know a lot of employees and people and everything like that um you know and it's it's great but you know all of those things I either did on my own or or you know had one or two other people doing it alongside me so you know and I think that not only the captain Stu's you know all these people but you know even our direct team they know you know and and like tomorrow morning I'm going to train one of my one of my new guys to you know washing down you know it's cool I don't you know what I mean I'm not above anything you know what I mean whatever it takes just get the job done just get the job done you know we had a captain pull out of a uh um it was actually from here it was the boat was docked right there um it was a 58 Vanquish and um uh and uh the captain pulled out last minute like at 11 o'clock at night for a move-in for a boat show and uh and you know I had something important to do that next morning and that's why I got you know I placed this captain and he pulled out and you know I went and ran the boat to Palm Beach and put it in the boat show you know yeah um and uh you know and that's how I like to operate you know and and run things you know and when did you start the company 2018-ish and that's when you had I had the Zoolander in 2018. okay yeah damn okay so this is five years it's crazy yeah yeah all right so and yeah I see it on Instagram like pretty frequently you guys have another post like oh got another Vanquish see the Pardo's coming like hey got a new customer yeah I feel like I see like one every single day but yeah it's pretty frequently so what's what's that growth been like in a short period of time um no it's it's you know like I said it's all it's all been you know very organic right like you know we get uh and and for a while now we can take on you know a decent amount of boats without like really getting too flustered um with certain things um right now in the Hamptons it's it's absolutely nuts crazy super busy um down here we're busy but we're busy in other ways with a lot of service and stuff like that um but with growing you know like this I mean I knew you know I knew Boats were going to be coming in and I knew like I would you know talk to the Vanquish guys or whoever and I know like 10 I got 10 boats that are potentially going to be ours in the next six months like I need to hire a couple guys get them trained up and then you know go from there right and when it hits you and I think that you know being able to take on this many boats it's a little bit of uh what we talked about um you know the other day you got to be very organized very systematic very organized extremely scheduled and way out in front of everything um and don't get me wrong you know we fall short sometimes you know I'm not and I tell clients this when they're you know on the phone with me and we're talking about uh a management program but uh you know I I tell them look you know I'm a human and so are my guys and we're not perfect and we're perfect a lot of the time but we're not We're not gonna be perfect every single second of the way and sometimes I might make a mistake sometimes I'll probably drop the ball you know just because that's that's it and I'm not here to tell you that I'm the greatest thing to ever walk this Earth because I'm not you know and that's the approach that I take with everything not just in in business but in my life right and so you know growing to you know from 10 boats to 50 boats was pretty natural right like it was you know we just we just keep working we just keep going we just okay now we got to adjust all right now we got 25 boats we got to adjust from what we were doing at 10 boats 30 boats got to adjust from what we were doing at 25 boats right and it's sort of gone that way um you know and and then I got so busy in my own life that I needed help I needed like an assistant to just sort of handle some stuff for me and uh then I I put that in place right and then you know we needed a couple more Wash Guys and systems guys and stuff like that so we got them in place you know and then we promote from within this guy that I hired as as my first guy you know I I you know sort of empowered him and gave him an opportunity in the first season and uh in Sag Harbor where um sort of invited there uh by by a um you know a few people and uh that again gave us an opportunity and believed in us and I went up there with that you know my first guy's name is Mike um me and him ran the entire operation by ourselves just me and him and I had a guy down here sort of handling things I was also managing from there but you know we ran that whole show now he knows what he's supposed to do last season second season he went and did a phenomenal job so that was two years ago and then last season he ran everything so everything solo and then now this year again solo right okay uh so you're so basically when you get these new opportunities you're pretty much in the trenches to help suss out what's going on like going to a new market being how far is that 2 000 miles away from where your home base is yeah going out dealing with what's going on in Sag Harbor The Hamptons like you got to be on the ground to figure out yeah the base level and then you can kind of hand it off because you then you understand what's going on yeah you know I definitely um I don't think it was really intended that way um I didn't really think about it like that it seems to just happen and uh you know sorry of clients like calling and texting me so I didn't like go into it with that thought process okay I went there because I had to because I had to go make it happen okay because you know like Italian yacht group it's a you know really nice Boutique brokerage house here in Fort Lauderdale they also have an office there and the broker there uh Boomer you um gives us a lot of business right and he sold I don't know 25 boats in one summer and you know we delivered all of them and and he said hey I think you you do a good job up here and your services because we were taking care of some boats for his clients and stuff down here and he said uh what do you think about coming to The Hamptons I said I think that's a great idea and uh and you know we uh we hit the ground running and and you know and that's the deal um but I I didn't go there with the intention of all right I'm gonna train this guy I'm gonna get him ready so I don't have to go next summer I went up there because I needed to make sure that those clients and his clients and you know the Vanquish yachts and everybody else that was involved had exactly what they needed right and it just sort of worked out in the other direction where I didn't have to go back the next summer I also had my my daughter and all these different things um so you know I needed to spend some more time at home um and uh Mike's done a a really really uh great job um you know so that's kind of how it went I didn't I didn't like I said I didn't go up there to you know pass it off to somebody I went up there to handle business and get the job done and Mike and I watched every boat did everything I I ran a boat primarily up there the first season and you know for me I try to remain teachable right like I try to to learn right and and I'm I'm not a know it all and I'll tell you like I'm good enough to tell you when I'm not good enough right and and you know I would ask the other captains that have been there and all these other guys you know like hey can let's go for a run around on on one of these boats show me the places show me the things you know show me what to do not not to do whatever um so that way I don't look like an idiot when I'm out with like my client right yeah um and I've never been afraid to ask for help you know um you know I've asked I've asked everyone in my life for help one way or another whether it's you know guidance whether it's whatever you know even the guys we had a meeting this morning and I said if I'm not if I'm doing so if I can do something better for you or whatever it is let me know you know you guys are obviously doing a lot for me and you know whatever it is you know what I mean I'm always looking for a place to improve or you know ways to do better or you know and that's where I think a lot of this you know one to a hundred votes comes from you know asking for help asking for guidance what should I do you know how can I adjust this you know what where can we do better what process can we Implement that's better um you know what products can we use that are more efficient and better for the boats you know whatever it is right sure um but it's you know I I never took the approach of like I'm the man I know about all this look at me I got 30 something boats and I I know how to do this stuff it's never been my nature well it's super rare for that to happen and yachting you know there's not very many egos yeah right but so have you always kind of had that mindset or is this something that you've had to develop over time you know I uh I think it came with with owning the company you know and and and making the right decisions and learning to uh navigate situations accordingly right and and there's been a lot of times where you know I know that all these people that I do business with and and that I help or whatever it is they're not going to steer me in the wrong direction because it doesn't benefit them to steer me in the wrong direction right so you know I'd pick up the phone and say hey what do you think about this like what should we do like and and these are like also their clients I'm like hey sure just talking about it what do you think we're gonna we're gonna adjust this we're gonna change this what do you think about that you know and they're like I think it sounds like a great idea or they're like no it's a terrible idea and this is why and I'm like okay you know yeah um you know so that's that's always really been the approach but um for me um you know it's something that that that I have to practice right it's not something that uh that comes you know supernaturally you know and I have to watch myself and I have to you know see you know because everybody gets on their high horse a little bit if you don't then yeah I know that you are human you know but um and I gotta watch myself with that you know and and and I try to instill the same thing into my guys you know the guys that were washing boats that are now calling the shots and like kind of dial it down a little bit you know take it easy remember you know these guys are here we're all a team we're all here for each other just hired a corporate captain and like technician yesterday and I'm like whatever you need you know I'm here for you whatever you need me to do you know same goes for for for him um and uh and that's always the approach that I try to take to be helpful you know and and how can I help and how can I guide and what can I do to uh help the situation be a solution based person you um I try uh it's not a I'm not perfect at it uh I heard you on the phone before I mean it's that's how this goes but I it's like just for that example just without details it's there's situation that you're dealing with the customer call all but one of the things that actually is not blowing smoke but I was actually kind of impressed by just listening while I'm looking out at these boats you kind of had a sense of you knew what was going on with the entire situation you're basically coaching the client through the situation here's what we've done we did this we know this is going to be the cost here's how they can do it here's what this company is saying they're disputing here's what I'd recommend here's like a path that you can take and then hand it off to us once you get it here and we'll run with it there if that doesn't work we got these Solutions and we'll work it out it was very much like not uh now we're standing what do you want me to do yeah it's it's a it was just like hey we've got the solution boom boom boom here you go here's what's going on yeah and I mean that's that's the deal and you know don't get me wrong I'm gonna give my team a lot of credit for that because they did a lot of phone calls and back-end stuff before I got on the phone with the client um you know but a lot of a lot of the owners you know when you're a brand new boat owner you don't know you know how certain things work with like warranty or whatever it is right like you buy a brand new Pardo right that's not to say you know if your engine breaks down you know it's like with your car right like I buy a new car whatever it's under warranty great my engine something happens and I bring it right back to you know GMC or Ford or Mercedes-Benz or Porsche or whatever it is right so you know that's that's not how it works with boats right if your engine something then it's the engine manufacturer right if something happens during your generator it's the generator manufacturer and you know I try to steer the clients and sort of educate them um on how it works right like yeah no part o will 100 help you out Vanquish will 100 help you out purging all these guys with with doing that but what's going to happen is and this is at least to my understanding is that they're just going to call the dealer for you know Volvo Kohler come and Zone in MTU whatever it is um and get them out there they'll just facilitate it but it's not the Pardo technicians working on your engines it's the Volvo guys right sure um you know so it's the same situation with uh you know with the what I was just dealing with you know and sort of telling him no problem you know but this probably isn't going to be covered under warranty either way you're going to be spending you know x amount of dollars in a captain to bring the boat and the jet ski to wherever it needs to go plus them to come pick it up or you're gonna spend x amount of dollars which is going to end up being the same cost to have you know tow boat US grab your jet ski tow it to the boat ramp and take it out and get it done or me right if I have to go get a jet ski or a tender pull your boat somewhere get in my truck with my trailer haul it out and bring it somewhere still going to be around the same money so you know um but that's the situation right like um we're here to help and advise and do do what you need us to do yeah solve problems like actually give that expert Insight because if they don't know like there's so many moving Parts with all this stuff and like I said it doesn't work the same way so having somebody can actually guide you through it's pretty critical yeah yeah and you know and that's what we're here for right and and yes we're here to maintain the boat we're here to fix things we're here to troubleshoot and wash and detail and do the daily and weekly maintenance and checking and all these other things but we're also here to sort of educate as well uh you know when the time is right like I'm not I'm never going to tell somebody like this is why you're wrong you know yeah um but more the approach of like how can I help you know you understand how this works or whatever it is um because you know for me like I don't know you know like I I wouldn't know if I like just now ever you know had a yacht in my life and it was my first boat that's a three million dollar whatever it is with all these super crazy Advanced Systems and Technology and stuff I I I'd want to get a rundown sort of on on how things go yeah um but we're like I said you know we're we're here to help and advise and and do our direct job of managing and maintaining the boat but I learned early on don't get on the phone until you have a solution um I got chewed out a lot of times you know and one of my clients a long time ago said listen like just some advice don't pick up the phone and call me it wasn't like being like mean about it he was just like you know don't call me until like you have a solution in place because like the problem great but what what are you going to do moving forward right so you that's just uh it's one of those business lessons that you pick up because you're dealing with business people a lot of times yeah yeah they all are and and you know um and they get it you know what I mean you know it's it's a it's a treacherous game because you know it's the toy that they want to have fun with and all this um and we do every single thing possible that I can to make sure that that the toy is working and operating the right way when they want to use it you know what I mean yeah um there's been countless times I've personally been on boats till two o'clock in the morning trying to figure stuff out and you know even my team my guys you know we're this is a we do whatever it takes at all costs no matter what operation right um and uh and that's the deal for us you know there's there's you know I'm sure other companies or people out there that are kind of like nine to five and you know we're not working on the weekends unless it's like a dire emergency and stuff like that it's just not how we operate yeah well one of the things we talked about yesterday too was just uh like attention to detail so you were saying early on from the beginning you'd have like sheets with people's info names like how they like the boat set up yeah info about preferences like who their family is and things like that why was that a key part for you well it goes back to like having a lot of votes right like you you have to have um and I I want to say my my fiance like taught me this because like you know whatever but she said she said uh you know you gotta write things down like you have to like you know she's a business major and you know smart woman and and and she's like this is like how you should do this right and again like I'm a t i feel like I'm a teachable guy and I'll take your advice and if it works out great if it doesn't then it is what it is yeah um and so you know I would always when you have a lot of boats you can't just always like go to the boat or be on the boat because you might be I might be in West Palm Beach on a boat doing something and I have something going on in Miami you know and I need to be able to you know look in my phone quick and or call some one of my team members and say I need this information right now I'm on the phone with diesel services America or Jazz marine or what or whoever uh you know whatever technician or Vanquish or Pardo or whoever these people are and say you know here's the serial number here's the model number this is what's happening this is the code that it threw this is this this is that so that way we can expedite the time of of repair or uh getting them to the boat or addressing something or when I get on the phone with the client I have that solution I know what's going on um you know and I have the rundown of of you know the entire uh you know machine or whatever it is whether it's the engines whether it's you know whatever's going on right um so you know documenting that stuff is always extremely important and keeping it somewhere that's at your fingertips that you can have right away yeah um you know when when I had three boats not so big of a deal yeah whatever because I was there you know most of the time yeah it'd be nice to go on my phone and take a look you know whatever but I was normally like there or right down the street or on the boat already and you know if I was on the phone with somebody's hold on one second go in the engine room you know get the part number the the serial or model number whatever it is and and see you later you know but um I think as and this is just for me and my business and life you know as we grow and and approach a hundred boats um you have to be super super on top of things all the time right because there's a lot more room for failure and a lot more room to you know make a mistake or miss something or forget something or um you know and so when we have that information right there in our phone and every single person that's involved with any sort of calling scheduling organizing whatever has that same information it makes our our life a lot easier and and not only that on the other side of it it makes you know for a quicker repair time or whatever else a lot of the time um you know which you know filters into our level of service and how we care for boats and what we do and our brand and all that right so you know I think digitizing things is super important especially now that we have that technology you know yeah uh 20 30 years ago you know wasn't really an option no we're writing around writing down in notebooks yeah and we have we do we have we have on every single boat we have we have a hard copy like checklists and logs and stuff like that now all that stuff with you know like vessel Vanguard turning into the to you know something that's a little easier to use you always have on you um and that you can access anytime anywhere and and have that information yeah and you start working from the same source of data it's not hey uh well somebody's got this log book and then well can you take me can you send a picture of that and then send it over and then we'll we'll get back to you because and the difference with that too or tell me if I'm wrong on this but the difference between having that info is the difference between that solution for the customer right of hey I know what what part what make model serial number everything is on the boat I'm going to call whoever I need to call service rep whoever it might be figure out the solution I have it scheduled here's the info here's the the dimensions of this here are the hoses here's everything when can you be there I can be there tomorrow morning perfect get that scheduled and then when you call that's the conversation versus hey we know that there's an issue I'm going to send somebody out there now they're going to find out and then I'll call you back in three hours and let you know what the solution is right then and then that guy won't be able to get there until the next day or two days later and they might even have to come back out to the boat to do another measurement or you had the wrong part number or serial number whatever it might be and now we got to order this so the process can go from a quick couple three minutes yeah two weeks exactly yeah yeah I mean uh you know just being proficient and and efficient with things is is good you know you have to look you have to know what you're writing down and you have to understand it and you also have to know you know and and and be able to have that stuff readily available at all times yeah for sure and that helps us with uh you know with the scaling of having this many boats right it's it's it's crazy as it is you know what I mean um and and you know going back to the detail of things right like you know we're we're we provide a service that's so specific to the client that it's like we have to be like I said and very organized you know have everything written down um you know the setups all these you know we're buying the specific brand of water and the specific size water bottle for our clients like you know what I mean times you know right now over 80 votes you have to have these things written down you you you know you won't be able to accomplish it successfully if it's not right um there's just no possible way there's no one person in this world that'll be able to nail it every single time without having something written down you know even even just the little stuff and like I was I was explaining to my guys you know every single thing when it comes to a boat and this is my opinion and again I could be like completely wrong but to me every single thing on a yacht and in yachting is important every single thing what do you mean from you know the way the boat performs how it runs how it looks how it feels how it smells all these different things right so if my engines don't run but my boat's perfectly washed great what what's the point right if my if my you know engines and all my systems are dialed in perfect Flawless running perfect RPMs all these different things and everything is good but the boat's a complete disaster trash mess what's the point right so all of these things have to come together you know and and that's where where a lot of my focus always has been but really is now right with dealing with this many boats every single thing is on a service schedule every single thing is getting looked at every single thing is getting you know some sort of attention whatever it is go in the engine room look around check this check that run this you know um on top of the way the metal is polished on top of the way you know I mean I walk on boats and I've trained my team you know every water bottle needs to be facing the same direction every single thing needs to be when you open something up it needs to look perfectly organized you know because what happens if an owner walks on a boat and you know yeah it's washed really nice you open the refrigerator and there's like nasty food and old drinks and stuff in there the you know yachting is a very like luxurious prestigious thing you know it's not and and the idea when I started YMS was to bring in the 150 200 foot yacht um sort of atmosphere and everything into the 40 and 50 foot boats you know like I guarantee you if you walked out there on that boat right now and opened up their refrigerator and in the galley or wherever or on Deck everything is perfect yeah you know um and that's that's always been the idea uh for me right um you know the way the towels are rolled the way that you know like I just you heard me on the phone make sure that the towels the owner said I want the towels washed the way that it it's laid out on the tag you know what I mean so that's like what we're catering to it's not just like oh willy-nilly I'm gonna go wash the towel see you later bring them back to the boat you know it's it's very like you know organized and and all of that and like I said sometimes we drop the ball you know sometimes and uh and that's gonna happen it's gonna happen to anybody I don't care if you have one boat or a thousand votes it's gonna happen but if you got these systems in place you mitigate that oh yeah yeah yeah we we definitely lessened the room for failure for sure um by staying organized by having I have videos in my phone of how the owners want the boat set up and I have clients that are like I don't care just uncover it and I have clients that are like I want three towels here three towels here you know these Waters in this refrigerator these beers in this refrigerator you know this is the what needs to go these are the towels for the bathroom these are the towels for the exterior you know stuff like that that are all extremely specific I want this ice bucket with this bottle of wine in it when like we were talking about when I arrived to the boat this is how we want and and rightfully so right like we just spent all this money on this boat you pay a lot of money for a management and you know service team and you know you want things that way right um and that's who we cater to right but like I said I have some clients that are just like oh I didn't know you'll uncover my boat for me I'm like yeah just you know let us know we'll be there that's right and um you know uh and we we have to cater to all these different personalities right so by having things written down by having things organized on spreadsheets or schedules or you know software like yours um you know it helps us you know not fail at what we're doing while also making our job in our life a little bit easier along the way right but the most important thing above all is is you know client happiness customer service yeah and stuff like that you know that's why I've been on right yeah just getting things done because it had I have to because I'm for me it's you know I've always said this the success of YMS and and you know the my clients happiness is like life or death for me it's not a game it's not a a little whatever thing it's it's not even a numbers game it's this is I I it needs to succeed or or no good you know yeah um and that's just how that's how I'm I guess I'm wired I don't know but you know that's that's how we've uh that's how I've done it nice well and one of the last things I wanted to talk to you about was this trend towards some of these smaller Yachts the 40 50 foot yachts versus some of these Goliath guys that we're looking out here yeah more so what what's your what's your thoughts on that Trend yeah like we were talking about a little bit the other day I see like a lot of my clients who you know we have a lot of extremely wealthy clients that you know can have you know very big yachts and 150 200 Footers 90 Footers 80 Footers all these things and what I've seen is you know a lot of these people like the client I was just with right he literally just said to me he's like yeah like this is the idea behind having this boat you know I want to be able to just hop on and like go for a cruise with my kids and just hang out and like you know not really have to like have a whole captain and crew and five stewardesses and you know a deckhand and all these first mates and all this stuff um and just to be able to kind of just go cruise around and and spend some private time with like my family and um and I think that a lot you know I think that there's that aspect of it and I think that there's also the you know aggravation aspect of it you know when you're dealing with a smaller boat with less options you know less TVs less nav systems less uh you know ice makers less refrigerators less things that less generators less things that break on boats it's it's a peace of mind thing right and a lot of these guys with you know like the the higher end boats like Vanquish Pardo stuff like that um you know are able to accomplish the same thing that they would on a 80 or 90 foot boat you know and like like I said when we were talking like I'm all for a big yacht I think it's an amazing thing having a jacuzzi in this and big huge stateroom and it's nice and you're sleeping on it and you got a you know big family or a lot of friends or something like that I think it's a an amazing idea right um but there's a lot that goes with that right it's um it's like having a business it's like having another business right you have to deal with the people like your crew you have to you know have payroll you have to have all these different things compliance stuff certain stuff like that um I'm not like a big boat guy I don't try to be but there's there's a lot that goes into that when you can accomplish really the same thing like dinner at Sea spice anchoring at Nixon playing around running around on c-bobs you know whatever the case is having food on board you know and 10 people on board you can do that same exact thing on a 50 Pardo a 58 Vanquish a 45 Vanquish a 43 Pardo uh you know 47 Intrepid stuff like that you know uh you know we have a bunch of uh 47 asthma verbs right like you know they they offer that boat offers TV cooktop ice makers all these different things uh you know a bunch of refrigeration um Sun pads all this stuff that you know a hundred foot yacht offers you know it's obviously a lot smaller a lot more you know uh condensed but um that's that's that's just my opinion and what I'm seeing right like you know I just don't see like a lot of these guys that that can have these huge Yachts a lot of them it's like you know they they it's like cars for them or something like they like to go out and drive it themselves they're like learning about it they like you know understanding the systems like I got a client that just took delivery of a boat two weeks ago I've read the whole owner's manual front to back hmm like you know what I mean like probably knows more about the boat than uh the manufacturer right like it's you know so um you know it's that's just the direction that I'm seeing things go um and and maybe it's just in my direct Fleet and in my clients maybe um you know but it seems it seems to be that a lot of these these uh owners are starting to sort of get away from the bigger Yachts you know um you know I have clients that we just did a trip but I had a captain and crew go over to um the Bahamas for a week on a on a 58 Vanquish and you know they slept in like this nice vill like the owner slept in this huge nice Villa and like all these different things like you know I have clients that have 80 foot boats that don't even sleep on them right she it's like either take the 80 footer or 100 footer versus the 58 and if you're gonna take it there and you're gonna sleep in a villa or do anything like that you have your boat there you go boating all day whatever snorkel dive hang out chill whatever come back and you're going back to your hotel room you know yeah but like I said I have I have uh you know I've had and had I've had and had clients that you know have big boats and love it and sleep on them and have their families and do big trips and all these different things and I think that's amazing and I think that it just goes with like the program of the boat you know like what you're doing where you're going stuff like that but you know just seems to be that people are going towards the the higher end smaller day boats you know more so than ever I don't know if it's a trend or whatever but but uh you know I think it's a good idea you know it's cool it's a lot less stress less hassle less stuff A lot of times cheaper you know things like that plus you you still have a beautiful yacht you know that's awesome um it's just not a 90-foot you know San Lorenzo or whatever yeah so well you can even use them as tenders and actually when we were here filming another interview right there was I don't know it was that it was at least an 80-footer with uh a Vanquish as the tender I'm not sure what size Vanquish but you're sitting right there and you can even use it as a tender I mean and they're they're beautiful yeah like when they're polished up those are slick looking boats yeah yeah they're fun and I'm I'm super grateful because you know we we have such a great relationship with them um you know and we have a new amazing relationship with part of Yachts Miami as well um you know but we we get like the nicest stuff you know we get the the coolest newest you know stuff you know we have we have Wally's we have other stuff you know and and all of our boats you know we've hit like this little uh you know space in the market that um you know we start with a lot of brand new boats right and it's it's great you know a lot of the boats that we have today we've gotten since brand new that are four or five years old you know um and uh and it's awesome you know like seeing like we get excited it's like new it's like Christmas like yeah presents you know coming you know we got I got 20 about 20 boats that are getting delivered between now and the end of the year um you know vanquishes part of stuff like that a bunch of 58's coming in um and uh and it's cool to see like the little changes and the new stuff they do I'm actually going to be going to the factory this summer um you know to see how it all goes down but you know it's cool to see like all the new like little things they're doing like you know just the little stuff like you know oh they added like this carbon fiber deck shower now it's like you know um you know just a little stuff like that it's really cool and um you know learning some of the new systems like when they switch from Raymarine to Garmin and how how that all like sort of works you know and um with their you know cert like their software for the boat uh how you know turning lights on turning pumps on things like that um you know it's it's exciting right and I try to remember that you know um because we could very well be working on you know 15 20 year old stuff that's just kind of like yeah you know um but we're fortunate enough and I'm super grateful to be uh involved with these companies and and being able to you know handle the brand new cool you know uh you know fun toys you know um it's it's it's awesome you know it's great yeah you know well dude thanks for coming and doing this I appreciate it yeah no problem before we wrap up um is there anything else that you want to touch on not really no I think we uh we nailed it nice and uh where can people get a hold of you whether it's Instagram or reach out to you if they want to work with you yeah our Instagram's real big uh definitely Instagram it's YMS underscore FL um my personal number is 754-465-2913 um and then uh you know on Instagram there's you know the link and everything will take you to the website uh yeah mgtservices.com um and uh you know our emails on there as well so um you know pretty pretty easy to reach yeah sweet so and we'll put it in the show notes and everything too but I appreciate it thanks for doing this man definitely awesome thanks for having me thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Frank-ye1ol [1 likes]: Interesting, I am thinking of expanding my Diving Business to do "Total Boat Maintenance". Great Job!

- The Ultimate Guide to Bi-Weekly Maintenance of Your Yacht: Tips for Keeping Your Vessel Shipshape.: Kind: captions Language: en Master bi-weekly Yacht Maintenance embrace the art of bi-weekly maintenance to keep your yacht in Prime condition by conducting regular inspections of the hull engines electrical systems and safety equipment you Safeguard your vessel's performance and Longevity this routine care not only enhances safety and efficiency on the water but also preserves your yacht's value over time dive into the rhythm of Maintenance with precision and dedication ensuring your yacht remains ready for Adventures that lie ahead ready to set sale keep your yacht ship shape with our guide

- LAKE TAHOE TRAVEL GUIDE: 7 Things to Know Before You Go: Kind: captions Language: en this is everything you need to know to go to Lake Tahoe all right let's go the first thing to know is just some general information about Lake Tahoe first I want to start with the lake itself and then we'll talk a little bit about the region so Lake Tahoe is the largest Alpine Lake in the USA it's famous for its Crystal Clear Blue Waters it's located right on the border between California and Nevada actually the Border runs right down the middle of it Lake Tahoe is 22 Mi long and 11 Mi wide it is also the the second deepest lake in the USA now the Lake Tahoe region itself gets about 3 million visitors annually and it has been named by US News and World Report the second best destination to visit in all of California in the summertime people come to Lake Tahoe to go out on the water to go hiking to go golfing to experience nature in the winter Lake Tahoe is a really popular skiing and snowboarding destination as there are over 20 ski resorts around the lake second thing to know is some information to help you get oriented to Lake Tahoe and by the way I'm going to be shooting each one of these scenes at a different part of Tahoe right now I'm at the top of Eagle Rock this is a really neat 15minute hike to get on top of this rock where you can get some of the best views of Lake Tahoe but the first thing you need to know about to help you get oriented is that Lake Tahoe the state line runs right down the middle of the river roughly onethird of the coastline is in Nevada and 2/3 of the coastline is in California but really it's not the states that divide it as much as it is north and south so the north part of Tahoe uh between the I80 and the shore is the more rustic outdoorsy Vibe part uh you'll find a lot of big ski resorts that are up here the South part of Lake Tahoe along the Southshore this is definitely the more developed more urban part of Tahoe you'll find all of the big casinos just on the Nevada state line by the way the town right there is actually called state line but related to this division you'll find when you're going around like if you go into tourist information centers you may pick up a map and it's only of North Lake Tahoe towns or of South Lake Tahoe towns because they really seem to run as two separate entities what's on the east and west side mostly outdoorsy Park Forest sort of stuff but if you're looking for nature then you're definitely going to find it on the East and West Shores now some of the major areas that you'll probably want to check out along the lake starting in the north side is is Incline Village Incline Village is located on the Eastern side of North Lake Tahoe and it features some of the most relaxing beaches and in the winter Diamond Peak ski area is a great familyfriendly ski resort next heading over to the West Kings Beach features kind of like a signature old downtown Vibe public beach hip shops and restaurants is right at the intersection of Highway 267 and 28 making it a perfect spot to start your Lake Tahoe Journey if you're coming in from the Interstate 80 now over in this area there are two big ski resorts North Star is one big all-encompassing ski resort the other one is in Olympic squa Valley this is where the Olympics were held in 1960 really the event that put like Lake Tahoe on the map for the world stage for winter sports uh and a big Resort over here is the everline resort that we'll talk more about in the hotel section now just south of Olympic Valley Tahoe City is the only Outlet of Lake Tahoe that's actually where I started the first part of this video and if you're looking for a place to pick up maps like that North Lake Tahoe map that I showed you the North Lake Tahoe Visitor Center is just right there on the trucky River where it meets the lake and then down in the south in addition to state line and the whole area that's just around that border the other place that you'll might want to head if you're hiking is called Emerald Bay it is definitely the most popular hike in the Lake Tahoe area though this one that I'm at right now Eagle Rock is pretty good too quick note if you are hiking because the elevation here is pretty high uh a hike that seems short might seem a lot longer if you're not used to the High Altitude hiking oh and if you're looking to ski or snowboard in South Lake Tahoe the biggest ski resort down there is Heavenly Valley in addition to ski and snowboarding the gondola Heavenly Valley operates in the summer as a sightseeing gondle to take you up the top of the mountain to see the views or do some hikes but it only operates on the summer on weekends another great Viewpoint if you don't want to do any hiking is off of Route 41 between Incline Village and Reno just a couple miles up the hill like amazing views of Lake Tahoe here you can see like the whole thing and Incline Village down below the third thing to know before you go is about how to get into Lake Tahoe and if you're flying in here the closest airport is going to be Reno Tahoe Airport in Reno Nevada it's about a 45 minute drive from that airport to get to the closest part of Lake Tahoe the northern part it's not a really big airport so there's not a ton of airlines that go in there but if you can that's the closest place to go Southwest Airline tend to be some of the big ones that go there coming in from Las Vegas is the biggest route coming into that airport that's how I got in here and then how do you get from there into Lake Tahoe you can either pick up a rental car or there are some shuttle companies that offer shuttle service from the airport into the Lake Tahoe area the second closest airport is Sacramento International Airport that's a bigger airport so you'll find more flights that go into there it is about a 2hour drive from Sacramento into Lake Tahoe the next close airport is going to be the airports around San Francisco Bay so San Francisco International Oakland and San Jose it is about a 3 and 1/2 hour drive from the San Francisco Bay area and if you're coming in from Los Angeles or Los Vegas expect the drive to take about 8 hours many people also tend to connect Lake Tahoe with a trip to yosity National Park the drive between the two is about 5 hours now if you're coming to Lake Tahoe in the winter there are some special Provisions you'll need to know about driving because if it's snowed recently or it's currently snowing in a snowstorm you're going to need snow chains on your tires in order to drive into to and around Lake Tahoe if you want to know more about driving in the winter or driving in the snow I have a whole video about driving in the winter in the Lake Tahoe all about chain how do you do them when do you need them uh I'll put a little card up here and a link in the description and at the end of this video so you can check that out if winter is your plan to visit because if you're coming in the summer then you really don't care the fourth thing to know is about getting around and most people get around Lake Tahoe by driving around there is one road that'll take you all around Lake Tahoe and I mean it changes names and numbers a few different times but for all intensive purposes if you just stay in the right lane and keep going counterclockwise you will drive a circle around the lake if you were just to drive it non-stop it would take you about 3 hours to go around the whole thing I did say it was a pretty big lake right it is pretty big now if you're coming in the summer you can expect that drive to take even longer cuz it's is a popular place there's going to be traffic when they do construction cuz it's only one lane on either side they've got to close one lane off so plan to spend more time if you're doing a lap around the lake I would plan for a whole day honestly and just kind of stop whenever I see a cool thing by the way where am I right now this is the Taho Vista Recreation Area Little Sandy Beach back there there's a boat launch this is a great place to take a selfie with the lake have a seat uh and even use the public restroom if you need one now if you're going to be doing any hiking I would try to get to your hikes by 10:00 in the morning because the parking lots are very small and they do fill up also do be prepared to pay for parking in many areas most of the hiking parking lots do cost some money to park in the resorts charge exorbitant fees uh so do be aware like if you're going to a resort for dinner or something and you're not staying there check to see if they validate parking somehow with the restaurant because otherwise you might be pigged through the nose hourly to park at the major Resorts around here it's also worth noting that in nighttime there are pretty much no street lights on the streets around here they like to be able to see the nighttime guy and so if driving in kind of total darkness is worrisome to you you might want to try to get to destination before the sun goes down and you'll probably also want to gas up before you get to Lake Tahoe I found gas prices up here to be 15 to 20% more than off the mountain now you might find that in some parts of the drive your cell phone won't have any reception and in that case Google Maps or Apple Maps is not very useful to you unless you've downloaded the offline maps so do download the offline maps before you come so that it can work if you spotty cell phone coverage and it's probably worthwhile carrying a paper map with you as well that you can pick up from one of those tourist information places now another good option to driving is actually cycling there are 50 m of dedicated cycling paths around Lake Tahoe and when I say dedicated I don't mean like they're just part of the road and you ride next to the cars I mean they're completely separate off the road bike lanes and many of them just run right next to the lake beautiful views good way to get around you'll find uh plenty of bike rental plac is scattered all around the lake and surprisingly there actually are some decent public transportation options in Lake Tahoe uh particularly in the north you can take Tahoe Area Regional Transit this is a free bus service that'll take you basically from Incline Village to trucky and then down the South to Meeks Bay connecting to some of the Olympic Valley stuff The Hub of it is the Tahoe City Transit Center right here and also the trucky Mobility Hub over around the Amtrak station and speaking of the Amtrak yes you can actually take the train into Lake Tahoe well into trucky at least where the Amtrak station is on the California zepher line it makes one stop daily in each Direction at the trucky Amtrak station oh and if you're driving around here you should know they definitely love their traffic circles in the Tahoe area if you're not familiar with driving in traffic circles or roundabouts uh the way that they go is you yield to everybody else that's in the circle so if you get to the circle and there's somebody else driving driving around you wait until they're done driving around and then you go in in theory everybody else waits for you it's not a bad idea to slow down when you get up to those other cars but don't stop cuz that might confuse them that you want them to go you don't stop in the in the traffic circle in the traffic circle you keep going you got the right away and you just get out when you're ready or if you don't know where to go just uh just make a few laps in the traffic circle traffic circles roundabouts are also a great way to make a easy legal U-turn the fifth thing to know is about the weather and when to go and a great part about Lake Tahoe is that it is often Sunny there are on average 278 sunny days per year so yes even sunny when you're hitting the ski slopes so let's talk about skiing ski season in Lake Tahoe usually starts in mid November and goes through about mid April I am actually here right now on May 1st there is still snow on the mountains and some of the ski resorts are still open there are 20 ski resorts in total and so you can pick the one that you want to go to but in that winter season from November through about February uh the daytime highs range in about the 30s the nighttime lows are generally in the teens the busiest time of year to come the summer June July August where the daytime Highs are in the high 7s the nighttime lows still cold often in the ' 50s or the 40s so coming in summer you're still even if you're shorts and t-shirt in the day you're going to want to bring some long sleeves and some long pants due to the high Alpine altitude here the night times tend to get very cold all year round now the best seasons to come if you want to avoid the crowds and get the cheapest hotel rates are going to be uh April and May and then October and November why do I say that like hotel rates and we're going to talk about that coming up in the hotel section A little bit more but they can easily be uh four times the price that they are in the shoulder season or the shoulder season can be you know 75% off the reason why is because if you are here in April or May or October and November you can't be too sure exactly what activi is going to be open is there going to be snow is there not going to be snow are the trails going to open are they not going to be open but uh if you're okay with a little bit of a roll of dice and let me see what my vacation is save some money by coming in those shoulder times you should also know being in the mountains it can get really quite windy here and so even though it's like 70° and sunny right now I feel like the wind chill is adding probably another -20 so take that into account when you're deciding whether you need sleeves or not sixth thing to know is about where to stay and the good news is that there are tons of hotels in the Lake Tahoe region from every personal preference whether you want something that's just a small cabin to something that's a high-end luxurious Mega Resort so on the note of high-end luxurious Mega Resorts the one I'm standing at right now is the everline resort this one used to be the Valley Resort but was rebranded in the past year it's now a Hyatt affiliate like a property like this has everything you could want uh a whole bunch of restaurants swimming pools it has its own chairlift to go up the mountain in the summer it has its own big Golf Course lots of swimming pools and if their uh actual skis are closed cuz they are right now when I'm here in May 1st their skis aren't closed the chair lifts are closed uh they provide shuttle service to other ski lifts in the area some other luxurious Resorts that I've enjoyed staying at the Hyatt and Incline Village is where we stayed uh when OC girl and I were here last time that's another great everything Resort that one is right on Lake Tahoe uh and they were really nice we didn't really know how to put the snow chains on our car but the staff at the hotel in the winter when it was snowing they put the snow chains on our car so that's pretty nice uh also nearby in that same area the Ritz Carlton Lake Tahoe is a great luxury resort as well now where I'm staying on this trip actually to save a little bit of money is at the Spring Hill suit in trucky trucky is about 12 mi from Lake Tahoe itself and you get some cheaper hotels over there Spring Hill Suite right now is running about a third of the price of the everline resort uh and I could use some Marriot points actually to stay over there I'll have a full review of that Spring Hill Suites if you want to check it out and if you're looking for one of lug Tahoe's big Casino Resorts you're going to find all of those down in South Lake Tahoe on the Nevada side remember no gambling in California gambling in Nevada so on the south side of Lake Tahoe just on the Nevada side of it you'll find harz B these big casino hotels that have everything that you would expect from a great Nevada style Casino oh now you might also be asking yourself Chris why are you at the everline resort if you're not staying there turns out I was actually here for a conference the California state parks trails and Greenways conference talking on a panel about tech infused trails in particular doing audio guides for Trails uh one of the audio guides we did for this conference was actually an audio tour of this Resort showing the people who are at this conference what the cool things they could see around this place are uh and uh so that's why I'm here so while I didn't stay here I did talk to a lot of people who did and they all really enjoyed it the seven thing to know is about food and food in Lake Tahoe can be pretty expensive particularly if you're eating at the resort areas now if you want something a little bit cheaper the good news is there's a lot of restaurants outside of the resorts and there's a lot of restaurants that have great views uh tons of restaurants situated right on the lake with lake views or for even cheaper and to get off the beaten tourist path a little bit consider a restaurant with a river view this is the trucky river right here I am at Front Street Station Pizza these gigantic slices of pizza were $5.50 each $3 for the drink 14 bucks right here overall a pretty decent pizza but with an even more amazing view oh you'll find the tap water here the water that comes out of the faucet to be really good it's some of the best in the USA you don't need to buy bottled water here but uh but whereare the water fountains generally don't work in the winter they turn them off cuz the pipes freeze and the last thing to know is that I've got even more videos on the area if you're considering a day trip to Reno you might want to watch my Reno guide as soon as it's out I'll put it right here you might want to know about driving in the winter what the Spring Hill Suite in trucky looks like or some of my other videos from the San Francisco Bay area which which is just 3 hours away well fellow explorers as usual I won't say goodbye cuz I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @YellowProductions [7 likes]: ✅ You might enjoy watching my travel guide on Reno, Nevada: https://youtu.be/6nf8EJngXGc
✅ Or how to drive in the winter: https://youtu.be/HnXy77D4Uwk
✅ Or more of my travel guides on nearby San Francisco: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOVadUHX1B-Ld9Pj94hS8laRJW50pS9ZJ
  2. @nikkix3993 [1 likes]: A wonderful, upbeat, very informative video. I would love to drive around that entire Lake, and bike partially. And hike. Lovely video!! 😊👍
  3. @OGkush69x [1 likes]: Ive seen many lake tahoe videos and none were as good as this one. Found this channel when looking at vegas reviews. Love all the actual useful details and tips thank you 💯
  4. @alynettegsu [1 likes]: Wow, this is a great video, with useful info!
  5. @schwaggybammer968 [1 likes]: 1:22 right down the middle of the river!?!?  What TF!?
  6. @philweaver5943: Plz stop luring ppl to our area,,,the crowds are big enough,,,
  7. @manifeststation5354: Lived in my van in South Lake Tahoe for a few years there and North San Juan very beautiful area probably my favorite part of California. It feels the closest to my home town in Tennessee. The people here aren't as rude/disrespect/overall shitty as the folks in The Bay Area
  8. @DamienStanley-i3u: What time tomorrow morning
  9. @DamienStanley-i3u: Morris Jenkins storm you hoe ten 40 million
  10. @DamienStanley-i3u: What happened
  11. @albertvalentincic9928: What about Edgewood Tahoe resort?
  12. @re8746: Do not go to Lake Tahoe when the kids in CA are out of school.    The traffic around LT during the summertime can be maddening.
  13. @Clankaverse: Winter tahoe is a big prepare for it. Donners will close down on the slightest bit of weather, you absolutely need to be prepared for it. It usually clears up quickly but some nights can be very rough
  14. @azbrown821: Besides the video Nice G-Shock
  15. @Janine-q3b8t: Maggie and Seth city of Angels Tahoe where the movie was mad library California Tahoe
  16. @bingram5645: Fredo Corleone is in Lake Tahoe!
  17. @Tahoe2Time: You said the state line runs down the middle of the river, we call it a creek
  18. @toyac9731: THANK YOU.. Your info given is extremely detailed and helpful.
  19. @abnormalusername: Great starting video for planning a trip! Thanks!
  20. @FullsendLLC: So I need chains if I go on Xmas day with travel trailer?

- winter cabin couples trip to lake tahoe | horseback riding, sunset cruise + MORE | thebenetblueprint: Kind: captions Language: en is [Music] this is so cool wait wait wait wait wait you're backing in yeah wait okay [Laughter] um tv count who's playing what room i'm taking upstairs i got it i got upstairs where the bears the wool i need to see y'all to go over the rail look at our view this is nice got a whole deck into our room and then below is our hot tub it is freezing outside but we are literally in the middle of the woods we are in south lake tahoe california sir it's our view from the top trouble little angel inconsistent flying blind most of the time drama queens reading and entangling feathers in her wings captured by her trains desperately just captured by a oh hey there we go all right baby red peppers [Applause] cheers all right everybody it's been nice it's been so scenic all right let's check back in you know we had plans there were things that we were gonna do and then last night we were so tired we just came from flying and our time was like running out so we ended up just staying inside and doing a game night hot tub so nice um so now today there's like a weather advisory like a wind wind weather advisory so now we're just kind of going slow roll out rolled out rolled out money why you still up in the hood i'm just so pretty so breathtaking it's not the pine smell fresh air it just feels so good to be out here how you feeling it's a very beautiful scenery it's not an interview my entire life she said it's not an interview the views is crazy geez the views is crazy we're on a trip going on the trip and our favorite rocket ship going through whoa we're i'm gonna trip you guys it's my fault is there a way to get out right here this whole trailer let's go hey y'all come with us i don't think this is a trail anymore this is not a trail anymore we're headed out with me i'm so excited because i really love snickerdoodle yes cinnamon roll we've never had these i really want a snickerdoodle they didn't have it and it's like i'm trying to get my fall on if i want it cider i want it snickerdoodles what else did i say that i have pumpkin pie peach cobbler ain't got none of it but a hot toddy that was so nasty so round two for hot tub night and slash game night horseback riding today yeah i'm driving okay the boys are in the back today it's really pretty we are now exactly um howdy cowboy all right this is mine oh my god look at the view it's a little shaky right now but you know we'll get there [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're at the coffee shop now we are enjoying some chai lattes we're gonna try vanilla chai last day for the first and then i got a apple coffee cake and a what and a pumpkin pumpkin muffins we just went horseback riding it was so fun did you enjoy yourself babe i did i did it was so good like going to the mountains being one with nature being one of my horses my horse's name was stetson he had a little bit of an attitude but we eventually got together yes had a great time felt so peaceful the guy says that they're now officially cowboys so they can see them writing down uh know this is nice i love on a boat y'all it look very fancy it was very nice but yeah church long yeah a baby so everyone because i am just so damn unlucky i took a tumble she laughed real bad real hard like a cartoon character the real windy upstairs yeah i would just be at the we need your tell the story from the third step all the way down i was upstairs trying to stand up straight this thing i know people of all races it was windy it was up there i was running from a win i was walking down it ain't no excuse i walked down the steps and i'm taking off running that was my first mistake running in these super ass boots and i missed like five cents like a slide yes thank you i come down and i wake up because i was knocked up and i woke up in this man's arm because my boyfriend was nowhere to be found i don't i can't teleport yeah walking down like cool mode trench coat and chardonnay stepped over her like obviously traumatizing but anyways i'm alive i just was embarrassed just a little embarrassed my ego is crushed it was nice wins got up to 95 miles an hour correct oh yeah but i'm alive oh and then when we went downstairs to doctor up my leg it's a 1958 boat correct okay so when we go downstairs i'm using the restroom and the lights just turn off i'm like okay no big deal we'll flicker the lights back on will not turn back on so when we leave out the dang on um hallway is dark we were so scared so we just got up out of there but anyways it was fun see y'all oh thank you thanks you guys look amazing yeah these are beautiful these are oh man these are nice so if you want all fours okay y'all we are now at jimmy's on the lake is this where we're at yeah i don't know jake's on the lake yeah jimmy's jake we're at tonight we will be having game night part three because we did not do anything each night each night is not a game we have failed miserably and then hot tub trying to pack maybe yeah we got a pack and then in the morning we're going to try to hike do a sunrise hike and then be ready to leave so that's it that's the finale yeah yeah you gotta let the marshmallow melt it a little bit more you ate yeah really want to give baby turn more towards me me that's a wrap everybody we're at the airport it is the finale we're about to depart real sad but we had a great time it's yucky weather today anyway but

  Top Comments:
  1. @seannguyen8473 [2 likes]: The scenic routes were breathtaking! It was the music selections and transitions for me 🙈❤️
  2. @brittneyjanell3854 [1 likes]: Love the whole vlog and the scenery is beautiful 😍 where did you get your music from ?
  3. @Yaggievonne40 [1 likes]: This trip looks amazing. The vlogging is 🔥
  4. @ahulk [1 likes]: This vlog is fire I’m here for all fall couple vibes!!!! 🔥🔥🔥
  5. @ahulk [1 likes]: Ayyyeee yoooo drop the playlist! What song is that at the 17:58 min mark?
  6. @theatxplug [1 likes]: This vlog is A++++, im bout to watch this everyday!!
  7. @pslovecaasi [1 likes]: Cozy Vibes🤍✨
  8. @AllAboutAshh: Loveee this vlog😍

- Stuck Boat Anchor In Lake Tahoe: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i'm not excited i've gotta i've gotta get in the habit of filming these categories i was like get your camera i'm like okay yeah you're right so our anchor's stuck on the bottom yes dear okay you gotta wait okay we have another problem in here our anchor's under a rock down there isaiah volunteered to get in i'm exhausted already i'm so tired we've been moving the boat we've gone all around this stupid rock trying to get that scene in avenger in uh cold war when when chris chris evans is like holding the helicopter that's pretty much what i've been doing oh yeah yeah i think you feel like you're stalling can you stop telling about movie scenes and just get in the water it's so cold dude it's 67 degrees why'd you test it anchor real well it's gonna knock the wind out of me i feel like okay well just make sure you get your breath did he try to go to the bottom in one jump yeah what was he thinking [Laughter] i'm thinking about it just give me a second i just couldn't clear my ears because okay i gotta be able to clear my ears when i get down there so it's about 15 okay what 15 feet i can tell yeah pull yourself down with the chain oh my chest is like convulsing it it's really freaking cool breathe deep fill your blood with oxygen pull yourself down by the chain if you want me to show you how to do it later um in a warm pool because i'm giving you instructions oh he kicked the side of the boat why would he kick the side of the boat he got it he got it he got it oh good job aquaman oh okay go ahead go ahead i got you i got it i got you back up oh that's so cool guys oh my gosh look at that backdrop holy cow what are you guys doing now this is awesome look at it oh my god get off of me [Applause] huh hey can i get on too can i get on too so we're in emerald bay on lake tahoe in california it's pretty right beautiful here we hauled that pop-up dock all the way across the country just to use here at lake tahoe um we got it for our boat at home and we're looking for activities to do and we thought this would be a good activity you know it's it's sometimes it's hard because you have large crowds of people and in places and sometimes that goes well sometimes it doesn't you know we went to a music festival and that went really well but you know it's always nice to have an exit plan so sometimes we do have to deal with the sensory issues and situations like that and we knew that this is something that that we all enjoyed anyway so be an easy fit it doesn't make sense to have mountains next to water we don't we don't have that in florida it's so bizarre we're not mountains in florida so even more bizarre cool huh oh yeah it's sand it's nice yeah like gold flake you get rich there's a bug in your hair got it the cold slides save your life goldschlager is this your go to we're on a rescue mission easy the girls are all way over there in the pop board yeah so dad forgot to hook them to the boat i mean i think they drift that fast and then we can get the anchor off and trying to play the parts of the caribbean soundtrack and it's not working perfect good service out here i got to do it he's got the hook to hook him with we're coming work he's laying on mom she's trying to push off on stuff and abby's laying on her all right once we hook them you're gonna throw it full reverse okay yeah you can't get too shallow don't fall off okay that would be hilariously tragic you ever seen moby dick i have the peg leg i'm the piglet guy okay not the sticks okay there's trees are you pushing that way lots keep we're going keep it going right here you got it yeah goal full revenge she's like i don't care what you're doing i got to get them away from that street first that's on you i can't control you you got to push off careful entry hurry silly get in position prepare them prepare to push get in position so it's so hard to move she's not gonna move oh god that's a big old tree too abby watch your head i got it we going to be right around it nice nice rescue mission that's perfect isaiah put that anchor on that tree over there and it would not come off yeah well you've been dropping some angers today all right bring them aboard i'm glad you didn't record what i said earlier looks like you're like why'd you hook it so good i'm like i'm the best hooker and i realized immediately after so good at hooking she like to come rescue me your dinner's ready ma'am oh good she was making dinner for abbin doing dishes yeah i was like well how's the shower yeah i was like i'll take the dogs to the park and abby walk with me and that was a little chaotic bunch of people showed up with their dogs dogs run all over the place these two are like just playing on the opposite sides of the park and then then abby and then and then sandy pooped i had to go clean up sandy's poop and abby's over the picnic table and she's making fast friends with all the people that are there and uh she kept telling one lady she kept tapping her and saying come here she wanted to sit down with her come on yeah ladies and gentlemen she's like that's okay it's like i'll sit down with you that was nice and i sacrificed my hat to lake tahoe today it's somewhere in the middle of lake tahoe flew off my head circle back to get it we never found it i don't have the kind of hair that i can just let do i might put like product in here or something or find another hat which might be easier oh can i steal a chip thanks lentils for the win another pro tip always have something that's quick and easy because abby has a hard time coming back to the camper if we don't stop for food this is like super easy now she's happy it's always nice to have something super easy on those nights you just don't want to you know give a full day but it's charcuterie like that's always easy sandwiches yep that makes a good a good lunch shark for fishery days yeah okay what's your review of lake tahoe i and want to leave that's my review it's nice right i talked to my mom my wings like so when you move in i was like i don't know mom's like she wouldn't move there okay i wouldn't have moved there because my mom it's beautiful though but oh my gosh well now we have my dad donna yeah and my sister and everybody we'll just have to vacation a vacation it's amazing probably the coolest place we've been to i love it like i love it yeah i know i mean it's like sunny and hot but not humidity no humidity like it's perfect yeah it's perfect temperature huge trees the trees are so pretty the water i mean people travel to the caribbean to go see that kind of water like i hope if you live in this area you realize how lucky you are because we live in florida our water does not look like that in jacksonville it it's just insane cool boy that here well that does it for us in truckee lake tahoe area uh it's called coachland it's the name of the rv park it's a great we would recommend it you know that's highly recommend it's not as cool as you know as scenic as the as the free camping and the blm and um you know areas like that but it's very nice for an rv park really it's called coachlin for good reason i think there's a lot of like quarter million dollar motor coaches here a lot so all right we will see you guys in the next one thanks for traveling with us see ya

  Top Comments:
  1. @alvinguzman9985 [1 likes]: Alvinguzman Caro Michigan and how many people are in it would have been doing a lot more work today and tomorrow I love it to get me to you
  2. @karenrjackson884: 💊DRUg MOM DAD ABBIY CMO
  3. @karenrjackson884: NeW YORK  Vantagepress1952 WENDYCOP👮🚨🌍 a m BERAiert
ABBIYCOM  MOM DAD@isaiahmaassa40
  4. @lauradougherty8426: I’m not in the cold water and I am shivering
  5. @josephinebrown7726: That is beautiful i love you  guys ❤
  6. @KarrianneGrove-le5pf: That place looks beautiful
  7. @Kat-fw9se: I don’t know know if you will read this but on that little beach in Emerald’s Bay the gold specks were pyrite. There’s a lot of them at the lake. There are however a couple of active gold mines I believe in South Shore area.
  8. @michellecameron5850: Haha loved the platform fun!  Well done Isaiah on getting the anchor unstuck.
  9. @foreshadowing_panda3928: LOVE that the man that was in the coastguard wont go in to do it but will "instruct"🤣🤣🤣
  10. @annequeen6544: Now y’all got me wanting to go there! It’s very beautiful there!
  11. @CharitysMama: Have you guys gone to the keys?  I went about 15 years ago and oh my gosh the water was gorgeous.  Highly recommend
  12. @jademccardle9074: I love watching yous all xx
  13. @SynsofMusic: He could’ve drowned retrieving the anchor as he was not acclimated to the cold water (taking a deep breath underwater from the cold shock). 
You also did some other boating mistakes. Towing anyone on an inflatable, they need to have a life jacket on (your son wasn’t wearing one). Emerald Bay does not allow the use of towables, and while you were towing the family, there was no spotter in the boat. 
These are basic safety rules. Since it was your first time at Tahoe, you should’ve familiarized yourself with what the rules are and the dangers of cold water. 
Glad you enjoyed your visit, but when boating a new lake or are unfamiliar with waters, get information on rules. Tahoe has a boating app that is very helpful.
  14. @de8852: Please wear sunscreen guys 😭😭, skin cancer isn't to be taken lightly, especially in extremely hot areas with high sun exposure
  15. @MaddieBullock: “I feel like Jason Momoa!” I’m dying! 🤣
“I’m trying to play pirates of the Caribbean… We don’t have good service, I’m gonna have to do it a cappella” Isaiah is cracking me up! 🤣
  16. @shayt543: I love that boat!!!!! This video cracked me up and my families hahahah!!!
  17. @sarahtaylor5870: U crack me up ..if u want me to show u later in a warm pool😂😂😂and then I'm aqua man 😂😂👌...love cilas laugh ...it's one of those laughs that makes u laugh even more..love it cilla haha....even abbys laugh is contiguous 😂😂love all u guys so much and really appreciate all your vids
  18. @joycedellison: One of my favorite videos!!! I love laughing with you!!! You are so deserving and blessed.
  19. @maureenmcleod924: Abbie said oh no you don’t!😂🤣
  20. @Kathyc87: Glad you were here before the fires.

- Couple of Pals Sailing Tahoe: Kind: captions Language: en anytime Oh Captain My Captain dude what are you doing Mercy you big boy [Music] right besides it says nine percent on it no matter what you could try nothing good morning

- The No Stress Way to Get Married: Adventure Elopement in Lake Tahoe with Hike and Sunset Cruise: Kind: captions Language: en ready to get married yeah [Music] I never thought that I could love the sight of anything more than this beautiful view of Lake Tahoe but here you are my best friend my person the love of my life over the years we've heard so much together we've laughed together cried together and supported each other through thick and thin and now we get to write the rest of our life together thank you

- Mussel Ridge 54' Pretti Rose Assembly - Newport Yacht Collaborative: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] on november 17th the pre-constructed accommodations module rolled out of the shed its complex geometry on display laser scans had confirmed its fit with a hull delivered from the builder in main the module which has multiple landing surfaces fit on the first try it lay against the floors in the bilge with the bulkhead snug against the hull sides with a three millimeter tolerance in the foreground you can see the v drive transmission already installed on november 18th the pre-constructed pilot house module was ready to go it holds engine room mechanical bunk and cabin spaces structure includes two inch knife decor for the deck and one inch foam and glass for secondary structure and furniture the galley is finished painted ready for appliances the plywood building jig allowed us to do preliminary layout and fabrication of mechanical systems in this time lapse footage we lower the module into the boat with all plywood stripped away the multiple surfaces fit precisely against the structure in the hull a small amount of trimming was needed to clear the deck flange and then it landed with a perfect snug fit the overall process took less than 90 minutes with both modules in place the boat rolls into the build space to complete the interior and mechanical installations the deck and house arrived and were installed before christmas during that month we leveled the boat and the interior modules were bonded and tabbed to the hull primed and painted painting includes all bilges and mechanical spaces we began to put the hydraulic systems in place painted the bulkheads and installed the remaining interior pieces by the end of december the interior and the house were in place and the aft deck was glued down the 54-footer is now ready for completion for a spring launch

- Best Boats at Newport Boat Show 2025 | Hylas, Beneteau & Lagoon: Kind: captions Language: en It is day one of the Newport Boat Show 2025 and I'm going to take you around and show you some of my favorite boats and see the sites. I'm showing you some of the new tech at the Newport Boat Show and then getting you on board some pretty fantastic yachts, new designs and interesting designs. New boats from Lagoon and Excess Yachts. I'm even taking a look at a few new trwers from Bento, the Swift 54 and the 48. [Music] I'm taking you on a true blue water cruiser, the Hilus 54 with its innovative design >> and a newcomer to the United States, the Kuffner 54. So, let's check out the tech and the new yachts at the Newport Boat Show. All right, before we get into this one, come see me at the Annapolis Boat Show and my new boat. So, hole number three of the make a model of my boat will be on display at the Annapolis Boat Show October 9th through the 12th. I'd love to see you there. There's a link in the description if you'd like to get tickets to the show. It goes to help out all the creators there and you get a discount. I'll have a patron meet up uh with all my patrons and channel members and the Sailing Noodles Navy. We might even take my boat out for sale if we have enough people. My new catamaran hole number three will be there and you can walk through it. If you're interested in actually getting one, you can make a an appointment. There's a link down below for that to make sure you get ample time to go see everything because I'm sure it'll be a bit of a mad house with everybody walking through. Everybody will get a chance to see it. But like if you want like a guided tour by myself and the broker, uh because if you're interested in buying one, be happy to make that happen. So come see me October 9th through the 12th at the Napapolis Boat Show. Links down below and we'll see you there. >> Kind of cool. Here they're starting to see electric sail drives here. You put that in your catamaran. What is that? 15 kow. It's 15 kow. Oh, okay. They got different options. So, this one here is 15 kW, which is pretty good. Uh, I'm not sure what that equates to in horsepower, but I'll put it up there. So, you're seeing a lot of these, you know, dinghy um, you know, outboards that are electric. I'm not sold on those yet. Um, cuz if you got a smaller dinghy, there's, you know, the batter is like basically built into it here. Um, so you would have to either remove this, take it on the boat to charge it, or run a cable out. You know, if you got a bigger dinghy where you have room to put like lots of battery underneath, that might be worth it. But for the smaller dingies, I'm not real sold on it yet. Maybe you just want portability, it works. Interesting. So, Lagoon's making a 38T again. I I thought they stopped those a long time ago. I did the 38footer in Greece not too long ago, and honestly, it was not bad. I mean, for if you want a little more less expensive catamaran, I mean, not way to not a bad way to go. And then you got the excess. I believe the excess is basically a lagoon, but they've made it a little more luxurious and a little more uh speed instead of just bulkiness. But I don't know how I got on this side of the dock, but I'll try to get a walk through on some of this stuff. And then these I've seen a few of these boats here. Interesting. So the whole mast rotates and that way you're always kind of I guess it doesn't have any head sails or No, it does. It's got to be set for some kind of sper or something. I don't know. I'll try to get in and talk to these guys. They call it the Atlantic 70 biplane catamaran. Interesting. All right. So, the key on these is they say it's uh running deep and reaching with no blanketing of one sail or another. So, like that's problem with uh standard rigs is that you know if you got if you're running straight down wind and you got your main up, it's going to blanket your jib or your genoa out front. So, you can't run straight down wind. With this, you rotate both s both spars out, both mass out rather, and then you can run straight down wind. strong winds, you can loft the sails. You can just turn the sail straight into the wind. So, you can kind of, you know, shed some wind if you have to. Interesting. Oh, and then the cockpit's up front. Interesting. I'm gonna see if I can get a little walk through of this. I did get a walk through and even talked to the owner of the boat, although I goofed up on recording and lost that footage. It is an interesting design. A nice large salon. And you actually go forward to the helm station. All the controls run to the helm and they're all electric or on electric furlers. The mast is actually part of the air foil shape of the sail. There's a high bar around the galley and then you step down into the holes. On each hole aft is the head and then forward are two cabins on each side. It's interesting. Yeah. I mean really beamy hole here. I guess it kind of goes out into the center. I'd like to look underneath this boat. But this is what I was wondering here is like cuz you have the the rotating mass because it's freestanding has to go all the way down to the keel. So to get by this one, but this would be just a guest cabin. So this would just be a guest cabin. Um you got to get past the mass, but you know, you're not coming up here very often, but then there's so much more storage up here. All right, we go to the So this has Okay, it's got a real big head on this side. And then I'm going to look at the other side, too. I don't know which one's the master. This there's still a queen size, maybe a king-siz bed here. If it's wet weather outside, you can actually control the boat from the inside. The starboard hole is the mirror image of the port side. >> So both holes are identical there. You got basically two master cabins there. And then you get two guest beds, two ma two VIP master cabins, whatever you call them. And I think they both share a head on each side, but I could be wrong on that. But then I was told that the uh I got to check out the engine room. The engine bay is quite large with standing space all the way around the engine, which makes it easy to work on. >> Pretty cool. Full stand up engine room. And now there's another uh interesting boat next to it with a spinning mass there. But they're both Chris White designs, that's why. But uh pretty cool. These excess here are I I believe they're made by Lagoon and supposed to be their sportier, you know, more luxurious version. Although this one is for sale like this says in stock. I don't know how good of a sign that is if like uh cuz normally it's like a 2-year wait for brand new boats. I don't know what that says about the boating industry right now. Twin helms on this one, one on either side. Only one side on this has a chart plotter. I'm sure you could get it set up however you want. There's no like um fly bridge or even like a quarter bridge or anything like that, but you know, it's more of a performance boat. So, this is a Lagoon 38. Um I'm amazed by how big this trampoline is. It goes all the way back basically to the mast almost. But interesting. It's kind of nice. They're building smaller cats. Seems like the trend for a long time is to go bigger and bigger on the catamarans, which if you can afford it, great. But I mean, it's exponential, right? So, I mean, I don't know. I'll look up how much this Lagoon 38 is and I'll put it on the screen, but I bet you a Lagoon 48 or 46, I don't think they have a 48, 460, whatever they're calling it these days, is probably damn near double the price for 10 ft longer. That's, you know, it's just cuz it's 10, you know, 25% longer, whatever. It's uh normally double the price. Uh it's it's a little exponential there. I like these dragonfly designs, too. The triarins are really fast and they're really nice inside and comfortable. When I was doing the CER, you know, a couple years ago, I was just I thought I was doing it as an interim boat till my new yacht was built, but anyway, long story short, uh I was trying to talk to Dragonfly about doing a deal with him to let me use a boat for three or four months, cruise around, but I don't know, weren't interested. But I would have rather done that than the CRA, but it's pretty cool boat. I like the design of them. There's a lot more power boats here than there are in Annapolis. Uh because Annapolis switches theirs up. So the week before the sailboat show is the motorboat show. Uh, so here it's all combined in one. But nice uh varied boats here. These palm beaches are amazing, but I'm sure they're so expensive. And four or five years, 5 6 years when I'm ready to stop sailing fulltime, I want to get a trwler. And so like one of these Swift trwers would be really nice. They're super beautiful toad. The only downside is it's not a real trwler. I mean, it is. It looks like one, everything, but it's got a 1000 horsepower motor in it, you know, and I would rather have So it they call it the Swift trwler because it gets up and goes, right? because you got 1100 horsepower or whatever it is. Um so, um I'd want a traditional trwler that does seven knots uh rather than 20 or whatever this does. But I still want to walk through it cuz it's beautiful. Although in 5 years, this will still be way on my price range. I don't know how much these are now. Maybe I'll pop it up on the screen. But uh yeah, I'm going to be buying like a 10 or 20 year old trwler in 5 years cuz I mean moneywise, right? I like how you know it's got the platform that lowers. You put your tender on there. This is what I want like about a trwler is you have this aft seating area that's outside that it connects to and this I really like how this opens up. Your traditional trwler just has a door that goes in but this opens up so you get the full I mean it's just such a nice design. I like it a lot. Then you have your galley. So you can be, >> you know, cooking here doing whatever you need to do and still Well, there's a window here. here. I don't know if I'd really want the window there, but you can still see what's going on out back. And then you can connect to the helm station right up here. And then I also like is you got the stairs that go up to the fly bridge. Here at the fly bridge, you can so I don't know if it's 1100 to it's probably 1100 total horsepower. So 550 horsepower each. It's not terrible. Um but you got your throttle controls here, bow thrusters, all that stuff. Your screens. Oh, it's got side thruster controls here. Oh, this is just a little joystick where you can That's what they're doing these days is they're putting the engines and the thrusters. I imagine this has a bow and a stern thruster. So, you have a joystick. So, you're just moving into the dock. So, you move the joystick however you want. And then it does all that stuff automatically. So, docking this thing is a breeze. I always say, you know, the bigger a boat gets, the easier it is to dock, actually, cuz you have more tools at your disposal. So up here on the fly bridge, I mean, perfect hanging out area, you know, because you got that a half step, you know, so the dinghy lift on the back, you know, a lot of times they'll put a crane up here and you put your dinghy back here, but because it's got that lift that comes up on the back for your dinghy, this now is like your barbecue area. And I wonder if you could even put a hot tub up here. I don't know. You have to structurally see if it could support that much weight up here. But, you know, when the weather's great, um, you're up here driving, you know, have a cigar, glass of wine at night, watch whatever, man, it's great. And you can cook. It's got a full g, you know, grill and all that up here. And, you know, if you if I thought the visibility was good down at the helm station, you know, up here it's amazing. You can see the whole thing. I mean, I can't see the stern of the boat from here. Um, so I wonder Oh, but it's got the ship control system. I imagine it's got cameras where I can surely a modern boat like this has cameras. I don't know, but that's what I would definitely do. Or, you know, if it's got a joystick like that, you can get a remote control. So, you can be down like in the aft cockpit like steering the boat. But just I mean, just the view up here is so nice. Realistically, I mean, still I probably can't afford one. They're too expensive. But like right across the way over here, this Katie Krogan that's more of a proper trwler than this. This is what they call a Swift trwler. Um, maybe I'll try to get on that boat, too. Let's go downstairs and look at the living space. The cabins >> you can control. This is just some information in here. Here's your batteries. >> So, imagine forward here would just be a VIP birth. Uh, and then it's probably got its own head here. >> Yeah. Shower here and its own head. Yeah. So, shower and head which connects to this other bunk room. So, you got to share a head with this bunk room uh right here. You see two bursts there. So that's the VIP. You come downstairs, turn right for the VIP. And then you got a bunk room here. Shares ahead there. And then you have the aft master cabin back here with a is that a queen? Looks like a queensiz bed. But you know, you have your um I'm sure hanging lockers here, storage there. Uh let's take a look at the head here. I don't like that this door blocks entry into the Oh, yeah. That's a pain cuz if you're trying if this door's open, somebody come in and do that. That's not a great design in my opinion. I think you should reverse these doors or something. But then, you know, >> well, >> not bad. I I honestly expected I mean, I like it a lot. I like the living space and everything. The the the the cabins here are for a 54 ft boat. I would This is good space right here. Actually, I like this. This is fine. The bathroom is a little small for my opinion. Like it's got this big makeup counter over here. I would rather have seen the bathroom expanded a little bit bigger. >> Um cuz that's a small bathroom, you know? >> It's only got, you know, one sink there. I'd rather see double sinks and like a bigger shower, maybe even a separate toilet. So the toilet is like its own room. So somebody can be using the somebody can be using the toilet while somebody else is doing their makeup or taking a shower as is. Now, if somebody's wanting to take a shower while you're using the toilet, I'd rather have separate rooms for that. >> And I'm assuming >> they >> Okay. Well, there is a washerd dryer under here. >> All right. That is a Swift Troller 54. So, I like this too. Being able to walk out the helm station, walk up front here, and you got a sun pad and seating area, you know. So, they got a camera here. I'm ass cameras in the back, too. Or can you draw? Oh, you can know. Okay. It's got these little Ah, okay. So, you you can dock the boat from back here. It's got a little joystick. Like I said before, the joystick controls the throttles, the thrusters, all that stuff. So, you can be back here. You can be back here docking the boat and see everything as you're doing it. And from just right here. All right. Now, we're done with the swift trolley. I'm just going to go real quickly. I'm not going to spend as much time on this one, but I'll go through the 48T. So, 6 feet shorter. I'm sure it's considerably less expensive. Again, I like that it has a dinghy lift open up here. It's a little bit smaller area. You have to come outside to get to the helm station rather that um fly bridge, but it does open up. So, you got the aft seating aft cockpit area here and then it opens up into the salon and your galleys right here. It's amazing how 6 ft makes such a big difference. Like that's a 54. This is a 48, but this boat is so much smaller than the other one. I mean, this would be fine. like I would totally enjoy having something like this. Uh no joystick, just throttles and all that stuff there. Um coming down to the cabins here, you've got bunk room. Uh probably has to have a head here with a shower. Um is that its own head or is this another cabin over here? Okay, another VIP cabin. Um wow. I mean, it's like a full-size bed, but to get in there, you got to like get down in here and crawl. If you're like sleeping on that side and you got to get to go to the bathroom in the night, you're crawling over somebody to get there. But that's just the secondary cabin, right? So, this would be the master cabin up forward. Um, kind of half walkounds. Man, it's such a difference. Like, and then the cabin. So, toilet and shower pretty small. And then this side. Um, okay. whatever it it's I can't I mean that's just such a huge difference like six feet this boat is so much smaller. Let's go up front real quick and then we'll go upstairs. No table or anything. You just got uh sun pad and then yeah I mean it's amazing how much smaller this boat is. All right let's go upstairs to the fly bridge and then we'll go somewhere else. So, no aft controls here built in, but you can see a little better here. So, the helm station here can see down here. And I don't know about up there. So, let's go upstairs. But I but you do have to come outside. So, the other one you just go inside up, but whatever. Not a huge difference um upstairs on this boat versus the other one. Not a huge difference. Side. I mean, it's obviously the other one's a little bit bigger, but has basically the same kind of layout, although the other one comes with Does this one have a grill? >> Yes. Okay. Um, this one has a grill and you know, you can still see very well up here. Although having this Eisen glass down, I really don't. This is kind of either it's cheaper eising glass. I'd rather have I mean this is I mean this is brand new and looking through the eyes and glass everything already looks distorted. So I don't like that. I'd rather This is just cheap eising glass. I'd rather have something else than this. That is the Swiftler 48. Um I will go wander. It's you know it's about lunch time now. I think I'll get lunch and then uh my battery is getting low on this. So, I wasn't really planning to make this a fulltime, you know, full video of the Newport Boat Show, but I guess I kind of will now. So, my battery is a little low on this. I didn't charge it all the way. So, I don't know. I'll walk around, see what else I can find. If my battery runs out, then maybe I'll stick around and film a little bit tomorrow, too. I was planning to head to Block Island tomorrow, but maybe I'll stick around. If you want a proper blue water trwler, in my opinion, you can't go much can't go wrong with the Katie Krogan here. Katy Krogan, I mean, this thing's solid. It's a tank that'll go around the world. Um, that one is built more for comfort and speed, the the Swift trwlers, and this is built for long range cruising. You notice how like the dinghy is up on the on the high deck out of the way. You know, it's fine for most conditions on the swift trwler over there having the lift on the back for the dinghy, but like in a proper big seas, you know, that dingy's at risk cuz it's going to be in the swell breaking over it. Whereas this won't happen. But it's harder to get up there cuz you got to use the crane to raise that thing way up there. you know, that thing is a good 15 ft um above the water and so getting it up there is not an easy task. If you look at all the doors there, it's like a proper waterproof bulkhead type thing, you know, with, you know, locks on it and everything. All right, I'm going to go take you on a tour one more boat here before I go get lunch. It's the Hilus 57. It's kind of their new flagship. I've been trying to do a deal with High forever, but they're like a old school familyrun business and like they just won't get on board with the whole YouTube thing. Um, so if you do like the highlesses like I do, reach and you reach out to them about buying one, uh, make sure you told them you saw it on sailing doodles so they get the point like, "Hey, this this kind of marketing really works." Anyway, so Highless yachts, uh, I mean just if you want like premium premier world cruising, bluewater sailboats, monohos, can't do much better than Hilus. You know, there's they're built in Taiwan. Taiwan is known for some being some of the best ship builders in the world. So, my old CT56 was built in Taiwan. Just the quality and the craftsmanship on their boats is pretty amazing. This is the Hilus 57. Um, I'll take you on a quick walk through real quick. I tell you, this this I mean, I'm just blown away. I don't I didn't even know this was a feature on here. So, the folding transom and then these steps fold up. I mean, it looks like a huge yacht. You know how the big yachts have that opening up? This is really cool. Thing I like about the Helms is they've actually got it properly. So, you got the carbon fiber wheels and all that. It's nice and light. But, uh, so you have full controls on either side of the helm, which is nice. And then, of course, these seats will I'm not going to mess with it, but it'll flip back so you can look after. And you got these little, you know, transom seats and then nice Davids here. So, pretty comfortable. I I mean, this boat for sailing around. Got the hard top biminy. Um, pretty nice. I'm sure there's some kind of dodger you can, you know, put around to do all that, but it's nice. The boat was quite busy, so I wasn't able to get a proper panoramic view of the cockpit, but it has kind of a mix between a center cockpit and an a cockpit. It's very innovative. >> I was able to head down below and get that mostly to myself. drinking. What's your drinking? >> That's what I really like about my CT is just this salon has such an amazing usable, comfortable space for entertaining. You could easily have 10 people in here hanging out, having a nice dinner or whatever you want to do. Um, and uh, but let me get some more B-roll here before people come down. But coming forward, you have, you know, your VIP cabin here. um which is pretty nice and big. And then over here you have a bunk here with washer dryer underneath and storage. Uh the forward cabins have to share a head. You get access from either inside the VIP cabin or out in the hallway and then a nice dry head and holds the door. When you push in, it rotates and you can pull it free and then you come back in and it locks. And now it won't interesting. All right. Uh the mast here. Let's come down into the galley and aft cabin real quick. Huge galley. Um, you know, just beautiful countertops. Nice deep sink. Um, you have refrigeration there, refrigeration, oven here, full refrigeration there, and you know, gimbled stove and microwave, all that stuff. Lots of usable space in here. So, you come through the galley and you get back to this huge master cabin. You have seti on the side. Um, you know, if you you would, I'm sure, have a big screen TV there if you want, but king-size bed. Um, you know, you have storage lockers behind the door here and behind the door over there. More storage in these cabinets as well. But full walk around and then that's kind of the cool thing. I didn't even notice that. So, like you most time you pull on the side of the bed like this little cutout here, so I can still stand up and be full height and it's just slightly sunk in here above the bed. Um, and then you got little straps here for maybe extracurricular activities in bed, whatever. You got some hooks. Wow. I mean, like, what are these hooks for? Somebody's going to have some fun. You got hooks all the way around the bed. I'm just saying. And then your your uh uh let's see here. Your master head here. I mean, I'd still like to see two sinks and a separate um door here for the uh you know, like a I'd like I'd still like to have a separate um if possible um like room for the toilet so somebody can be showering or doing whatever while somebody's on the toilet. But all right, so this is the master cabin. And then let me take you around to the um engine room on the other side. This would be your chart table area and you know um you got all extra charts and then your that's what Hil is really well known for is just the organization of their electrical. So if you I'm not going to open the panel up but like all the wiring back there is labeled. So you know wherever you find a wire labeled like L38, right? You know that that wire runs to this back here and you can look it up in the schematics and then all your breakers and everything are in one place. So then if you need to get at something, you need to do something right now. It's got physical switches which is I which I like. Um even my new cats got this I forget what the system's called where you use the chart plotter basically to turn switches on and off. I prefer like when all else fails you have physical switches that you can turn on and off and instead of a screen that you have to your hands are wet or something like that. And then so it has 150 horsepower Volvo Penta and then I'm assuming generator somewhere. I don't know. Um, but you know, I can walk around their generator's right in front of me. So, you can get out of here and then walk around behind it. And, you know, uh, yeah, I mean, you can get at the working sides of the motor pretty good. I'm assuming like your dipstick and all that's on this side of the the motor. And then your fuel filters and all that. So you can see it's got uh so it's got the red dye. So they've gotten red dye somewhere in America and it still dyed or not dyed. I don't know where they got that fuel. So So in America they dye fuel. Um you know red dye is for like marine and maybe I don't know what the different color dyes are, but they can tell where you got your fuel. So that way if like you're running red dye fuel in a vehicle like a car, uh they know you you got it illegally and you didn't pay the right tax. But all right, here we go. And I'm assuming that's your water manifold and your water pump. So easy to get all that stuff. Like that's pain for my boat right now is like if I need to change my water manifolds, I got to pull up the floor and do that here. I just open that or I just open the door and there it is. And a big water heater. So this is Kuffner Yachts. This is their 54 for just under 700,000. I'm going to take you on a quick walk through. Uh the the guys that are running the it's the first boat over here. So, they brought they're built in Croatia. Uh spec design type boats. You can have one in as little as three months. And the guys that run it are are viewers of mine. So, I figured I'd put them in the show. So, I'll walk up now and give you a little tour. All right. You got a little folding transom here. Makes it easy to get on and off. And steps on either side with the grill out the back. That's kind of nice. And the big open cockpit here with the dodger all that stepping around. It's kind of nice. You can step up over this rather than over the seating, which is nice. Um, dual helms and with tarp plotters on each side, which is I like. And you got autopilot controls on just this side. So, engine controls on this on the starboard side and then on the port side. Nope. Okay. Nice wide cockpit here for entertaining and all that. And off the back, it's kind of nice having the folding transom. And so you got your all the lines run here and they go underneath the coach roof so that you can hang out on the deck instead of you know so normally you'd have lines going there and so you wouldn't be able to put as many day beds and all that. So let's kind of go up on this side here. Uh so since all the lines go underneath now you have this whole area to hang out on which is quite nice. Um and then big for 54T this has a lot of deck space. Um, I mean, way more than mine. And it's I think it's definitely beamier than mine, too. But that's pretty nice. Um, all right. Let's walk downstairs and then I don't see anybody in here. And then I'll show you some more. >> Hey, how's it going? >> Good. How are you? >> Don't mind me. Just getting some uh B-roll here. >> Yep. No mind at all. >> All right. Wow. It's a It's actually quite a lot of lounge space in here. Yeah, that's a very common response when people come down that companion way. >> I Yeah, I mean like you have two giant tables with, you know, satis all the way around. You don't just don't see that very often. >> Yeah. I mean, she can sleep 13, so you also got to be able to feed them, >> right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. All right. They come up here to the galley then. Speaking of feeding them, >> this is one of Todd's innovations in air design is this forward galley. >> Doing the G forward. Really opens up the main. >> Yeah, for sure. Cuz most time it's on the side or something. Yeah. >> Um, >> everybody comes down and says, "Wow." And then you got a big fridge here and all that. >> Top loading as well. >> Okay. Yeah. Nice. >> Pocket doors. >> This boat feels a lot bigger than 54 ft. >> I know, does it? >> I mean, just I don't know. >> It's a Monamaran. >> Yeah. Right. So, you got uh two bunk rooms here. I'm sure you can configure it however you want, right? Yes. >> So, this one's set up for cuz it's probably more for charter, right? >> Mhm. Yep. March family is charter. >> Uh compression double steel compression posts. >> Okay. >> So, we don't we have the >> Oh, right. So the Yeah. So the >> really old >> Oh, so you're saying you got the compression post on the inside the walls. Yes. So you don't have the mass coming down the middle. Okay. Right. Yeah. Nice. Otherwise, you'd be skinning around it. Yeah. It's nice. >> Yeah. And then coming up here to uh I guess kind of the VIP cabin. I guess it's got a it's got two heads here, one on either side. So these three cabins would share a head. But nice space. Telling you this boat does this boat does feel a lot bigger than 54 ft. So and then the aft cabins here. Um Yeah, >> pretty standard for a cabins on this size boat. But they each have their own heads, >> wet heads, >> oversized. Yeah. >> But I mean this one's set up for charter, right? So >> yes. >> So, but you could set it up, >> right? We're we're bringing in a 57. That's going to be uh we have large master forward. >> So that's if this if you were doing like an owner's thing, it would be large master forward and then you still keep this. And >> cool. >> So this is Todd uh the importer and dealer for Kufner. And so tell this first one to the US, huh? >> Yes. Yes. So, we've been building for 16 years. Um, we have a 54 uh 50 foot and we're developing a 46 too in the spring. >> Um, performance cruisers. Uh, very spacious. >> Yeah, it's very beamy and it's very I mean >> it carries it. Yeah, it does carry nicely. >> Pretty cool. All right. Well, I'm sure there's a link popping up below or in the description if you want to talk to these guys about getting a cooker. >> All right. Thanks, Appreciate it. >> All right. Well, that is it for me from uh the Newport Bo. Honestly, I wasn't even planning on filming today. I just brought my camera waiting fully charged. The reason I'm cutting it short now is because my battery is going dead. Uh so, we'll see how well this video does. And if you want to see more, I will maybe try to film some more before the weekend's out. I'm going to go home and edit this right now and get it out hopefully same day. But first, uh you know what time it is? That's right, Spirit 30. Don't forget to come see me in Annapolis and check out my new yacht, the Island Spirit 525. The boat show is October 9th through the 12th. If you'd like to buy tickets, there's a link in the description. And if you're interested in buying an Island Spirit 525, there's a link in the description where you can make an appointment. And I will see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevenjohnson528: Here in the US the red die in diesel is to tell if it's road use or off-road use. It's illegal to use off-road diesel in any vehicle on the roads.
  2. @kristinmedica7229: Yabba, those are some beautiful vessels. 
Annapolis, i will need a trim out, cold drinks on the lanai, holding tanks full of rum. 😊
  3. @silverlicious2086: Thanks for the tour Bobby. These new boats and technology are amazing. Looking forward to seeing your new boat!
  4. @327365hp: I didn't make it to the show this year. Thanks for the tour!
  5. @GsanmanCA: Best boat reviews ever!!  Short sweet and right ot the point.  Awesome Vid.
  6. @vancesprock2590: The diesel fuel that is dyed red is for Marine and Agriculture use only. You are correct they have a different tax rate. I disagree about double sinks, a single sink is better, gives you more counter space for your makeup;) Think about it, how often have you used the double sink, standing side by side? My guess is rarely and more likely never.
  7. @ricksousa3932: Great stuff Bobby Thanks
  8. @garganega: Good show as always.
  9. @MrFroglips69: Groovy episode.
  10. @bryanheairet2925: Red diesel is farm and construction use fuel in America...dam...do you even know the difference in aviation fuel ??? I do...Im a 60 yr old SoCal drag boat surfing street racing old fart...dam Bobby.
  11. @bryanheairet2925: Hooks 9n your bedroom...yup...bobby has never truly sailed around the world...he has never seen screen netting hooks...what a perv...lol.
  12. @bryanheairet2925: Nordhaven
  13. @joepatterson5160: Stop by the barber on your way to Annapolis Bobby!
  14. @blitzenjr: Very nice running into you Bobby, sorry we missed you out at BI.
  15. @dougandris6100: Red dye in the US is for off highway use only so farm equipment boats and so forth just can’t use the roads while using it
  16. @STEVEKRSNIK: red dye is for offroad use only there is no road tax on that fuel
  17. @moto61texas74: I've been watching your videos and I really enjoy them. I know you like gadgets, have you ever entertained the thought of a 3d printer, for replacement parts or even parts to print for items around the boat. They are getting really good at plug and play printers. Eleegoo has one for around $300 that is impressive for the money. I use mine to print gopro accessories all the time. I'm enjoying the videos, stay safe.
  18. @SchmoopsAdventures: Bobby! The hooks on the ceiling in the Hylas are probably to hold the bed up for storage access. But I like the way you think lol.
Edit: they’re pad eyes  for lee cloths so you don’t roll out of bed.
  19. @jdmcnugent8818: Wants to get a deal with Hylas then proceeds to make pervy comments while giving a tour their  of their boat. Sheesh. Give it a break.
  20. @ergolfking: The hooks are for Lee cloths to stop you falling out when heeled

- Newport Yacht Interiors provides Beautiful Interior Designs for Yachts: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Oh welcome thank you thanks you're all so much for having Newport living in lifestyles down to discuss a little bit more about your business Newport yeah interiors we understand you have many raving testimonials from prestigious yacht industry professionals that have used your design services and you're tremendously successful yes now tell us how have you been in the industry I have been doing yeah interior design for 14 years now so with that 10 year you're getting a lot of referrals people love your business what sets you apart in the design interior yacht world well we are I got interior specialists which means we focus on yacht design specifically so we have a very expansive experience with the aesthetic design the technical specifications of you know needed to create a successful yacht interior that's you know able to perform in the marine environment that's what I mentioned that does set us apart that we're a full-service got interior design firm so we do custom cabinetry finishes all the soft goods flooring as well as spatial planning and then we also do offer a very high-end luxury table or service where so the other thing that sets us apart is we do have a designer fabric showroom in town and we have thousands of amazingly gorgeous fabrics at our fingertips so that allows us to streamline the design process with the client we invite them in we vet them for what their style preferences are and pull it together and of really just innumerable resources at our fingertips oh that's fantastic so how much of the inspiration for each design comes from you or comes from your clients and how do you marry the two I'm very inspired by my clients their lifestyles their setting and their goals for the boat so in our initial consultation we'll meet and I'll bet them out for you know what they're looking for and their their level of luxury that they're looking to add to the vessel and my biggest inspiration truly is nature the beauty of nature and when you're out on a you know a boat you've got this beautiful scenery off the ocean and beautiful skies and my designs complement Mother Nature they don't repeat with it so it's a very luxurious these were background to someone being able to just to sit back relax and enjoy the beautiful scene this inspiration you're going to have to then choose the cabins so I was curious I know earlier you said you have to have special fabric so we were thinking is this fabric that you luxury tava she would use in a luxury home and those pieces or does it all of it have to be marine grapes so for example a hurricane rain or wine fabrics that are actually wearing proof no that's a big selling yeah so for the as far as fabrics go in our showroom there are a lot of fabrics that are very appropriate for the marine environments so there's going to be a lot of outdoor fabrics but I has an enormous amount of designer outdoor fabrics not just the typical sunbrella but I have the Ralph Lauren lines the Pulitzer live I have the perennials and link and so I stock that quite well because that can really incorporate anywhere in the yacht and that just allows the added durability the added protection but not such as this and larger where the environment is pretty much controlled we can use this gorgeous fabric that we just use this is a cravat beautiful yeah so Island stain resistant but it is an indoor so there is a lot of cross referencing of fabrics you might have to put some of this in my household yes so with your 14 years experience how many yacht interiors have you completed over in the 14 years we are approaching close to 500 yeah what awful lot other than doing yeah averaging you know anywhere between five and six a month Wow but I you know I have been doing this for 14 years and specifically yacht interiors and the jobs can range from you know just doing one you know stateroom right you're doing an entire refit Wow so I'd say we're easily approaching the 500 mark that's impressive yes that's very good though out of the 500 yachts that you guys have designed in 14 years any notable people any notable yacht owners that many names yes for the most part my clients do ask for privacy and I absolutely do respect that so many of them will remain a secret yes but I was fortunate to work on Peter Townsend of the hoos yacht oh I was fantastic he has a gorgeous hundred twenty six foot schooner lovely I was here in Newport and we did a number of refit items on board and kept a really nice English tradition that he really liked and that was probably my favorite project oh okay yeah that's everything done in British slacks no funny ones now navies and gold oh yeah that's right up my alley yeah so Bridget and I think we would know living and sidon living in this lifestyle working in this lifestyle what we think your favorite part of the job would be but you should tell us what oh there are always like really great perks and of course nice some days you know being in the office as being on a yes vote and sunset Oh doing design work champagne I would say truly the the best part and I have to say I don't know we consider this a job as it is my own business I put everything I have into it and it is a passion of mine so I could do it 24/7 my favorite part of the job is when the job is complete and the owner and I mean onboard and we do a walk-through yeah and just to see them very just pleased with our services you know really you know happy they made the investment and see themselves really just you know living you know nice relaxing time on their boat and you know that thank you at the end and the the joy in their eyes absolutely best yep yep well I'm sure that this couple enjoy their three-day trip down to Florida yes it's absolutely gorgeous you can tell you have such a passion for it and we're really pleased to be here so thanks so much for having us down yeah and certainly look forward to Cheryl De Niro and Newport got interiors and we'll see you soon here's to Newport yacht interiors yes

  Top Comments:
  1. @homeluxury2263: https://www.homeluxurybytsv.com/product-page/patchwork-cushion-with-trimming-piping-and-tassels
  2. @newportyachtinteriors: #NewportYachtInteriors

- America's Most Shocking Wealth Divide - Palm Beach County, FL 🇺🇸: Kind: captions Language: en [jazz music plays] [Peter] Good morning guys, I'm excited for today because we are going out to Palm Beach, one of the wealthiest places in the world. We're going to get out to the far stretches there to this famous hotel called The Breakers. We're going to go by Mar-a-Lago, the President's home. Get out to West Palm. Get to the periphery of the area and all the way out to the interior, Lake Okeechobee. And the goal of this video is to show you how mixed up this part of the country is, how interesting it is, how beautiful it is, and well, whatever else we come into. Let's do this. Alright, so here we have Mar-a-Lago. And it's surprising to me how close this is to the road. As in the general public can pretty much just drive right by the home. Now I don't want to put my camera out because I would think the security is extremely high here. But it is surprising that it's not more intense to be honest. That's not a big wall. There are cameras everywhere obviously. But that's it. I mean, it's right there. Anyone can drive by here. That's fascinating. In most countries, the President does not live that close to the public. Now, this is a very exclusive neighborhood. If you look at Zillow, you can see that the home prices are very steep. A starter home goes for $7 million for something not that great. If you want a little getaway condo near the water, you gotta pay $3 million. There are a bunch of mansions here for over $50 million. Mar-a-Lago, who knows how much it's worth, but probably in the hundreds of millions. There's a lot of old money here. Since the early 1900s this was a winter escape for the wealthiest of the country, most from the Northeast. And now it's got people from around the world, and for a reason. I mean look at this, mid-February, perfect weather, beautiful turquoise ocean. Water temp 76, air temp 81. Did you get any surf out there? -You know, you try. I mean with these things it's pretty easy. -You're a lifeguard? -Yes, sir. -How is it out here? -I love it. -You love it? -Beautiful. We get people from all over the place here. Where do you suggest I go around here? As far as food places, a little lunch spot, Buccan's great. -Buccan? All right. -Yeah. Pricey, but it's good. -What isn't out here, right? -Exactly. [woman] The sandwiches are probably 15 to 20 bucks. I recommend the beef tartare. -I'll check it out. Do you live out here? -I do. -Nice, how is it? -It's awesome. Look at it. It's paradise. -Have a good day. -Thanks, man. So you love it. It's a tight-knit community or what is it? Yeah, definitely, you have all the culture and nuances of a world-class city but you also have the beach. I sail, I dive, and I love water sports, I can't ask for anything better than this. -Right on, you live on the island? I don't, I actually live on a sailboat in between. -How is that lifestyle? It's interesting. It has its ups and downs. It's very binary. It's like the highest of the highs and lowest of the lows. That is such a cool old BMW. Look at the style on that thing. Look at all that glass. Just wraps around the car. Okay, Worth Ave. For luxury shoppers out there, it's probably one of your go-tos. And if you're like me or many other guys out there, this is your nightmare walking into these shops. But the architecture is quite impressive. For the Europeans, they're like, "Eh, that's pretty new stuff." It's done with style. It's got a good feel here. I haven't even seen any security guards. Which is interesting. Let's check it out. Let's park this thing. I'me sure it's… Not too bad. Eight bucks. How are you doing, sir? -Hey, your prices aren't that crazy. -No, it's $8 per hour. -How long are you going to be? -Let's do an hour. You're gonna pay when you return. I like you style. You're parking it? You're paying for convenience in here. -Alright. Are you from Palm Beach? I'm from West Palm Beach. -Do you love it here? What's your take on it? I've been here 40 years. -40? What changes have you seen? The people. It's all tourists. Everyone's from everywhere around here. -Okay. It's all like that every year, so it doesn't really change. But the locals, do they just stay? The locals, they complain about the seasonal people. -The birds? The snowbirds? -Yeah, there you go. What are you going to do? -But hey, they bring the money. -The birds bring the money? They bring the money. They drop the little seeds, you know? -Here you go, boss. -Yeah, thanks guys. Okay, here we go. Here are some of the values. This guy for 8.9. 16.75, 39.9. 32.75. Not even waterfront. 48.85. Here we have a condo for 3.5 mil. 69.5 million. Yeah, so there you go guys. You can see. Not many are getting onto the island as far as ownership, that's for sure. -What's her channel you said, sir? -Chic, C-H-I-C, Maven. -She's a fashion designer. -You work for her? Okay, The Chic Maven. She's beautiful obviously so the right person to do it. -Not you and me. -Yeah. [laughs] But you are styling. I'm not going to lie. Look at you. Runs with the team. I'm gonna show you one of these galleries, they're all over the place. This is beautiful. What is the price on this one here? The faucet tree is $55,000. -And this? -The rake tree is $65,000. Okay. Popular in the area? -Yes, very popular. -Bullet casings. Everything that you see on the ground floor is Federico Uribe. -Colombian artist based in Miami. Very unique style. He's going with the Ticonderoga pencil here. We have a nice little park in the middle of town. Palm Beach Police Department. I'm sure they're keeping this place quite well managed. We have Pan's Garden. Just right off one of the side streets. Beautiful building back here. Preservation Foundation of Palm Beach. And so, you know, a lot of old money out here. Oh, she says come in. Cool. -How you doing? -Good, how are you? Good. What's going on in here? So this is the Preservation Foundation of Palm Beach. A beautiful library. -Oh, nice. -Do you do videos on YouTube? -I'm doing one right now. -Wow. -You want to tell me about Palm Beach? -I'm not an expert in it. -But your thoughts? I mean I don't go out here socially, so I have clients. I do orchid installations on the islands. So I see the inner, some of their properties and estates. So that's my only look. And then I'm a surfer too, so I surf with the local surfers on the island. But they don't live on the island. -Okay, but orchid culture is a thing here? You can make a business out of it? Yeah, Orchidscapes. -Orchidscapes.com? -Yep. So for anyone out there, they want orchids in all of South Florida? -All of South Florida, Miami to Palm Beach. Good for you, being young and starting a business, that's cool. -Thank you. What do you think people from the outside don't understand about Palm Beach or say this surrounding area here? What do they not get? I think they clump all of Palm Beach into what this island is. And it's far greater than that. And then the wealth on this island is just ridiculous. There's like 50 plus billionaires that live on this island. -And not even 10,000 people live here? -Yeah, it's insane. It's another world. When I leave work 'cause I do all my rounds for maintenance around the island, like right now I'm going to go do that. Like when I leave I'm like… I can't compare to the lifestyle of this island. So when I leave I feel like my nervous system needs to like chill out. Because it's a lot of like, "F*ck, that would be cool to live in that house." type vibe. How you doing, boss? -Best sandwiches on the island? -I mean, in my opinion, yeah. Known for the beef carpaccio. My favorite's the steak though. -You have a jerk snapper fish cake? -Yeah, so that's a special today. -Okay, I'll do that. You want to try that? It's on a brioche bun. -Yeah, let's do it. -[woman] What are you getting? -Jerk snapper fish cake, ma'am. -What? -Jerk snapper fish cake. He said it's good. Do you like fish? Yeah but I don't know what's the jerk got to do with it? I don't know. He's jerking around on us. So Phyllis, 20 years out here, you were birding at first, and now you're full time? -Well, my parents were here. And then I would visit them and then we built a house. -Oh, that's cool. So you love it? I love it. -Who is that? -That's my dog. What's your dog's name? Nikki. -That was wonderful. Thank you. -Thank you. Nice talking to you. Here we have the jerk snapper. In Palm Beach I think something is always being blown, trimmed, clipped. It's the constant maintenance process. So here we go. Let's get into it, the snapper. Mmm. That is a good sandwich. And a big shout out to Buccan. A lot of people this island employs. I can't imagine the number. Definitely many thousands have to come here every day just to keep these places in the state they're in. And there's definitely a "No one falling behind here" type of vibe. Like everyone has a nice looking property. And if owning one here is not your jam, the next best thing would probably be staying at The Breakers. It's the famous five-star resort hotel here. That's where we're going next. Here we go, The Breakers, 534 rooms. The other side is the ocean. I just checked online that the cheapest rate is $1,700 a night, but you can pay $500,000 yearly for a Breakers membership, and get a good discount on a room, and get access to other exclusive amenities obviously. So it was built by Henry Flagler. Famous name down here in South Florida. He built the railroad that brought in the people. -Wow. How you doing ma'am? -Good, thank you. -So beautiful, huh? -It is beautiful. Okay, so Henry Flagler built the railroad. The investment came down. There were some booms down here, the Gilded Age was huge. The Depression slowed things down but then there was a comeback. Look at that. The cool old letterbox. People would put their mail down from rooms far above, it would slide down the chute. mailman would come in here and take it away. So a lot of people think the West was the final frontier in America. But really it's South Florida. This place wasn't really kicking off until the end of the 19th century. Just over a super long lifetime ago. These developers built it up pretty quickly. Henry Flagler was one of the co-founders of Standard Oil along with the Rockefeller family. And so just immense wealth. You can feel it just being in this structure is quite unbelievable. That was just a basic ballroom. And it walks out… to this. We've got a seafood restaurant, let's take a look here really quickly. Very cool Art Deco style. And then right outside of the restaurant is this. Listen to the ocean coming up onto the sand. [waves crashing] So you get this on the island. This traffic all backed up near the bridges because the bridges are draw bridges. There are big yachts or other ships going through, therefore traffic stops for a bit. So I think the whole island can be cut off. I know the northern part where we're at now, all of these Bridges go up. It definitely gives it that removed from the world feel. And where we're going is less than 15 minutes from here, and totally different. It's interesting in the United States, I think a lot of places. It's usually a highway, a waterway, some bridge, that even though the crow flies to that world that's totally different, there's that separation that makes it feel very much distant, but it's really not, we're going to get over this bridge, drive a few minutes and be in a different universe very soon. And we're coming over into West Palm. And so back in the day Henry Flagler set up West Palm as employee housing for his hotels on Palm Beach. Thousands of workers were living over here. They'd go across the waterway every day, go to work, go home. Well things have changed as you can see. West Palm is now a thriving place. And we're going to get into it very soon but I just want to go a little bit north from here to show you a different reality, a place called Riviera Beach. So economically you can see this is not Palm Beach. From my understanding, one of the poorer regions around up here. Massive power plant, FP&L. And then we have a port over here. Here you can jump on a yacht, a cruise, or even on a casino cruise that will take you three miles offshore into international waters where gambling is legal. The only elevation you get in this state is when you get on a bridge and you can actually look down on things. And he's flying. There's some cute little places out here. Humble abodes, colorful. And no people out and about. Gonna try to talk to some people. Always makes things more interesting. But I just wanted to show you guys 15 minutes from the breakers it's a bit different. Now statistically this place is pretty bad on crime. I don't know if I'm in a bad area right now. There's this website SecurityGauge, it rates crime, and it gives Riviera Beach a five. Five out of a hundred. As in it's safer than five percent of American cities. Those sites are always tough to go by. You know, what is it, violent crime, is it burglaries, is it assaults, murders? Statistically it doesn't look good with the numbers. So what's considered to be one of the rougher neighborhoods around is getting developed. You're talking about very wealthy areas around here. With this pocket in between. You have yachts on this side of the road, mega yachts there. We'll just take a right here. And that's prime real estate. I mean that's the thing here. This is I'm sure, very valuable at this time, and only going to get more so. I'm sure the rent prices are going up here, home prices, all the prices. So that puts a pressure on a neighborhood, a community. [chatter] Alright, guys. Other side of the tracks. Little bit different feel over here. [Peter] Sir, how are things? Everything is perfect, fine. -Perfect and fine? You know, it's very beautiful. Flagler, you know? -Yeah? -Flagler and Trump house very near. -Yeah, I was just there. Do you want to go ahead? Sorry man. Go ahead. Alright sir, so all is going well? This is your business? Yes. -Where are you from originally? Originally we are from Pakistan. -Okay, Pakistan Zindabad. Peshawar, Lahore, Karachi? -You have been there? -Yeah man, I love Pakistan. Oh really? -Alright. -One, two, three. Allah, let's go. [laughing] -Oh… that was a video. -One, two, three, Allah. -Allah Akbar. -I got you. -Thank you very nice. -Pakistan is awesome, man. So you go all over the world and doing this sh*t right here? -That's what I do. Yeah. Even my country. -Good food in Lahore. I am from Karachi. -That's a wild place. -I went to-- -You see the people, very love. -Yeah, I went to Liari. You know Liari? -Yeah, oh my God. I went alone to Liari looking for the rappers. -They have rappers and boxers in Liari. -Yeah, yeah, yeah. -They got rappers over there? -Yeah man same like you. -Same like you. -Yeah, yeah. [Peter] Good rap over in Pakistan. [man] Hey bro you hear this sh*t? Okay, so when I was making that rap video, I had to shoot the video with the GoPro, right? But I couldn't let the video go on any women. So I was trying to keep the camera very close. -In Liari? -In Liari. Yeah yeah. Most people, they avoid the movie videos. They don't want to do that. Totally understand but the guys were watching. They were looking over me like, "You don't do that, man." It's a very dangerous area. I don't know how you-- -Liari's wild. You know this guy? -Somebody with you? -[woman] He okay. -He alright. -[laughing] -Thank you, brother. -Thank you, guys. -Take care boss. -Yeah man. Wow, lot of fun, lot of fun. Okay guys, we're going through a lot of territory today but you get a little look at least of what this part of the state is like. We're going to go on to West Palm, downtown there, which is pretty nice, and then out to Lake Okeechobee. And a town that's out there that I think will be interesting to check out. Here we are back in West Palm, and that's looking out towards Palm Beach. We have the main street here, or the most famous I would say is Clematis. This is so Florida here. Behind me is a golf cart on the main street. So West Palm, originally a city for the workers of Palm Beach. Has turned into a much bigger city. 127,000 people here. This is called City Place. Outdoor zone with restaurants and shops. Comes alive at night. And West Palm Beach, it's had quite a few cycles from my understanding. The 90's weren't so great here, and it's really picked up. There's a lot of Northeastern money and people have looked at this now as a place to live full time, versus just seasonally as a vacation home. And Florida has a really good business tax climate. So for the first time in Florida's history it's been a magnet for Californians. Nobody from what I've heard here in the past ever came from California and moved to Florida. It was like, "Go west, son, and never look back." Well things have changed a bit. And it's attracted people not just from the Northeast but from the West Coast. And of course it's not the price of Palm Beach, but it is beautiful and expensive nonetheless. Just wanted to show you this cool little neighborhood, the older homes. So quite often Palm Beach and West Palm get lumped into one label. They're quite different. Now this looks almost as beautiful as Palm Beach but the price of this here versus there. If I'm to guess it's going to be one third of the price. So drastic difference, a different feel here too. You feel connected to a city. The highway's not far away. You're not out at sea. You don't get that vibe. And where we're going next, a place called Belle Glade. Belle Glade is out near Lake Okeechobee. One of the biggest freshwater lakes in the country. The big industry out there is sugar. It's a different world from what I've been told. Like quite drastically different from here. So we're going to get out into the countryside, the interior of Florida, and check out this town Belle Glade. Okay, we're coming into Belle Glade here, and you can see the sugar factory over here. And it's just been miles and miles of sugar cane. Alright I think this is the downtown. Or near it. It's had better Days. Wow, interesting out here. Tax service, Moda wireless. Banyan tree Breakfast bar. What time is it? It's 5:22 so I don't know if those are typically boarded up or not. Christ Fellowship Church. Alright, Downtown Belle Glade. Got some football there and the guy's watching. And I don't know if those are projects or not. They look like them. We're still in Palm Beach County. Isn't that amazing? Same county as this morning. A lot of stuff is just boarded up. Looks like an old hotel there on Southwest 6th Street. Yeah guys, it's one thing to walk around. You know, being the obvious outsider here. But it's another thing with a camera. [chuckles] People wonder what your… intent is. Why are you doing this? And you got to feel a place out. You got to suss it out. And I'm not getting the vibes yet that I want to get out and walk the streets. Now most people are great here I'm sure. Probably meet some fantastic characters. But there's definitely some poverty here. And with that comes crime. And I got to put my camera down. And Belle Glade, I got some stats for you I'm going to read off here. Yeah, it's pretty rough. This is about as rough as I've seen it in the United States. That place burned down. We got Club Phoenix here. Little Haiti Grocery. Closed. So according to the FBI in 2013. The city had the second highest violent crime rate in the country at 298 per 10,000 residents. In 2010 the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office estimated that… Oof, get this. This is crazy. Half the young men in Belle Glade between the ages of 18 and 25 had felony convictions. According to, don't know if that's fact or not, but I'm sure the numbers are high. [man shouting outside] So the town on the positive side of things is known for NFL football players. It's produced some excellent ones. I'm not a football guy. But one of the names here is Anthony Carter came from here I believe. But this area, this surrounding area, has sent roughly 50 players to the league. And if you look at the conditions, that's a lot of success. Now to be fair, I bet there's a nicer neighborhood here. And so I'm right in the center showing you what I'm seeing. Got some chickens crossing the road. [chuckling] Definitely not the Palm Beach vibe. Wow, what a day. Yeah, people get through life trying to make the best of their situation. I'm going to keep coursing through because as you sit there watching this you might say, "Heh, you're a little soft, Santenello. Can't handle it." I've been in some pretty dodgy areas in this world and when you get a feeling, like stopping here and getting out, I got a bunch of young guys looking down on me. When you get the feeling to not do it, you gotta follow the feeling. Because that intuition is the ultimate guide for traveling in the world. For getting out there. Well, if I didn't have it, I would have never made it past Serbia, that's for sure. Went around the world the first time. Some nice kids, father with their daughter, granddaughter, couldn't tell. But there's also some bad apples around for sure, and… Whoa, camera down. When you get a lot of stares like I am, like I just did from those guys, you keep flowing, keep flowing like water. How did Bruce Lee say it? Yeah. [chuckles and sighs] Palm Beach County. You don't know what you're gonna get, [dog barks] So you have a lot of these places here, just people sitting outside. A lot of people sitting outside. Alright guys, I'm trying to get you people on camera but this is a tough crack. I just talked to some guys and that was not happening. That was not gonna happen. Let's keep going. We got a Palm Beach County Sheriff. [officer] I do undercover work. You're trying to get undercover work, okay, so no camera on you. And you're saying for me to walk downtown with my camera, a bad idea. -Yeah, probably get a lot of unwanted attention. -Unwanted attention, alright. Good luck with everything. Keep up the great work. -Take care. Great guy. Said a lot. He said it's really hit and miss here. It can get really hot. And it can go quiet for a little bit, it just goes in waves crime-wise. But, yeah, he definitely confirmed what I was feeling. Don't walk around down there with the camera. Hate to give up on this place but I want to get out to the lake before the sun is down. Cuban Cafe. Grab some good coffee. Okay, found a nicer neighborhood here in Belle Glade. Some nice homes. Lion's Park. Playground. Kids playing soccer. Yeah, totally different vibe over here. But still, bars on the windows. Some of the windows. It's a mixed bag. Hello, sir. -Hey, how are you? Good. Sir, is the economy here sugar? Is that what everyone's doing? They're working in sugar? Sugar and vegetables. Sugar and vegetables, okay. You lived out here for a while? Since 1940. -Seriously? How's that been? In Belle Glade. I worked for a company that handles sugar and fertilizer. How are things right now? -Good. Business is good? Business is good. You take care, sir. There you go. A local. Got a bunch of kids in sports. Saw a big football field. So a place like Belle Glade, I guess like anywhere. What's your environment? Who do you hang out with? What are your parents getting you into? You can live a great life here or a terrible one, I am sure. So that was interesting, okay. 'Cause that downtown was rough but then the periphery was quite different. So there is a lot of economy out here, you can tell with this factory, and all the agriculture, and everything that comes along with that. Alright guys, we've made it. It's a monster of a lake. Number 10 in size measured by surface area. And then it's number two in the country as far as a freshwater lake that's entirely within the continuous 48 states. So after Lake Michigan is Okeechobee. But surface area, number 10. I don't think it goes too deep. I think there's a lot of fishing out here. And that lake, sure you can see it. Sort of see the rim up there. But it just goes off into the ether here. Almost looks like the ocean. The sky fusing into the lake. The lake fusing into the sky. Well guys, end of the road here today. What a journey we went on. And I'd say the big takeaway is, at least for me, is that we all live in our different bubbles. If you're out here, you're in a bubble. If you're in Palm Beach, you're in a bubble. And people can be living a completely different lifestyle or in a different world just miles away. I find that stuff interesting. I learn more about my own life by getting out of my bubble and into other's. So hopefully you got something out of that video today. I definitely did. Thanks for coming along on that journey. Until the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PeterSantenello [159 likes]: Thanks for watching!
► 🎥 Join for more Behind-The-Scenes Videos: https://innercircle.petersantenello.com/ 
► 👕 My Merch: https://innercircle.petersantenello.c...
► 📝 My Free Weekly Newsletter: https://www.bit.ly/3HC36EH
  2. @Graceful_Canvas [1 likes]: Money laundry = Art Shop= 65,000dollars
  3. @AlexanderNapier-n7l: I enjoyed watching this. Reminds of clients that I had worked with that would spend what I made in 2 years in 10 minutes.
  4. @natureowl: This is one of your best videos ever. Watch till the very end folks.  Great perspective about life for all of us. You make me want to start a channel.
  5. @STAN-w6f2j: IF I WAS A RICH GUY LIVING ON PALM BEACH I WOULD NOT ALLOW ANY TOURISTS HERE. ONLY SERVANTS  WOULD BE ALLOWED TO COME AND CLEAN THE TOILETS AND MOP THE FOORS AND THEN THEY WOULD HAVE TO LEAVE BY SUNDOWN.
  6. @KINGARTORIUS.: But we are human too shouldn’t we be able to live in such luxurious homes? Is it really about the choices you make or is this something more sinister?
  7. @pitbullmom2005: You mean I can take a bunch of plastic rakes, bend them this way & that, cement them in place & call it art????
I could get upwards of $65k???
Ok, sign me up. I can make you planters out of anything. 
65k for plastic rakes from Lowes. That is stupid rich. They are so rich they spend ridiculous amounts of money on stupid items. Stupid rich. 
Too rich to have good common sense. That's a sad way to live. 
Fake life hid behind look at what I got...
  8. @Erbolicious: Next time you're in Palm beach, make sure you pass the witches hole in the "mountain pass" that's hidden. My dad worked in a lot of the houses on Palm beach and used to always take me by the hole and now i take people there to this day


Also I grew up in west palm and Palm beach is for the rich, west palm idols for us middle/low class. It might look thriving but it's not behind in any means. But it trys to cover everything up like a bandaid to hide all of the real Florida. Theres a lot of crime here. I lived in Riviera and people used to try to break in all of the time and even when I moved back to where I grew up in west palm, I still hear gun shots every night. Also let's not talk about rent or even thinking of trying to buy a house. West palm and palm beach are 2 different places totally, only being separated by a 2 minute birdge. Also city place is not west palm, its closer to palm beach with how its progressed over the years most of the real west palm in like Riviera that you went through. Belle glade is just our boondocks.
  9. @osvagt: "most countries presidents do not live this close to the public"

C'mon 
 10 Downing Street exists just like the White House
  10. @colorlesssrainboww9215: Did U meet palm beach pete
  11. @AndreaAdams-r1t7e: All that money that they sit on, they could change the world for the better... But CHOOSE not to...
  12. @iveeiveeivee: @PeterSantenello caught my ear, what you found so dangerous in Serbia? Because truly Serbia is one of the safest countries, has no go zones etc...I have traveled the world including USA and Serbia has its economic troubles but safety is not an issue on the streets. Not to mention people here love tourists and I can assume you only had a welcoming vibe from locals.
  13. @dalovableasshole: Damn iwanna live here 😢
  14. @Loagz_Beatz: So I just stopped in Belle Glade (unintentionally) because I was doing a DJ gig traveling from the West Coast to West Palm Beach, and damn. Just. Keep. Driving. That's all I got to say.
  15. @thatguy8718: where you weere at that boarded up hotel on SW 6th, if you turned right and drove 1 block, it is also a different world.  basically 1 block into NW 6th......turns to all nice houses with tennis courts n shit.  all of sw 6th is dumpy
  16. @joysweet2250: Born and raised in Belle Glade, left for school and don’t plan to move back. If you’re not a farmer there’s just not a whole lot of opportunity there at the moment. I personally will be going into Christian ministry, and there are already a lot of people there ministering to the community. I know people there who are fighting to make it better and invest into the community to make it the place it once was and meet the needs of the people. There is a rich and vibrant history there and in the surrounding areas like Pahokee. Peter, you could do a whole series about the glades area and you would meet such a wide range of people.
  17. @esthermagid3063: Why does there have to be constant mowing, trimming and the noise of those leaf blowers in South Florida. I find it annoying. Can’t they just let plants grow and die naturally.
  18. @esthermagid3063: The gangsters are the billionaires who hide under laundered money and offshore accounts to avoid paying taxes.
  19. @Movingforward2000: Take the money out of Florida & it becomes just an uninteresting flat land sliver.
  20. @VictoriousVictoria: I REALLY like that this guy just films himself. No cameraman - no crew. Just a relatable dude making very interesting travel videos. I've watched a lot of his content. Haven't seen a bad one yet. He knows how to interview the locals. He asks questions I'd ask. Really like this channel.

- Inside Florida's Richest Town (Palm Beach): Kind: captions Language: en Do you see billionaires around? >> I mean, I'm riding my bike to the beach in the morning. I'm seeing Rolls-Royces. I'm seeing every single party you can imagine. >> This is just a community that was always established for the [music] wealthy. >> How much are these properties going for? 7 million to 100 plus million dollars. >> What's it like working for people with money and not having money yourself? It sucks. >> What is your take on the people? >> Lots of finance, bros. >> When the president is here, they close some of the streets. >> They say the rich people and then everyone else. You don't even have to park at Publix. They will valet for you. >> We are driving to the most notorious place in Palm Beach, the former home of a famous financeier, Jeffrey Epste. If you want to see how billionaires live, then you need to come with us to Palm Beach, Florida. With a population of just 9,000, Palm Beach is home to at least 58 billionaires, more than in all of France, Japan, and [music] even the UK. We went there to explore this wealth firsthand. Our journey led us to Epstein's old compound, the priciest property in [music] the US, and some unexpected encounters. Now, I'm not from this side of the bridge or this side of the island. There's no misconception where the poverty lines are. Even if I had a 40 million in the bank, I wouldn't live in West Palm Beach. This is it's a swamp out here, brother. >> As the latest episode in our richest towns in America series, this is Palm Beach, [music] Florida, America's billionaire capital. Our journey began in West Palm Beach, the neighboring city inland that many confuse with Palm Beach. It's much poorer than Palm Beach, but as you approach the bridge that takes you to the island, you can start to smell the money in the air and see it on the road. You can see more of the old money vibe here. Meet some of the new money coming in. It's >> just under $3. >> That one's 457K. >> That one is priced at 523,000. The most expensive car that left this dealership was delivered last year. It was called the Valiant. It was $2.7 million. I'd say it's gotten a lot younger. Younger people also like sports cars. When we crossed the bridge, it felt like we entered a different world and this is a public area and it looks like we landed in Versail. Luxury stores everywhere. In the scale of it, you've never seen anything like this. Sorry, sir. Jaguar just hit me. Can we sue someone here? In the height of season, half the lot might be a white BMW, white Mercedes. >> The town oozed wealth and prestige from the parks to the houses all the way to the retail shops. >> They are like a piece of art. It's the Bentley on the water. They're exquisite toys [laughter] for a person with exquisite taste. There's always a market in Palm Beach for yaching. >> How much do like the 54 meter ones go for? >> How much do you want to spend is the answer. I was born and raised here. So really, this is just a community that was always established for the wealthy >> in this island. Does it look like the one of your childhood >> in a lot of ways? Yes. >> Yes. >> All right. So, we asked one of the employees at the yacht store, the people are nice here, and they said that 99% of people are super nice. I mean, these are some of the richest people in the world. So, the the 1% the people who aren't that rich but want to play at that level, they are super rude and they go in there with the super arrogant attitude. The scale of luxury in Palm Beach far surpassed anything we had seen in the other rich towns we visited. Brooks Brothers would have felt like the Dollar General here, but where were the people? It is a ghost town right now. We're in Palm Beach in the evening and since it's not season, it's empty. We're literally in the middle of what should be these intersections. Crazy. Although most of its residents were gone, we did find some locals to tell us about Palm Beach. small island where everybody knows each other. It's a great lifestyle. >> Where are you from? I >> France originally. >> When did you come out here? >> About 10 years ago. >> What's your favorite part about Palm Beach? >> The community. >> A lot of people in America today view rich people as not very nice. And obviously this is a very wealthy area. What's your response to that? >> I feel like people actually do a lot for each other. They give a lot to charity. They do a lot for others. >> Yes. And what's different about the wealth here versus the wealth in some of the nicest parts of France? >> I think the wealth here is way above what it is in France. Here it's also little bit understated that people are very high. >> And we get why the locals were gone. It was incredibly hot when we visited. And before we saw the mansions, including Ken Griffin's $1 billion compound, we needed to cool down on the beach. I mean, the worst part about filming in Florida is the heat. It has genuinely been hard to stay hydrated, and I'm just exhausted by the end. Whoa. The water, you know, water just isn't cutting it. I need more. Element. This is the sponsor of this video. Thank you so much to Element for sponsoring it. I actually drink Element every single day. It replenishes your energy. And by the way, you might feel fatigued. You might feel worn out after exercise. element keeps you hydrated and oh my goodness does it taste great. And in Florida, we've been in the Everglades. We're going to Miami's hoods tomorrow. We need electrolytes. >> So get yours pin comment and description. Go to drinkelement.com/roka to get a free sample pack that's exclusive to Roka users. drinkelement.com/roka. Back to the richest town. Now, at this point, it was time to see some of the mansions, including Trump's and the most expensive property in America. To give you a sense of the Palm Beach real estate market, in 2024, 10 properties closed for $49 million or more, including two above $140 million. All right, we pulled over on a random culde-sac, and this house behind us is worth, any guess, three bedrooms, four bathrooms, $41 million. And by the way, this is distinctive in Palm Beach. The hedges here are exceptionally high. One reason this street is so expensive is the beach is on both sides of us here. This house over here is worth tens of millions of dollars. And you might wonder, what do wealthy people drink? LCroy Coke Zero. Reminds me of the Andy Warhol quote that even the wealthy in America, they like ketchup. They like Hines ketchup. [music] To our left is Mara Lago. It's obviously Trump's the winter white house as it's called. [music] You can see it there. There are cops everywhere. You're unable to get in. [music] It's right now under construction, but that's Mara Lago. [music] We are driving to the most notorious place in Palm Beach, the former [music] home of a famous financier, Jeffrey Epstein. In 2005, [music] the Palm Beach Police Department received reports of young women going to and from his residence. >> This is so creepy cuz this looks just like the documentaries, the private investigators on the trip. This right here behind us is where Jeffrey Epstein's home used to be. It used to be 350 Elrio Way. Epstein's house was demolished several years ago, or according to authorities, itself [music] demolished. But there it is, the former estate. Jeffrey Epstein used to be a staple of the Palm Beach community, not too unlike another figure who brought Scandal to the island, Bernie Maidoff. Many of Maid Off's investors were on Palm Beach, where Maid Off owned a home. Bruce Helander is an artist and gallery director who says he knew many of maid off's victims. >> I know one person that lost over $40 million. >> Epstein and maid off leave a tinge of scandal to the community. A community that loves privacy, but that hasn't hurt the real estate market. This house right here sold for $145 million to the son of the man who owns a Playboy mansion in LA. The most expensive home sold last year. That house is worth [music] an estimated $170 10 bedrooms, 16 bathrooms. Unbelievable. Okay, this is the Breakers here. It was built in 1925. A five-star hotel, one of the most iconic in the country, and it became a huge attraction for wealthy northerners who wanted to escape to Florida in the winters and really help put Palm Beach on the map. Now, you might be wondering why this video matters. Why do we need to get a glimpse inside this billionaire conclave? And the truth is billionaires are an important part and distinctive part of the American economy. We have 900 of them. China's the next closest to 500 of them. And some believe they've been incredible for the US economy. They've created the most lush capital markets in the world. It's why we are able to start new companies that can scale quickly. Companies can merge. Then the other side of the argument says they take way too much wealth from the country. the financialization of the US economy has not helped Main Street people, everyday Americans, and that generally speaking, these people are leeches on the economy. So, that's why we're doing this. They're an important part of the economy and it's very unique to see how people live. All right, we're in the nicest place in the world right now, but somehow there are still bad vibes here. Look at this. Unsubscribed. We hope you do the opposite to our channel. If you enjoy our content, if you want us to capture the world without bias or fear, please make sure to subscribe. Don't pee like that. Now, we'll take you to hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin's compound, the most expensive property in America. He has bought up $450 million worth of land. He's building a monstrous mansion. He just got approval to make his fences 9 ft instead of the regulated 7 ft. And it's going to be an obscene home worth an estimated $1 billion. He's been buying up the properties for years now and oh my goodness, it's crazy to see the number of workers over here on the fence are even more. Ken Griffin is notable for not merely the price of his property, but also for relocating his hedge fund Citadel to South Florida. >> So if you look out over the water, >> there's the yellow building over there on the right and just south of that is a several acre site that we'll be building our new headquarters at. It'll be 1,040 ft tall. It'll be one of the greatest office buildings built in the world. >> Co sparked an exodus of financial firms like his to South Florida, giving it the nickname the Wall Street of the South. >> Wall Street South. >> Wall Street South. Names like Black Rockck and [music] Goldman Sachs. Miami I think represents the future of America. >> That's caused Palm Beach real estate to boom. >> Market in general here. You can see how it's picking up. since January have sold properties. Pretty much what what it was sold last year, the whole year. I mean, when you have someone who's [music] ultra wealthy who moves here, what are they looking for more than anything else? More than anything is peace. Though, we couldn't help but wonder with so many $100 million mansions, why is the median home value in Palm Beach only $3 million? Well, there's a wrinkle here. The median single family home value in Palm Beach [music] is $14 million which blows Athetherton, California, aka the richest town in America, out of the water. But unlike Athetherton, which is more restrictive on zoning, Palm Beach has another side to it. A side with much more affordable apartments. All right, here's a big difference between the richest town in Florida and the richest town in California. So, [music] in California, Athetherton has a median home value of $8 million. Now the thing there is they have zero apartment complexes. Everything's a single family home and that drives it. Whereas here in Palm Beach they have multi-family complexes all over. You can see these apartment buildings everywhere. We just looked up some prices. Some are going for 400,000 500,000. This contrast between the top 1% and the top 001% [music] was palpable. and one landscaper unloaded about the wealth. >> For [music] the people who've never been here, what is this area like? >> It's the ultimate. The best. >> How so? >> Everything around here. You can't touch it. It's the best. >> What's your job? >> I just do everything. Taking care of it. I think we did it all in 98 and I've been here ever since. >> What's your favorite part of the job? >> Nothing. Nothing. Don't like it. It's hard. There's always something you got to fix. So, the people that don't live here but work here. >> Mhm. >> Where do they live? >> We all [music] live out west. I was born here and built my house. I think I was around 28 years old. I'm 70 now. And you built it where? >> Okchobee in the Turnpike. That's 7 miles from here. Nothing out there. When I built it was all woods. Now it's all built up. >> When you built it, how much did it cost? And now how much could you sell it for? >> It was a buck 36. They're selling now for eight. >> If you could predict the future of of Palm Beach, what do you think it is? Priceless. Good luck [music] to you. >> Of course. >> Hopefully you're all doing good with it. >> Try our best. [music] >> What's up, man? I didn't get away with the shot. Did I? >> No, bro. Can I ask you a question? >> Sure. >> So, we're we're from New York. We go around to different places around the country, and we're making a video about Palm Beach. So, we want to know. There's a lot of rich people here, but there's people like you that are taking care of this place, >> right? Not rich. >> Not rich. So, what's that like? >> It's okay. I appreciate the work we have. Life could be worse. This is like a tough job, but like what's like the dayto-day? Like what are you doing right now? >> Right now I'm pressure cleaning, just making it look nice. Do a lot of restoration here. A lot of it's a 100-y old property and all these properties are huge. They necessitate constant upkeep, constant maintenance. And you'd be surprised, 80% of these folks aren't even here right now. There's no misconception of where the poverty lines are. You know, you just go over [music] the bridge and it's almost like a different world. I'm not going to negatively judge people because they got money. Definitely hard work to afford a house like this. That wouldn't be right. But I don't relate. Obviously, there's rich people. Obviously, I'm not. This is not the first time I feel like I'm less of a person because I didn't acquire a massive fortune to buy a house that they don't live in. Would I want to amass a fortune and become the person that pays everybody to do everything [music] for me and therefore become a useless myself? Not really. Do I appreciate the work I got to do to get by? Yeah. You know, one day at [music] a time. People look at you and they're like, "You're not for my cloth." And automatically you're shunned out like you were never worth it in the first place. It's like a blessing or a curse is when you're exposed to money and you don't come for money. [music] You see it from a different angle. You see it from a different perspective. You come for money and it helps you. You're almost willing to turn your back if it's for your benefit or the favor. But if you don't, you don't ever have that luxury or option by a girl who lived on the island. Her parents knew somebody anyway. The girl was hammer drunk, [music] fell out of her cow with a bunch of open open containers. The cop didn't even so much as bat an eye. Let her go. No arrest and nothing. Meanwhile, a little Guatemalan Mexican guy who works here, right? Man, cool. Don't speak a lick of English. Always get a smile on his face. Always [music] sweating his balls off. Always working hard. I guess caught a vicious DUI for having his key in the ignition. The truck wasn't even on. Cop brought him to jail. It's a high work guy probably with a family. And now he's got to go through the whole rigma of that There's a double standard. As long as we have this that nobody lives in. Even if I had a 40 million in the bank, I wouldn't swamp out here, brother. We live in We're a mile below sea level. There's bugs and everywhere. This dude's putting a billion dollars down the road in a swamp. A billion dollars. putting a house on an island that at any point in time that level five hurricane that's out there right now can come and just rip this whole thing apart. You're going to have you money in order to do that and not kid. >> What's your hope for the future then? >> I'm actually going to be going back to school. I want a degree in electrical engineering. >> Oh yeah. >> Uh these dead end jobs ain't doing nothing. I wake up with my mind on like all right, this is what I got to do. And what makes me happy is knowing what I'm going to get to. [music] We left the landscapers and continued to explore the wealth of Palm Beach, [music] seeing the neighborhoods where dozens of other billionaires lived. The wealth went on and on all the way up to the beach where we ended our day talking to college students who go to school across the bridge. >> Well done, sir. >> You missed it yesterday. >> You live here or do you go to school here? >> We're all sweet mates. >> 10-minute walks from the beach, bro. It's life. I'm seeing everything. Single car you can imagine could be Lamborghini Urus just like casually. It's insane. I don't even have stop lightss in my town. So seeing freaking these massive mansions and courtyards and stuff is pretty crazy. >> Do like this ultra wealthy here keep to themselves or do they >> Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, >> what's like your favorite part in the lethal part about beach? >> Favorite part is the beach. Favorite is the price. >> What does that bridge signify? Like >> the rich people and then everyone else. [laughter] >> That's how we think about it. >> Oh yeah. Thumbs up for the camera. >> Is there a lot of opportunity around [music] here? Like do people stay? >> There's just like a lot of connections here cuz I mean do you have any billionaire encounters here or do you see them out? You you go walk down Worth Avenue and you could probably touch a couple like on your walk if you just are blind reaching out. >> You don't know but you know you know what I mean? Yeah. They have a vibe to them. I feel like a lot of people think about it just like wealth. Like there's like a lot of humanity in it too which I think is really cool. Like that's one thing I found. So, it's not just rich There's a lot of like really kind people, but I mean, you get the rich of course, because that's anywhere that there's rich people, but there's a lot of people that are really genuine, which is it's cool to see, but yeah, you kind of have to like reach around for it cuz they're not just going to walk up to you and whatever. >> Amid a beautiful sunset, we left Palm Beach, driving past a [music] harbor filled with yachts and over the bridge, back to reality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rocanews [70 likes]: For a free LMNT sample pack with any purchase, go to https://drinkLMNT.com/roca 🌊
  2. @Johwanfane [1 likes]: Gonna buy a safehouse there in GTA6
  3. @EliteEstatesluxuryAI: i like ur job
  4. @cockatoosquawk: Lot's of fraudsters
  5. @chrisr.6638: 3:32 Epstein with Palm Beach Pete
  6. @Catalin227: People voted for Trump. Next we might get someone decent but at some point the social discrepancies will determine people to vote with a communist. And everyone will be soooo shocked. Mark my words.
  7. @tfefe: House maintenance dude. "Never become useless" thanks dude. Love you
  8. @centristmiguel8581: The same people whining about this wealth in Palm Beach would travel to Versailles and be snapping selfies and celebrating how cultured they are there and the rich are better there etc. Miserable hypocrites. Sad.
  9. @floral-smoke: You can't be a good person and a billionaire. You cannot convince me otherwise.
  10. @adamhester372: Palm beach is nice, west palm beach is a bucket of shit
  11. @seanpaul7214: I feel blessed. Came from a rough childhood however born and raised in Jupiter Florida. I miss my hometown however still in beautiful palm beach country. My goal isn't to he rich in money however rich through God. Overcoming drinking dependency 2
 Times im only 33 years old I work 3 days a week full time hours starting to live the life I know im meant to have.
  12. @SuboptimalOrbit: If you have a roof over your head and you’re not going hungry, the rest is just mindset.
Any old rich guy over 50 would give it all away to be 20 again. Paying stupid prices for wine, meals, clothes, etc., just means you’re brainwashed or very bored.
Every car Lamborghini has ever made has been objectively terrible as an actual car. They’re not comfortable, the view and visibility are terrible. In a Lambo, you want to stick to routes you know, because one pothole will ruin your entire day.
  13. @j.peaceo1031: Jealousy is a green-eyed monster that eats the person from the inside out. That laborer is so bitter and envious, he could kill.
  14. @fisheyeconsult: they will die in full agony
  15. @Atlanta11276: Palm Beach is a ghost town now and is so horrible😂
  16. @Deus.Vult.626: What a scmbag 2:35
  17. @Nikola-w5r: 3:33 haahah, what is this? 😂
  18. @RIVvideos: that guy at 14:00 you can tell he's smart, he just needs a mentality shift
  19. @HisStewardessInChrist: Young landscaper is very intelligent. I hope he sees the value in having sane intellect.
  20. @joeycarpeal: That worker in the grey cutoff was a good dude. Great mindset. Hope you are doing well brother, keep passing the good vibes around.

- How Florida Became 'Wall Street South' | Bullish with Sonali Basak: Kind: captions Language: en - So if you look out over the water, there's the yellow building over there. - Okay. - On the right. And just south of that is a several acre site that we'll be building our new headquarters at. It'll be 1,040 feet tall. It'll be one of the greatest office buildings built in the world. There will be law firms, private equity. - Interesting. - Citadel. - So it's not just your companies, - Not just us. - Wall Street South? - Wall Street South. - Florida is a state, perhaps best known for pleasure, a place where spring breakers and seniors go to soak up the sun and work on their golf swing. But in the past few years, a new species has been migrating south. From 2020 to 2023, over 50 investment firms moved their headquarters from New York City to what some people are calling - Blackstone, Starwood, Carl Icahn, - Names like BlackRock and Goldman Sachs. - Ken Griffin is moving both Citadel and Citadel Securities to Miami. - Miami I think represents the future of America. - But why is this happening in Florida and does it mean the days of New York's financial dominance are over? - Hi ladies, how are you today? - Good. We're good. - We're little rowdy over here. - You have a drink? Of course. You get a little loud. It's nice. - This is Harry. - Okay. - And this is Harry's. Also this is Harry's, or rather Harry's 1.0, a Wall Street institution where traders famously congregated during the heyday of New York's financial District. - You've been here 22 years. - I've been here 22 years. - So what do you think's gonna happen in the market now? - Me, I'm always optimistic. - In 2023, Harry's Bar and Restaurant opened a new location in West Palm Beach, serving the same fish, martinis, and steak to a surprisingly familiar clientele. Is this Wall Street South? - But there's no New York Stock Exchange. There's a smaller office for Goldman Sachs. - A lot more computers. - In the early days, business was conducted face to face, handwritten on slips of paper and shouted across trading floors. By the early two thousands, most trades were fully electronic. The stock exchange became less central and new players began to form outside of the old school Wall Street giants. In recent years, firms managing an estimated $1 trillion moved out of New York, as business that could have only been done on Wall Street years ago, can now be done from Texas or Amsterdam or at the Four Seasons in Palm Beach, where Citadel Securities built a pop-up trading floor during COVID. You brought so many people down here so quickly, how did that work? - So if you research respiratory viruses, in general, they spread less in high humidity, high UV radiation environments. Take out a map of the United States. You're coming to Florida and we rented the Four Seasons in Palm Beach to bring as many people as we could here for an unknown duration and created perhaps the first bubble in America. So the people that came to the Four Seasons of Palm Beach, they checked in and they literally could not leave the property for months. - The hotel is probably not made to be a trading floor. How did you change it to serve that function? - So the area we used was pretty much made to host weddings and it was an interesting moment because we had to marry a technological footprint with the ballroom space, and that involved, for example, deploying thousands of servers. And you can imagine the power demand that went with thousands of servers and how do you solve that problem? What's interesting is the state of Florida, because it has hurricanes, has portable generation - And - We were able to bring in a portable generator to solve our power needs, for example. But that can-do attitude of helping you make things happen. That was something special that I think all of us underestimated when we came here to embark on this project. I mean, we worked literally 24 hours a day, several hundred people for five days in a row and built what would usually have taken one or two years to accomplish. It was really quite a feat. - Ken Griffin is the founder and CEO of Citadel, the most profitable hedge fund in the world with more than 65 billion in assets, as of the middle of 2025. He also founded Citadel Securities, a massive trading firm that connects buyers and sellers. Griffin has become one of Florida's most influential residents moving his firm's headquarters from Chicago to Miami in 2022. He's donated tens of millions to local museums and universities, spent hundreds of millions on Florida real estate and is a well-known political donor, both nationally and within the state date. This is supposed to be one of the next great hubs for Citadel and Citadel Securities. Why? - Tense is wrong. This is one of the great hubs for Citadel and Citadel Securities. We have several hundred people here in Miami. The leadership of Citadel Securities is between Miami, New York and London. Principally. This is a really important part of their business. And then for the hedge fund, a number of my most senior professionals are here in Miami with me. This is a very important part of our global footprint. Miami is unequivocally one of the great up and coming cities, not just in Florida, not just in America, but in the world. - It doesn't come without its challenges, right? I mean, when we talk to a lot of people who are considering moving to Miami, they do talk a lot about the cost of living, the skyrocketing rent, the lack of access to schools or the fact that there may not be enough of them for how many people are moving down here. - That's you're talking about New York City or you're talking about Miami? - I'm talking about Miami. - Ah, I just wanna make sure because it's the same list of problems, isn't it? And these are the problems of prosperity. These are the problems that you have in cities that are growing, that are booming. These are problems that frankly you much prefer over the alternative, right? The counterfactual, you're shrinking, you're dying cities. And we have found that of the people we've brought here, no one's asked to go back anywhere else. - Do you think that there's a time where your presence in Miami for Citadel and Citadel Securities is gonna be bigger than in New York? - I, I mean over the next few years, no. Over 20 or 30 years, we'll see what unfolds. I don't view this as a competition between Miami and New York. I view this as, as an American, I want to see both of these cities really be great places and financial centers for the United States, for North American, for the world. This is one of the most fun places you could possibly imagine living in. You know what's wonderful about being in Miami? You go to dinner and you talk with your friends about the future and the optimism here is infectious. Is the American dream still alive? It's alive and kicking here in Miami because people here in Miami believe that tomorrow will be a better day. So it's, it's really great to be here in a city that just exudes the belief that in America, anything can happen. And Americans who believe that make things happen. - Ken Griffin isn't the only one betting on Florida. There's also a younger cohort setting up shop. The company that we're visiting, Diameter, they're one of the hedge funds that I hear about a lot. - What's the advice to anybody who wants to start a hedge fund? - Never cost trade. Don't be attached to any position too much. - They're new generation. So it's really interesting to see them build a second office in West Palm. One founder's here, one is in New York, and so they see this as the future. Hedge funds are secretive firms that have a wide range of investing styles and there are key part of the Wall Street South ecosystem. But they've historically only been open to institutional investors or very wealthy individuals and they usually charge high fees. While mutual funds, exchange traded funds, and banks are heavily regulated, hedge funds face fewer rules, giving them the freedom to take bigger risks, leading to spectacular gains and sometimes spectacular implosions. The term hedge fund originally came from the idea of hedging your bets, making one bet and then making another to protect yourself. If things go the other way. Think of a street vendor selling sunglasses. They're betting on sunny weather, but a smart vendor also invests a little in umbrellas too, just in case it rains. A hedge fund is a bit like that, ready to make money in any weather. But today, the term hedge fund has evolved dramatically. Now, hedge funds use a variety of strategies and bet on everything from currencies to election outcomes. And as of the end of 2024, the industry was managing more than 4.5 trillion in assets. Hi, I just said the whole office smells like candles. It's so nice to meet you. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. You moved here right around COVID, - The beginning of COVID. - Whose idea was it? - It was my idea. I said, we can't be in New York. ****'s gonna get real bad. We need to get outta New York. I'm asthmatic. So I was at risk for, for COVID. So we rented a house in a, in a place that's about 10 miles north of here and hunkered down there. And I just worked We sit in a zoom with all of our trading people, all the traders, all the risk people, and the research people come in and out pitch us on ideas. That way, they can be changing the model live on the screen. We can be iterating live. And that's pretty unique versus how we, if I think back to how we did this, you know, 10 years ago. I called the London guy when I got up in the morning and then maybe I talked to the investment community at the end of the day. Now the London people are in the same zoom as us all day. It's not like we're in New York, Palm Beach, and London. It's like we're in one entity. So they can see me, I can see that. Tell Rob to wave to her - Diameter, invest not in stocks but in debt. It's a fund that is relatively new in the world of Wall Street, but growing fast, they've done some far out things like buying up debt tied to X, Elon Musk's social media company, and purchasing bankruptcy claims after the collapse of FTX. They made a killing. - So I grew up in Connecticut. I actually got into to finance because I was doing fantasy baseball when I was 10 or 11. I'm a sports nut growing up, statistics nut. I got put in a league with random people and I won a couple times in a row. Three of these guys were from Boston and worked together. They worked at actually a fixed income investment firm. They invite me, they say, you know, will you come up to Boston? And they said, well can I bring my dad? And they said, why? I said, well, I'm 12. You know, these guys thought I was, you know, 20 or 25. So I go up there and they say to my dad, you, your son's really good at the data. He's beating us every year. So on the train back, I say to my dad, do you have any friends that are that do this? Luckily, he was riding the train to New York with Tony James, Richard Chilton and John McFarland. I worked for him at Tudor with Paul during college. - So you worked for Paul Tudor Jones, one of the greatest hedge fund managers of all time. - Yes. - In college. - How many people really get that experience? - Not many. - So what's true Wall Street South? Is it Miami or West Palm Beach or the mix of the, - I think it's South Florida. Everything in south Florida from Coral Gables to Jupiter is booming and there's finance all along the way. - The Miami metro area shrank immediately after COVID hit. But the population has been growing since and with Donald Trump back as president, power players, including Elon Musk, Masayoshi Son, and many others have visited Mar-a-Lago, which is just 15 minutes from Diameter's office, depending on traffic, of course. People have said that it's transient, that just because President Trump is down here, it doesn't mean that more people are moving per se. - He wasn't president and they were moving for the last four years. - For him. - No. - We're not here because of politics. We're here because it's a good place to raise our family and do business. It's 75 and sunny and no taxes. - This is like New York level traffic. Last week of January, every year, all the big hedge funds, their big investors, a lot of the big private equity firms, they always head down to Miami and West Palm. And it's kind of a central meeting point. It's unofficially called hedge fund week. No one actually named it that, but that's what everyone calls it. I usually kick off hedge fund week with a party hosted by Universa, which was one of the first hedge funds known to move down here. And the party happens to be on a mega yacht. Universa is closely associated with its top scientific advisor, Nassim Taleb, a former options trader, who predicted the 2008 financial crisis and is known for his book, The Black Swan. Did they mic you yet? - Yeah, yeah. They mic me. It was very professionalist. I do a podcast. I do it in four minutes on my laptop. I don't need no team, nothing, no lighting. Yeah, just do it on my laptop. Nobody notices. - Something I've been thinking about is the banks are not really here. There's Goldman has a presence. - Nobody cares about banks, except bankers. - Explain that. - Because bankers used to lend, used to take deposits. Now people manage their own deposits with zero interest rates. And so the market got a little smarter by moving deposits away from bankers. And loans, you know, were securitized. So hedge funds have much more variety. And this can explain the presence in Miami, hedge funds, because they came down for the taxes. Some came down for the weather, some came down because of a midlife crisis. - Banks were once the core of the financial ecosystem, but their dominance has faded as non-bank financial institutions take over trillions in assets. Because these firms can move a lot faster than banks, it's gotten easier for cities without a long tradition of banking to rise as finance hubs. - Miami is very good for business. - Do you think it'll be bigger than New York as a financial center? - I don't know, but anybody in finance who can move out of New York should because the tax rate of, is prohibitively high and the regulation is monstrous. You know, to be honest, this is better life. I mean look, let me tell you one thing about Miami, alright? And I'm gonna be harsh, it's probably one of the very few places I've been that has no pretense of intellectualism. None. They have Gucci shoes, alright? They have a Ferrari, whatever it is, and they're happy with it. And I tell you, I find that refreshing. - Universe's yacht party is a cross section of Miami Finance, wealth managers, investors, fund managers and reporters. You recruited a lot of companies to move down to Miami or at least have a presence here. - That's right. Exactly. Yeah. - How many did you commit? - Oh my god, it was over a hundred companies that we brought down here and after Dodd-Frank Post-financial crisis, these smaller hedge funds and financial service companies were forming. - Does it say something about the future of finance that all of these hedge funds are kind of looking to build? Are the banks kind of So yesterday, - Well I think we love the banks as well, but I think sometimes these banks, it's a little harder for them to move or make those types of bold decisions so quickly. - Look, if there's one thing you don't like, what is it? - Wow. I say people drive like crazy here. - I think people are also known to sometimes look out for themselves. That's why it has this "My-ami" reputation. - So there is a little bit that - Oh, really, I've never heard of that one. - Yeah, "My-ami." So there is a little bit of that dynamic where a lot of people come here to show their wealth, but if you find your community in Miami, it really is wonderful. - What - Do prices look like? - Well, where we are in Gables go like a thousand per square foot, 1500 per foot on the water, some 2,500 per square foot. The beach, Miami beach, 3000, 4,000 per square foot. So you're talking about like New York prices right there. So Miami is kind of like Beverly Hills. Miami is definitely catching up a hundred percent if not more in some areas. [Loud Horn.] Is it necessary? We get it, we get it. We're taking off. We're taking off. - I just feel like New York seems a little bit more conducive to how fast paced finance is. Coffee shops here don't open until like seven or eight in New York. I feel like they're open since like the crack of dawn. Wait, I'm - Trying to find one - Right. As early as like five 6:00 AM. - Yes, I tried at six 30 everything was shut. And even places that say they're open at seven, - Yeah. - They were close and it was like, oh, I need to send e-mails. Someone who's used to always being on edge and very, in a very cutthroat environment, I guess is not getting the same kind of adrenaline rush here. - But if you really wanna know what's happening in South Florida, you have to talk to the developers. So nice to meet you. And what a beautiful view - Just made for you guys here with my bathers. - Jorge Perez was born in Argentina to Cuban parents, but moved to Miami in 1968. He worked for the city as an urban planner, focusing on improving low income communities. And later opened The Related Group with then partner Steve Ross, where he initially focused on affordable housing before venturing into luxury condos, earning him the nickname, "The Condo King." It sounds like there's a lot of construction going on. Is that you? - Unfortunately not. I lost that one. That's from a competitor of ours. We are in the best neighborhood in Miami and the reason for that is this was the hippie neighborhood of Miami and because of the hippie neighborhood of Miami, everything here is trees and we're only 15 minutes from downtown. - Are you a hippie underneath it all? - I was, you know, I was in 1960, I mean, compared to my ways. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was a very liberal, and I think it was Bertrand Russell or Bernard Shaw, one of those English guys, that said, show me a young man that is not a liberal and I'll show you a man without a soul and show me an older man that is still a liberal and I'll show you a man without a brain. Right? I'm not so sure that I agree on that, with that. - I hear this from folks in the real estate world a lot. That the city, the government of the city needs to be amenable to people coming there to developers. - You go to California and sometimes to get a building permit takes you three years, you know, in New York is impossible. So in my business it is much easier to build here. If you look at the Miami of the fifties and sixties and you go to Miami Beach, you, you are gonna see a very, very pedestrian architecture. And that's because it was mostly done for retirees or people that would come in the winter, but were not wealthy people. There were no restaurants, there was no culture. I think in cities like Chicago and New York, the cities are already done. Not that I'm saying they're not gonna progress any, you know? - Brutal. I'm a New Yorker, so I'm gonna be pushing you here. - That that's fine, you know, that's fine. But you know what you, you're not building MoMA again. You're not building The Metropolitan again. What worries me is affordability, the middle class and the working class, where do they live? The moment that we build a mid income, or affordable housing product, it gets consumed immediately. The demand is never ending because people do want to be close to their jobs. They just can't afford to - Over the last five years, median home prices in New York jumped roughly 16%. That pales in comparison to Miami, where median home prices jumped nearly 96%. This isn't a unique story, whether it's finance in Miami or tech in Austin, many cities are attracting some of the country's wealthiest transplants, which stresses infrastructure and drives up costs for locals. - When I went to school in urban planning, you know, we would use 20, 25% of your income should be devoted to housing. Nowadays, you have a lot of people that are using 50% of their income. - Right, many people, most people, often. - Many people to housing. That leaves you really nothing. Particularly for your family, I mean that, yeah, - You can't save. - You can't save, you actually, you can't, you can't go to dinner, you can't go to, you know, you know, to movies, you know, I mean it's, it's a huge problem. - It's pretty clear that Wall Street is no longer on Wall Street, but it's less obvious whether it's moved to South Florida. It's more that Wall Street is everywhere. It operates through algorithms, investment firms, and policies that reach far beyond New York. Sometimes in villas in Italy, occasionally in a hotel in Palm Beach. Wall Street isn't a place anymore; it's a system. And it's growing also. Do you notice it cleared up for us? - You know, I had to call someone to make that happen. - Oh yeah, you just called the stars. - I was only promised two and a half hours, so, - Okay, so we have to get this done properly. - We have to get this done. Yes. - within the right time. - Because otherwise the cloud shall return.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoneyCosts2much [3 likes]: @2:10 - amazing culture there in Miami. If you know you know.
  2. @apr2005 [2 likes]: 7:34 he's not lying here at all.  I lived in ft Lauderdale and miami for 15 years, there's an energy there thats infectious...it literally makes you try in life.. theres no settling there. I rubbed elbows with elites and learned from them. Constant motivation all around you. 

It was after i moved that i saw the difference. I literally search for that south Florida energy and its simply nowhere else.
  3. @christoscostandinides4006 [1 likes]: I work for the local government in Miami and I can tell you that the person that created this video is a crook trying to make money for himself. Wall Street south does not exist. You pathetic, liar, you are misleading people. if you have a problem with my comment get in touch with me if you have the guts. do you not understand that by creating these bling manicured lies you’re basically pushing more people into poverty in a county where it has the lowest income per capita among big cities in the US? Lying to people so you can make money on their back by selling inflated real estate is not difficult. You are lazy, you are just wasting your life and causing havoc to others. Get a real job
  4. @frankinvestigates [1 likes]: Fascinating look at how South Florida is becoming a new hub for finance, love seeing the mix of big players, innovation, and the lifestyle that’s reshaping Wall Street.
  5. @duanecarr6712 [1 likes]: Welcome Ken Griffin Florida got you
  6. @duanecarr6712 [1 likes]: Bring it all to florida
  7. @CP-lb2br: 6:28 so cute!
  8. @camclegg123: Ken Griffin sucks
  9. @adrianf7732: People from two of the bluest states moving to Florida doesn’t bode well if they are bring their voting patterns too.
  10. @JoseLozano1694: 15:45 that’s one of the reasons I don’t like Miami but I have to say there’s culture and snobs in Miami, usually the elite of Venezuela and Colombia
  11. @literallyjustbrooke: Ugh they’re gonna ruin this state, Miami is already to crowded and run down 😂
  12. @TheZombieGAGA: 1:00 Miami represents the future of America 😂
  13. @G100scalper: I thought tic tok and tinder replaced going to spring break?
  14. @dc1674: Florida is Soooo much nicer than NYC.  My only question is why this didnt happen decades ago?
  15. @yunuskarimov-dm5rp: For years they have been fking us with global warming. If it was real, these giant companies would not have invested billions
  16. @FangsOfNewYork: Eh, more like Long Island south
  17. @guygex2525: The new exodus to Florida is coming soon from NYC. Florida will be seeing a new guild of age with the incoming billionaires and millionaires from NYC.
  18. @duanecarr6712: With Venezuela coming back online
  19. @duanecarr6712: I never wore a mask once living in fl
  20. @jaythomas5823: Are we really relocating to FL? A few months, but not a relocation!

- History & Culture of the Palm Beaches | On The Town in The Palm Beaches: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ I will take good care of you ♪ ♪ If you take care of me ♪ With names like Flagler and Kennedy, the Palm Beaches have long been known for wealth and opulence. But the area's history is rich in so many ways. Today we'll tackle how the area came to be, from indigenous tribes to Flagler's train, and the birth of tourism. We'll hear the story of early pioneers and learn how the Palm Beaches became synonymous with the arts. I'm Frank Licari, and that's all on this episode of On the Town in the Palm Beaches, the History and Culture episode. [Announcer] This program is brought to you by Discover the Palm Beaches. Visit ThePalmBeaches.TV for more information. Hey, On the Towners, I'm standing in the shadow of the oldest structure in the Palm Beaches, the Jupiter Inlet Lighthouse. It's been helping sailors navigate dangerous waters since the 1860s. But the story of the Palm Beaches starts long before that. How long, you ask? Well, let me introduce you to a few friends who have all the answers. Most people don't know the history that's in this area, but you all do, right? We certainly do. Yeah. We do our best. I can see it in your eyes. You keep saying that. I wanna break this down. So, Eliot, can you talk to me about the cradle of Palm Beach County civilization? How did it begin? When the Europeans arrived in the early 1500s, there were probably a 1/2 million indigenous peoples in Florida, first nations. And now we name our regions after them. There were the Tequesta, the Calusa. There were the Timucuas, and the Apalachee. So we name all these places after the Indian groups that we wiped out. May I introduce Yes. William Jenkins Worth? Is he here? He's very important Please. To our conversation. So we're going to ask Mr. Eliot Kleinberg if he kind of can connect William Jenkins Worth with the conversation that we just had as far as the Seminoles. Challenge flag, that was a challenge. The second Seminole War was the most vicious and the most unpopular. So the head of the US forces was a fellow named William Jenkins Worth. Ta da! And one day Colonel Worth decided that he was tired of this war, so he unilaterally declared it over. [Helen] And they actually honored him in 1842 by naming the body of water that we call Lake [Debi] But just a few years later in 1860, they were very busy up in Jupiter, building the Jupiter Inlet Lighthouse. That was our first European group of people to be here. [Helen] How old is the lighthouse? It was built in 1860. 1860? 1860. I'll let you do the math. That's all right. There's no math being done, this is a history table. But nobody told me we were doing math. But Debi, you have to tell Frank who built the Jupiter Lighthouse. Well, he actually didn't build it, but he did design it. Who designed it? George Mead, he was an architect, and he was down and visited the site, as did Robert E Lee in the 1850s. On the eastern seaboard, South Florida was the last region of pioneering, and that's approximately this same time. Right, the same time period. We were the last frontier. Give me that one thing that nobody would ever know. [Josh] The lens is really historic, one of 13 in the entire United States, first order that's still active in the lighthouse. Older than anything else, besides the lighthouse, in Palm Beach County. So if that breaks? Irreplaceable. Irreplaceable. You can't like tape it? Well, there is a middle crossbar up there that helps hold it together. One of lenses was damaged by a hurricane, but it's so well made that even with that damage, Still works. It was on a trip to St. Augustine when Henry Flagler first realized Florida had the potential to become a tourist mecca. All it needed was some grand hotels and a way to get there. So Henry Flagler built both. In 1894, he opened Palm Beaches' first resort, The Royal Poinciana Hotel and his Florida East Coast Railway laid its first tracks in the area. That railroad brought with it both tourists and early pioneers, and riding the rails back north, the bounty of Florida's early crops: pineapples, bell peppers, and strawberries. How do we move into where this goes from this fighting kind of land to when does it start where it's like, hey, we should settle this. We agree that Flagler, Henry Flagler. Flagler. I would disagree with that. I'm so sorry. I want an arm wrestle for this. I would too. This is fantastic. No, no, no, no, no. 1860, on the census, there were two people mentioned, and they were both just keepers at the light. They were waiting for the permanent keeper. So there may have been other people living here secretly. I agree with Debi. I agree with Debi that there were people here, but I think it took the finance, money of Flagler to Change it greatly. Make the change. We've got some agreement there. You guys okay? Thank you for sitting between us. Okay, yeah, I wanna make sure that, yeah. Essentially, Flagler comes down here and he builds what? [Rick] He promptly started buying up all the land, and in 1894 he opened the Royal Poinciana Hotel. How long does commerce take for it to take hold? About 10 minutes. 10 minutes, right? Well, yeah. Right away. [Debi] A lot of people came down here, were here in 1893. They laid out the town of West Palm Beach and started putting in businesses. That's where the commerce was going to be. [Frank] This is one of the oldest churches in Palm Beach County. Its roots go back to 1893 when the Payne Chapel AME Church opened its doors in an area known as The Sticks. That was the cheap, temporary housing area for the AfricanAmericans building Flagler's hotels and railroad. The church moved West in 1925 to a new building designed by the city's only black architect, Hazel Augustus. It was a popular spot. Right around the same time, the Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church opened next door, and both churches continue to serve the community. Sometimes when you go into a church, it's just a church until the congregation shows up, right? But this one, you walk in and it has an immediate spirit, you can feel an energy when you come in. I'm gonna start with the pastor. What is so special about this church for you? One of the really unique things is this was the first site for school for AfricanAmerican children here in this place. So this church has always had a feeling and a passion for education, and also for social justice, those kind of things that made a difference. [Frank] Dorothy, tell me the role you play in this church. [Dorothy] I was born in this church back in the days when I had to come to church four times a day. That is faith on overdrive right there. I saw the building of this church when I was a girl, when the men were on scaffolds putting those bricks up. That's gotta be an interesting feeling coming to church every Sunday, knowing that you've been here through all of its history, right? 90 plus years. [Frank] 90 plus years, wow. Today kids can say, I don't think I feel like going to church. That was not part of it. When you woke up, you knew that on Sunday you were goin' to church. And you didn't mind it because, as I said, you got to see people that you wouldn't see all the time. [Frank] It was home. [Jacqueline] It was always home. [Pastor] This is the highest point in Palm Beach County, and so that kind of gives us a uniqueness also. Everyone knows about the house on the hill, that's what Tab is. Cemeteries often hold the key to a community's rich history. Filled with dates, names, and stories, the Evergreen Cemetery is the final resting place for some of Palm Beach County's most influential black citizens for over 85 years. Some of the more notable ones are Dr. T. Leroy Jefferson, the area's first black physician, and J. W. Minkins, who was an early educator. Let's talk to Dr. Alisha Winn and Debbye Raing to tell us a little bit more about this sacred place. This is the site of Evergreen Cemetery, AfricanAmerican cemetery, which was initially started October 23rd in 1913, by founders. One, the first black midwife, Mildred Gildersleeve, and many others came together, purchased at least nine acres of land and it is known to be Florida's first incorporated cemetery that was privately owned and operated by AfricanAmericans. The founders of putting this particular cemetery together, Mildred Gildersleeve is buried here. And T. Leroy Jefferson, he was the first black doctor. And he lived in The Sticks first, and then into West Palm Beach, so he was the only black doctor to service the entire black community during that time. [Frank] So this still remains a very important, sort of sacred place in the community? [Eliot] We're at the corner of 25th Street and Tamarind Avenue, about a mile or two north of downtown West Palm Beach. Behind us are 700 bodies. Behind us here? Yes. This might very well be the most underacknowledged historic site in all America. For 60 years, there was nothing. There was a field. That road back there was extended and relocated, and some of the bodies are under the street. [Frank] How is that possible? Well, all of the victims were black. 1920s Florida was in the deep South, and that adds to the tragedy that was and is the forgotten hurricane of 1928. The fact that most people never heard of it, might be the fact that people just can't keep track of all the hurricanes, it was followed by the depression. The hurricane itself killed more people than any natural disaster in the history of the United States, the only exception being the great Galveston, Texas hurricane. Sunday morning, September 16th, 1928, the storm is here. It did not curve. Did not curve. They were floating around in 10, 12, 15 feet of water over land. Drowned 3000 people. 674 black people were carted to this spot, and a bulldozer dug a hole, and the bodies went in. Then there's an architectural kind of boom, right, as the area starts to define itself a little bit. Palm Beach had developed into a popular winter destination. And the South of France, that was also a winter destination. But World War I changed all that. A gentleman named Paris Singer, 23rd child of Isaac Singer, who invented the Singer sewing machine. He was staying down here for the season. He invited a gentleman down from up north named Addison Mizner. They thought, you know, we're not gonna be going to the South of France anytime soon. Let's recreate the Riviera here in the United States, and it's gonna be here in Palm Beach. With grand hotels came grand houses as the Palm Beaches became more popular. Now while most architects were working in the Mediterranean Revival style, it was famed architect, Addison Mizner, who defined the style in the 1920s. He designed 67 structures in Palm Beach, 27 in Boca, and 10 elsewhere around the county. Among some of his hottest properties, were the Everglades Club, the Boca Raton Resort and Club, and the Boynton Women's Club, as well as this beautiful structure right here. Have you ever wondered how Addison Mizner came up with his great ideas? Well, he used to spend days on end in his office and come out here to his balcony and create all these great concepts. Let's speak to someone who can tell us a little bit more about the history of the Addison. The Addison was built in 1926 by Addison Mizner, developed all of Boca in the 1920s, and the Addison really was his office where all of his architects and developers came to do business. He would bring his clients right off the train into the Addison, do business. He would wine and dine his clients, and then basically send them on their way to the Cloisters for the day. [Frank] So not only, this was his creative hub, right? Everything kind of flowed through here, but this is kind of was his sales office too. He would bring people Absolutely. And schmooze them a little bit. Actually, it also functioned as a visual example of what Boca Raton was supposed to look like as it was being developed. Describe for me what is the Mizner look? [Melanie] It was inspired very much by his travels to Spain, so it's got a lot of that Spanish architecture. He's known for his beautiful arches. Also you'll notice in a lot of his buildings, he's got the Pecky Cypress ceilings. So it's got really beautiful wood with the texture inside. He was identified as like basically the primary architect and the developer of the area. [Frank] That's incredible. So now the Addison is a private event venue. So we do corporate events, we do weddings, social events. We have an amazing team, actually, in our kitchen. We're fivestar diamond awarded team. Where we're sitting right now is where we do our wedding ceremonies. Beautiful. So bride, groom. So if we were getting married, We would be, this would be where we would sit and just sort of gaze into each other's eyes. We would be over towards the fountain saying our do's under the arch. Right. It feels romantic, doesn't it? It does, it does. And awkward all at the same time. Yeah, it's a beautiful thing. It really is. Mizner's architecture can also be found along Palm Beach's most famous shopping destination, Worth Avenue. There, you'll find fashion's hottest boutiques among Mediterraneanstyle courtyards and alley getaways. But Worth Avenue isn't the only spot for worldclass shopping in the Palm Beaches. Fashionistas will find PGA Commons and Royal Poinciana Plaza to the north, and in Boca, they can enjoy Mizner Park's mix of shops and fine dining. There's also a lot of specialty shops in the region. I hear this next spot has been selling women's clothes for over 100 years. Let's take a peak inside and see how much fashion has changed since 1895. So give me a little history of how we got here. Well, my family actually came down on the train with Henry Flagler in 1890s, early 1890s, and they started Anthony's in 1895. Who's they? My grandfather's older brothers. It became a full line department store, probably in the 30s and 40s. We had women's, men's. [Frank] Oh so you had everything? [Anthony] We had cosmetics. Like Burdine's was the store in Miami, so we were the department store here. [Frank] You've got a really niche, [Anthony] Totally, and we know who we're after. We don't sway from that at all. Not only have past and present presidents made Palm Beach County their winter White House, but here's a fun fact. What do Rod Stewart, Jimmy Buffet, JFK, and Arnold Schwarzenegger all have in common? They've all bellied up to this counter here at Green's Pharmacy. In this store, you don't know who's sitting next to you. We've had Hollywood. We've had senators. We've had Jimmy Buffet, and he's in here all the time. He just gets treated like he was you. Oh, I doubt it, 'cause I get treated very terribly so far. And we don't chase anybody. If we find that we see them, we don't chase them for autographs. Of course, my employees have been told, you do that, don't come back. I want you to know that I give autographs out freely, so if you'd let your employees know I'm an open book, no problem. The Paramount Movie Theater was another local hotspot. In its glory days, you could catch a glimpse of famous celebrities. Currently, it houses a church and thankfully, still a good bit of movie memorabilia. When it opened, was considered one of the fanciest movie theaters in the entire country. Now you have to think that why would that be in Palm Beach? Well, a lot of folks who were financing films were in Palm Beach, so there was an attempt to impress them and make sure they really supported future films. When the movie theater closed, but the Paramount Complex stayed open, we came in 1994, long after it had been converted from a theater to office space. I founded Paramount Church in 1994. People continued to come into the Paramount daily because many have been here when it was a historical theater, and we have an extensive photographic exhibit that is open to the public every day, showing the history of the Paramount Theater, who was here and attended the films in the 1920s, 30s, 40s, 50s. [Frank] You can't talk about Palm Beach County history without talking about Burt Reynolds. And there's not a lot of small areas like this where you can say, oh, there's a celebrity that was born and raised and grown out of this sort of area. So let's talk about the Burt Reynolds Theater. It opened in 1979, and he had it for exactly 10 years. He brought all of the biggest names into town. And I have met people that traveled from the Midwest just to come and see shows and performances here. I mean, he really and truly put Jupiter on the map. [Frank] Every year, the Palm Beach's Student Showcase of Films happens, I get to host it, which is so much fun. And we're now calling this kind of the home of the Student Showcase of Films because every year, Burt would be here with yourself and you would interview for the Burt Reynolds scholarships for all the students. Andrew Cater was wonderful and opened up this space here. We would meet each of these blowyoursocksoff, incredibly talented young people. He loved that process, being able to meet them. He would talk to them and he would interview them. That was always very special to see. Because you felt like you knew him. He was just down home Burt. That's actually a really great way to describe him, because I do think everybody felt that they knew him. And that's what he wanted. And he appreciated and loved his fans so much. What are the things that makes you part of a community, right, is its arts and its culture. Can we all agree on that? So let's talk about that part of the area, which I think is where we're getting to with society, culture, arts, JFK, all of the things that we wanna sort of bring in here. The theater, all of these things, are what make the area a Special. A home. What makes an area a home on the island? I think the best place is to start someplace like Debi, because she represents all of Palm Beach County. When you go to visit her museum, The little historical society? That little thing? She represents all of us. One of the more modern people that may have, that really looked at our community as a whole, and whether or not this would be a viable place to bring a business, was Alex Dreyfuss. He's the one who began the drive for the Kravis Center. That was just the ultimate. There were many, many more facilities, especially in Palm Beach. I think probably the first important cultural institution was the Society for Arts in Palm Beach. Because absolutely there was a need for these wealthy folks coming down to Palm Beach in the winter months to have a place to go check out a book, or to attend a lecture, Go to the movies. Or go to the art exhibit. Palm Beach Opera has been in existence since 1961, and we're entering our 57th season. And we've performed for over 50 years in South Florida. We rehearse all of our performances here. Then we take them into the Kravis Center, and we perform our shows. ♪ Figaro there, Figaro up ♪ ♪ Figaro down ♪ Palm Beach Opera likes to focus also on education and community engagement programs, and each season we reach about 19,000 kids and adults throughout three counties for free. Each season, we also take one of our main stage productions and reduce it down for a onehour performance, specifically for children. It's a really great opportunity for families and kids. [Debi] If you haven't had an opportunity to visit the Norton recently, their addition is just absolutely gorgeous. Yeah, that's magnificent. I think it's the first major fine art museum in the state of Florida. It started initially as not only a museum, it was also an art school. So my mother took art classes there, along with many other local folks. So it really had a double function of exhibiting this collection from Ralph Norton, which then grew over time. When you walk in here, it really feels like you're in a grand place. Feels like you could pluck this and put it in New York or Washington. Tell me about the collections that you have here, because as you walk around, it's pretty impressive. First of all, I'm so glad you said that. I'm so glad you asked that, because, I'm really good at what I do, Scott, very good. I can tell that. Yeah, I'm a professional. The Norton has probably one of the broadest collections of art in Florida. We have American art, pre1960, contemporary art, post1960, European art, Chinese art, and photography. One of the interesting things about the founder, Ralph Norton, is that he wanted the West to become more familiar with the East, and he has assembled one of the world class collections of Chinese jade and bronze and porcelain. It's a small but mighty collection that's pretty much known throughout the world. From festivals featuring 3D chalk painting to art in public places to colorful murals popping up on buildings all over town, the Palm Beaches celebrate the arts in all mediums. Let's paint the town at the Lake Worth Art League. Tell me what the Lake Worth Art League or LWAL is. [Brunny] It's a gathering place for wonderful artists to meet. They must be wonderful though. They are just terrific. Some of the artwork is done by emerging artists,. Then we have our inbetween artists, who are taking classes and wanna exhibit their artwork here. And it's a wonderful place to hang your art. Maybe it won't get sold, maybe it will, but you'll have a lot of fun on Fridays. The first Friday of the month. First Friday of the month? We have a reception. Okay, what is the reception entail? I bring my little stuff with me? No, you bring no stuff. I bring no stuff, I just meet people? You bring something to snack on. Oh, so it's like a potluck reception. Yes, exactly. Thank you. [Brunny] People who are, everybody, it's for everybody. Anybody walking down the street can come in, and we welcome them. [Frank] And this is a bunch of artists sitting around. Not sitting. Talking. No, you're standing. We're standing. Okay, sorry, I'm sorry. Most of us. I didn't mean to, I would never assume that artists would be sitting. No, we wanna be mobile, No, the energy is, yes. And talk about the Artists. Artists, that's it. Yes, yes. You should come on a Friday. I should come on a Friday. We're in Howley's Restaurant. It is the oldest working restaurant in Palm Beach County. Is that right? Yes, it is. [Frank] How did we get here? It was built in 1950. It was owned by the Howley's family, and it was four young girls working here, Howley's daughters. [Frank] How young? Probably teenagers. Teenagers, okay. They did everything. They cooked? He cooked. Oh, he cooked. And they served, The dad? It was family owned and operated. So the dad cooked, the girls served the food. Okay 1950, wow. [Katie] It's good quality food, made to order, with a friendly smile. My little angels of history. Look what I did. I went into the kitchen. You did this yourself? With these hands, Helen, with these hands. And I made us Eggs Howley, named after the restaurant. Can I interest you? Wonderful. You're all full? I am full, thank you. You're good. Eliot is not going to indulge us in a Maryland crab cake. We ready? [All] Yes. Let's all do it together. I need to have a smaller bite. Let's all do it together. Ready, one, two, three. Very good, Frank. Not bad, right? [Helen] And you did this all by yourself? Oh yeah, all by myself. Just an inside tip for Howley's, it is a late night diner. So it stays open very, very late. I was told. You can come here for dinner at one or two 5:00 a.m. I heard in the morning. They open on the weekend. On the weekend. So everyone, to history. Thank you so much for a wonderful time. I have left with so much knowledge. Oh good. There'll be a test. And I came with nothing, as usual. We checked out the area's oldest building, the Jupiter Inlet Lighthouse. While our historians helped us explore Henry Flagler's role in creating the modern tourism industry. And we learned, among other stories, how one of the area's oldest arts institutions, The Norton, has evolved into a modern day world class museum. We hope you'll get out and explore these cultural gems and be sure to join us the next time we go On the Town in the Palm Beaches. Do I look like that? What a beautiful gown. [Announcer] This program was brought to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @lolamyers3523 [2 likes]: He took the land from the black peoples of the island, brought them to the main land. Set all their homes and everything on the Island on fire, fool them like they were have a picnic on the main land,so he took Palm beach island from the black people
  2. @SuperKae2000 [1 likes]: this was so fascinating! thanks you for this!
  3. @douglasvancier7683 [1 likes]: Now the locals HATE Trump living there, especially after he caused the insurrection on the US capitol.
  4. @bornreal4realbnt [1 likes]: Thank you so much for highlighting the STYX <3 thank you thank you!! 561,FL
  5. @studentjohn35: Was quite surprised that Testa's on Royal Poinciana (founded 1921) failed to even get a passing mention

- CAN YOU AFFORD TO BUY A BOAT? WPB boat show: Kind: captions Language: en okay we're standing here at the entrance to the Palm Beach Boat Show 2023 and as you can see there are some beautiful yachts people just out enjoying the day on their small ball Riders on the intercoastal out here in West Palm Beach perfect day then we have a Tidewater a little band when you first walk in this is where all your center consoles are located Tidewater dealership this area is a 198 210 and 220 set up everybody's getting very cosmetically the boats look awesome I'm not so sure that the building quality is any different this here is a 99 900 or 100 000 boat for this 232 single engine Yamaha no electronics installed as we were walking I was sitting here thinking to myself but and everything is kind of geared towards pleasure like these electric books right here they go offshore but the pricing is going through the roof the average person can't afford these boats and if you're looking at the liver boards now you're talking that's going to be those of us that are looking towards retirement [Music] but we sit here and mostly We're Dreaming people can't afford it 11 Georgetown I don't even know what this is or what it would be used for other than just pleasure so as we were walking on this aisle here you can see this is Summerland porch mouth New Hampshire looks like a lot of the Boating industry is really starting to cater towards the you know the the day the weekend just going out and enjoying yourself on that that well you got to call them Yachts at least a category enjoy yourself for the day most these boats now can't be handled by one or two people what do we have here this is more of you down each style we look at a couple of these in the last Boat Show debris was in there right if you're looking for Comfort you're looking for a style this is exactly what you want to be in back cover yards we've been a couple of these too we've got on a couple of these back covers I really enjoyed the back Cove this is a 390 and the 340. they're outboard powered that 390's got three triple 400 the veratos and then you got twins on your 340 and it is again it's going to be somewhere along the lines of that weekend you might be able to you can do the loop on it I suppose but it's not gonna be a comfortable boat for a long term when you're looking at comfort you better start looking into that at least 35 to 40 foot range you know you think you have a big boat until you walk around take a look at what some of the bigger boats are and then you walk a little further you see boats even bigger than the ones you thought were big I do like these Flemings beautiful boats I'm just going to take a look here they got a few Flemings for sale here 96. 2003 2000 2012 is that new Fleming 55. got his classic lines and there's a located in Stuart Florida we actually live in Stuart I drive by that facility all the time beautiful place dog fish with a little dinghy up top Grogan Express definitely blue Watership here in North Haven the North Haven line not only do you get that classic look you're getting that quality that goes with it you know what I'd really like to see you come over here and you do see some used yachts you do see some of these custom Yachts like this one we're coming up on right here I do not know what this is hopefully they're gonna have a little history on it but this is the Edmonston Maiden foul mouth not sure what that is coming out here at the very end where the Blue Water super Yachts are located and as you can see when I say super yacht I mean super yacht so these are your mega Mega Millions and a matter of fact I'm not even going to be able to go any further it doesn't wrap around like I did last year beautiful I would imagine just the cost of operation that this thing is in the Millions okay back on the main pathway here and as you can see people everything from just relaxing chilling enjoying the day it's a little hot though actually it's a lot hot I'm gonna make our way back over to the inside I think Laura's having a hard time with the heat here a little bit like we were saying earlier though this this trip up here to West Palm these are mainly you know you come into these boat shows nowadays it's the elite it's the you know the multi-million dollar yachts you have even uh center consoles and uh fishing boats or half million million dollar boats I wish to I wish that they had a a boat show that was tailored specifically to the middle class what I mean by that is you know we have some used boats here but they're yachts it would be nice to go to a boat show where everything that you're looking at is something that someone in our category we could afford we're under 250 000. or when we're looking at those in our case the liverboards the loot boats those boats that are the ones that we're going to be looking at for our retirement that we're already looking at I mean this is nice to look at I guess you'd call this the uh main row or the strip it goes right down the main I think this is uh Flagler Drive this is where all the vendors are located this is where all the little shops if that's what you want to call them and set up and then all your boats are out on the intercoastal out there and this right here is kind of neat if you're looking for something specific you're probably going to find it on this little strip we're walking down right now so we can get a snuber we just passed the snooba so it would be awesome too the only problem with that is you're going to have when we're talking about stupid guys we're talking about a new not scuba diving it's not snorkeling but it is a compressor that's on a raft and that allows you to go down attached to a line and spending a lot of time underwater but not having to carry that carry that tank on your back this is General Raymarine Sim ride pretty sure we're gonna have some Garmin at some point they do installation and again back up here to some dinghies Walker Bay great company great quality great prices to go with it I don't know about most you guys but most of what I'm looking at when I'm looking into these dinghies I'm looking for the accessories whether it's I'm not even gonna miss words because the accessories for the boat if it is the rigging for the boat I'm looking in for the used uh Department because that's about all we can afford anymore I think this is gonna just about end our little tour there's Garmin I personally like Garmin they're much user friendly in my opinion here we have some Northern Lights AC units talking about anything you want to find you're going to find it up here I don't see a lot of people doing videos of these tents like this where all your accessories and all the things you need there's a sea keeper now if you've got the funds for a sea keeper then by all means but I would spend my money on these valve and Stern thrusters that we're walking by right now here's uh some dinghy davits we've got some anchors I mean look at this even these stainless steel angles polished here are some of the emergency life rafts this is by Viking which actually Lord I may look into when we do our Crossings Bahamas places like that well you know you come to these boat shows and you see these prices and you wonder who can afford them well right here we have a boat with a big old sold sign on it and a little flat boat right ahead of it with a sold sign on it so you know you think about these events like this not only are they making profit off of well the 62 dollars I just paid but there are boats being sold here there are people that are coming here and they are actually purchasing these boats there's another sold sign over there I don't know what that's on that was on a Pathfinder I'm looking at the Key West the reason I walked over here is I just sold my Key West I'm hoping to see my boat over here with a price tag on it and what is this 219 FS actually and this is exactly the boat I own that I just sold and we have it for 94 000. without the trailer four stroke 200 on it and someone's gonna purchase that boat at some point I paid UH 60 we had 67 000 out the door on our Key West Lar Ry now that included my trailer that included my Avionics that included um well everything you needed to get started the boat itself was 52 000 right and now over there we're looking 90 some thousand dollars for the exact same boat with the same amenities on it actually mine had more and that was between 2017 and today that's that's quite the markup for the same product the only thing they've changed is the material in the seats some of the coloring combinations between the seats and the the hole itself but I'm telling you that's the exact same boat I just sold and I sold my boat for forty five thousand dollars after having it for seven years and the gentleman that purchased the boat even thought it was a great deal and it was because I'm watching when uh not watching but I did a little research and everybody was asking 50 50. five thousand dollars for the boat that like I just said priced out at 52 000 without all the electronics on it in a trailer so as of right now anyway the Investments there you can't get your money back

  Top Comments:
  1. @greybeard277 [1 likes]: It's not so much that things are rising in price as it is the currency is fiat and failing by design.
  2. @GBB_Gamer: The middle class is priced out of the boating market and none of these manufacturers care.
  3. @alexnutcasio936: Sadly, isn’t this the case with everything these days?  From homes to cars to boats, the price of everything has gone ballistic.

- Total $ Cost to Buy a Boat & Run it From Maine to Florida: Kind: captions Language: en for those of you that don't know me my name is gus and i took a boat from portland maine to miami florida this is exactly how much money it took me to buy a boat and take it down the entire east coast yachting is not only reserved for the rich and famous and i'd like to be living proof that even those without a lot of money like myself can live the wonderful boat life you don't need a multi-million dollar yacht like these to have just as much fun so this video is going to be all about how much it cost me to take this boat from maine to florida [Music] wow some of you may be thinking how did this 23 year old kid afford to do this i saw everything in the comments section from he's a trust fund kid to mommy and daddy supported this trip well my parents offered me every piece of support that i could ever need but no financial support this was on me this is actually not as expensive as you may think and with some hard work it's possible for anyone the first and main expense of this entire trip was buying the boat the boat was 25 000 but rest assured you can spend a lot less than 25 000 and still get a boat capable of doing this trip the total amount of money that i had to put into this boat before we left for the trip was 11 956 dollars this number reflects material only since i was able to do all the work myself i saved a ton of money this included everything from wiring to heavy duty alternators new bilge pumps new float switches two new battery charging systems a new main battery switch new batteries a new inverter rebuilt toilet pumps all new sewage lines a new sewage tank a new fuel tank all led lighting throughout the cabins a new hot water heater a state-of-the-art garmin navigation system loaded with some of the best charts available a fresh coat of bottom paint a new oil pan on the starboard side engine a new shaft coupler on the starboard side transmission all new shaft packing for the rudders and the prop shafts and much much more so now for the question that i've heard again and again how much fuel did it really take to get this boat from maine to florida our total fuel burn on this entire trip all the way from portland maine to miami florida totaled to be 3732.86 the 1031.12 gallons at an average of 3.62 cents per gallon some of the cheapest fuel we got was in chesapeake city maryland and it was three dollars and 10 cents per gallon some of the most expensive fuel we got was in atlantic city that was four dollars and 20 cents per gallon now fuel is rising and uh it's going to make this trip a little bit more expensive our average fuel cost down the entire east coast was 3.62 cents per gallon my boat is designated as what's called a fast trawler meaning the hole is a modified v-hull type boat it is also known as a semi-planing hole this is so that you can cruise at a faster speed than a full displacement trawler well you might be wondering why would you buy a slow trawler if you could buy a fast trawler well one of the main sacrifices is that you lose your full peel a full kill helps a lot with stability so when you don't have one you lose some stability also the keel provides some prop protection for this boat that doesn't seem to be much of an issue however we decided to take the cruise at full displacement speed which immensely helped with our fuel savings my average cruise speed was eight knots at 1300 rpm with an average fuel burn of four gallons per hour some of you may remember the day that we cruised up the delaware bay to the cnd canal we had to get some miles under our belt so that we wouldn't get stuck in the delaware bay that day we ran the boat at 16 knots at 2200 rpm just to give you an idea of the difference in fuel burn at that speed we burned an average of 32 gallons per hour that day that was an expensive day but our total fuel costs for the trip reflect that day as well one of the biggest costs for people that are traveling by boat is transient dockage and transient mortgage that is one thing that we did not spend a lot of money on we mostly anchored this resulted in insane cost savings when it came to transient dockage a lot of boaters like the security of being tied up to a dock at the end of their trip and they don't have to worry about dragging their anchor they're also supplied with shore power fresh water and other amenities of being at a marina in my opinion anchoring is what really ties together an amazing boating trip we anchored in extremely remote places like sandhol creek in north carolina you go outside and there is nothing around you it is great and the best part about it it's free if you wanted to factor transient dockage into your trip expenses you'd need to consider at least two to four dollars per foot per marina that you stop at the pricing depends mostly on the location of the marina my total transient dockage and mortgage costs were 371 dollars on the entire trip down the coast the only places that we paid for mortgage and dockage were new york city it was 120 for the night we wanted to go into the city and we weren't comfortable leaving the boat on anchor so we could have the peace of mind of leaving the boat safe while we explored the city in moorhead city north carolina we paid 20 dollars to stay on the sanitary restaurant dock we did this because it just made sense in saint augustine we rented a mooring for 26 because it was rather windy and we wanted to go to shore once we got to miami we spent 205 dollars on a mooring for a week another huge expense on any boat trip is maintenance costs i made sure my boat was in tip-top shape before we left for the trip which resulted in very few issues one of the issues that i had was one of my rebuilt raw water pumps fell apart unfortunately i check my engine bay at least once a day while we're underway and i noticed this pump was leaking before it completely failed so i decided to just buy a brand new pump 450 raw water pump most of the issues that the boat had on the trip were small issues that did not require any parts to fix rather just some labor and diagnostics a lot of repairs are what i'd call labor only repairs wiring issues little leaks things that just need a hose clamp and a new terminal saltwater boats have this inherent issue with corroding parts everything turns to crap in salt water anybody can fix their own boat it's just a matter of taking the time to go on the internet and learn about fixing your own boat if you do this you will save a ton of money i did not keep track of the hours that i put into my boat labor-wise however i would estimate at the very least i put 250 hours worth of labor into my boat i would say the average marina charges about 100 to 120 dollars per hour for their time yeah do the math on that one my only other maintenance cost on this entire trip was one oil change that i did in west palm beach that oil change cost me 178 dollars if i were to have done this trip on a sailboat i could cut my fuel costs at least in half if not even more one totally avoidable expense that i'll call personal pleasure which includes going out to restaurants and bars and stuff like that was thirteen hundred and fifty six dollars that's what i spent total on restaurants and bars and also includes a new wetsuit that i bought in south carolina a spear pole that i bought in south carolina and some other goodies some of that 1356 dollars also includes free dockage at restaurants that we went to for example shem creek charleston south carolina or the charleston crab house thank you guys for that so we didn't go out to eat every night we also spent a lot on groceries our total grocery bill all the way down the east coast was 609.26 this was all the meals that i cooked and all the food that we ate while we were on the boat insurance the only recurring cost that i have boat related is insurance i have a plan through progressive it's 230 dollars per month and it's an agreed value of 40 000 if my boat were to get totaled crashed into a rock sunk swept away by a hurricane you name it it's covered 230 dollars a month you can't go wrong some other expenses beer we spent 130 on beer down the entire east coast all the way to miami so what did we cover the cost of the boat the cost of making this boat seaworthy the cost of the fuel the cost of dockage and mortgage advantages of anchoring the cost of groceries personal pleasure costs like going out to eat and going to bars cost of beer and the recurring expenses like insurance and any applicable maintenance costs that applied during this trip for anybody interested in traveling down the east coast or wherever by boat i'd highly recommend a taiwanese trawler if you're on a budget i posted a really interesting article on the facebook group about taiwanese trawlers their advantages disadvantages and why you may or may not want to buy one if you'd like you can check it out the link for the facebook group will be posted in the description so with that said the total amount of money that it took me to do this trip was 43 784 dollars and that includes absolutely everything that i had to pay for to make this trip happen including the price of the boat for anybody that wants to do the full boat trip i will say 50 000 is a realistic budget for buying a boat and taking it down the entire east coast if any of you are at all curious of what it takes to drive a boat from maine to florida check out my youtube series if you like the videos let's rack up the likes and hit that subscribe button as always thank you for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @RutherfordTony [85 likes]: Thanks for sharing all of your videos. What kind of work did you do? Just curious.
  2. @born2wander2 [1 likes]: Hey folks, I'm John from Chicagoland area. Just turned 63 & I'll be officially retired on 01/01/26. Looking at Carver Skybridge models among others. Average length of 34' . Headed out of Michigan on the ICW  south as soon as the lock & dam schedule opens. Headed for The Keys , rent a mooring ball for under $ 400.00 a month & that includes pumpout weekly , dinghy dock , showers, coin laundry , clubhouse & all amenities. This young man has singlehandedly mastered the whole scheme . I'm waiting for him to write a book. Log in all the best places for fuel , free places to dock etc... Good job my man & don't pay the haters no mind . "Because your different, because you're free . Deep down inside your everything they wish they could be"
  3. @paxwallacepiano [1 likes]: Sure with your impressive engine/electric/and ancillary systems expertise along with the fact that you are a nice guy in your 20s pursuing your dreams it's these factors that allowed you to succeed. I have produced uncanny results because I've forgotten more music theory than most musicians will ever learn but wouldn't recommend my life paths to anyone not possessing that knowledge. Very few members of your audience are actually in the position to accomplish your rather impressive feats young man. That's why your channel is blowing up!(I'm 65 btw and lived from 1999 till 2021 all over Europe making my living as a Jazz pianist composer teacher. I had one marriage, now divorced during that time)
  4. @kennyev: I want to buy my first boat,
Which is the best place to buy a good boat with best price.
  5. @robertengster5643: Gus thank you for sharing. Really honest and helpful.
  6. @thomaslabantt6625: i thought for sure you paid 150g  for that boat
  7. @JamesFrank-w4h: I'm planning a similar trip only it's Rockland Maine to Key West. I have the boat which is almost ready and estimated expenses are $18,000.00 including the boat. I did all the work myself and have done numerous boat deliveries up and down the East Coast. I'm 72 years old so this might be one of my last long trips. I've also done numerous trips up and down to Alaska over the years so I'd like to do that again also.
  8. @JoeBilello1969: I think you're a little nuts suggesting that anybody can do this, i mean how many people have almost 50 grand to do this??? You described it like it was buying a used R-V and going upstate, which would still be at least 20 grand to do it right and safely 😂😅😊
  9. @TheThingsWeShouldKeepInMind: Awesome video
  10. @marcmakes1725: Are there tips for the ladies in that $1356 misc money? LOL just kidding just kidding.
  11. @trentkiewicz21: There's a cat
  12. @sharonrusso6994: But how do you earn your money to pay for boat and trips
  13. @aaron___6014: How did he find this boat for so cheap?
  14. @Alan-n2y6l: How much was the Broward to buy?  Was it a school donation and is that the best way to buy a larger one?
  15. @nicklesueur1893: cool videos bro
  16. @jimweston3931: whoa!!  who's the kitty cat?  🙂
  17. @45searay: Great video…..
  18. @Rpotts1999: 40g's is still tough
  19. @PA96704: Awesome!
  20. @MrJonandersen: Im 70 years old.  I called it "living the dream  in the engine room".  I cleaned my 8V92 intercoolers with gasoline in the mangroves.  (I  was environmentally cautious) ..   but WHAT a mess LOL.  today, I'm a pretty  good mechanic because of my boating experience,  I did ALL of my own work, too.  I carried plenty of spare parts.  Limped into many a port.  Got scolded by the Bahamian navy for pulling into a secured area in a hurricane.  Fun to watch your trip.  F Y I.. my arms are a mess; between sun damage, old age, and engine room cuts/scrapes.  Wear long sleeves, especially in the sun.

- 💸 The REAL Cost of Living on a Boat in California | Marina Fees, Liveaboard Costs & Hidden Expenses: Kind: captions Language: en You want to live on a boat in California? You might want to think again. Monthly slip fees are some of the highest in the country. Brennan Island 350 a month. Brisbane 400 a month. Sacramento 500 a month. Yacht Haven Marina 600. Pier 32700. And don't even think about getting anywhere near Long Beach. King Harbor Marina is 1,200 a month. [Music] Living on a boat in California sounds like the ultimate dream. Waking up on the water, sunsets over the bay, and maybe even saving a little money compared to renting an apartment. But what does it actually cost? Today, we're going to break down the real numbers of living on a boat in California. From the hidden fees to the big expenses, and even which regions are cheaper than others. Spoiler though, the dream is still alive, but it's not as cheap as some people think. Let's start with the biggest ongoing expense, your slip fee. A slip is basically a parking spot for the boat. And in California, slip rates are usually charged by the foot per month, and the range is wide. In the Bay Area, you're looking at roughly $8 to $15 per foot per month, depending on the marina. So, if you have like, let's say, a 35 ft sailboat, that's anywhere between 300 and 550 bucks every month just to tie the boat up. But if you head south into San Diego or Los Angeles, things get a little bit spicy. There, slips can run $25 to even $50 per foot. That same 35 ft boat suddenly cost you $900 to $1,700 a month to tie up. But here's the kicker. Not every marina allows you to live on your boat, and if they do, they almost always tack on a live aboard fee. Think of it like rent for the right to actually sleep on your boat. At Berkeley Marina in the Bay Area, that's an extra $220 bucks every month for the liabboard fee. At Treasure Island Yacht Harbor, the liverboard fee is $337. In San Diego at Pier 32, it's 500 a month for a single person and nearly 600 a month for a couple. At Konakai Marina, a resort style spot on Shelter Island. They charge about $600 just for the privilege of living aboard on top of some of the highest slip fees in the state. Now, also utilities. You think you're surrounded by water and that means unlimited access, right? Not quite. Most marinas provide dockside water, but electricity is often metered and built separately. If you run heaters or dehumidifiers or live aboard full-time with a fridge and lights and maybe even a little space heater for those chilly bay nights, that can add up. Some marinas include power, but don't count on that. Then you've got sewage pumpouts, showers, laundry, trash service, parking, and even Wi-Fi. Every marina is a little bit different. Some of them will bundle these things in for you, while others will nickel and dime you for everything. Maintenance, too, is where a lot of people underestimate the cost of even living on a boat. Regardless of where you are, boats are needy. They demand constant attention, whether it's scrubbing the bottom, painting the hull, checking for corrosion, or servicing the engine. A good rule of thumb is about 10% of the boat's value per year. So, if you bought a $50,000 boat, budget about $5,000 a year to keep it safe and seaorthy, and that should cover all the routine stuff and some of the major things. But when major things happen, you can be looking at some serious bills. Living in saltwater accelerates wear, so Bay Area or coastal SoCal boats usually need more frequent bottom paint and anode replacement compared to boats in freshwater like up the Sacramento Delta. And speaking of Delta, let's talk geography. Costs vary dramatically depending on where you want to keep this boat. inland like in Sacramento or the Delta, you can score a slip for a fraction of what they cost on the coast. At Sacramento Marina, a slip for a 40 foot boat might cost you 500 bucks a month. Brennan Island in the Delta is even cheaper. A 50ft boat there might only run you 350 bucks a month. That's less than half the cost of a comparable slip in San Diego. Compare that to King Harbor in Roondo Beach. A 40ft slip there will cost you about 1,200 a month. And that's before you add on the liboard fees, the electricity, and your maintenance. Same size boat, totally different financial reality. So, let's break it down into rough monthly budgets. If you've got a smaller 25 to 35 ft sailboat in an inland delta marina, living aboard could be as low as 1,000 to 1,800 a month all in. That covers the slip, utilities, insurance, maintenance, live aboard fees, and your food. If you got a midsize, let's say 35 to 45footer in a nicer Bay Area or Southern California marina, you're realistically looking at $2 to $35,000 a month. And if you're living the dream on a 50-footer in San Diego's Konai Marina, $5,000 a month is not out of the question. And don't forget the big lumpy expenses. Every couple years, you're going to need a hollow out to inspect and repaint the bottom. That's easily $2 to $5,000 depending on what the boat needs and how big it is. Insurance is another one you have to think about. Liability insurance is required in most marinas, but full coverage depends on your vessel's value and where you're going to sail it. Then there's fuel and propane for cooking and all the little upgrades you'll want once you live aboard for a while. Solar panels, better batteries, a dinghy, maybe Starlink so you have better internet, and all of that's going to add up. And let's talk about weight lists for a second. You can't just rock up to a California marina with your boat and get a slip right now. Give them a call and usually you'll be added to a wait list. Sometimes years long. Some marinas demand the first month slip fees upfront just to be added to that list. You get them back if you actually take possession of the slip. A lot of people have been sailing their boats up to the Pacific Northwest for a slip while they sit on the California weight list, but the PNW is getting full, too. Ventura West Marina is one of the most popular for liaborts and one of the few to actually advertise it on their website and will put you on a wait list without a deposit. Supply and demand has a big part of why these fees are so high. There's just so many boats and not enough slips. But there's something else to consider, too. It's not always the marina that's gouging the boat owner. The Bay Conservation and Development Commission imposes rules and regulations on marinas, too. like one such rule which only allows 10% of slips to be given to liverboards. And like Florida, California regulations can change. Your marina's ownership can change. Local bylaws can change. So even if you find the perfect liabboard slip at a friendly marina that you can actually afford, it doesn't mean that that won't change. You could at any time end up among the thousands of boat owners looking for a new home for their boat and a new home for themselves. Now, with all that said, living on a boat in California can still make financial sense. Rent for a one-bedroom in San Francisco or San Diego can easily hit three grand a month. In comparison, a smaller boat in the Bay Area or Delta could be a lot cheaper, especially if you own the boat already. You're not just paying for housing here, too. You're paying for a lifestyle on a boat. Sunsets on the deck, the freedom to untie the lines and go sailing, and a community of other live aboards who share the same dream as you. Let's see if we can get some realtime information in the comments here. If you live on a boat in California or are trying to, please leave a comment. How much does it cost you? What advice do you have for wouldbe boat owners coming to California? And what would you do different if you were them? I can't wait to hear from you. Also, speaking of cost-effective liab, did you see the article we did on the Catalina 375? This boat is a very hot seller for some very good reasons. An easy boat to live on, to sail, and to own, but they're getting harder to find. A great read if you're up for some learning today. I'll leave a link in the description. If you like sailboat videos, please give this one a thumbs up and hit subscribe so that I can see you again next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ceesklumper [6 likes]: Lived on a power boat in Marina del Rey until recently. 65 foot slip, $1,700 on the open water plus 55% liveaboard fee. That included all electricity, water, trash, and parking for 2  cars. Much much much cheaper than renting an apartment in Venice, Santa Monica, Brentwood.
  2. @mykldean [2 likes]: From spending decades in Southern California, on boats in bays, here's my perspectives on liveaboards: the only people who I've seen responsibly pull it off for any period of time have certain characteristics, like enjoying it so much that the drawbacks seem negligible. Dream all you want, but, to live it; got to love it, or you won't last. I've seen them come and go. It's just too different in many ways.
Alsi affordability gets worse all the time especially in these harbors that answer to calls to recreate Monaco pricing while gouging and nickle and diming any boater who isn't a top 10 percenter.
Thank you practical sailor for all your great advice!
  3. @opatin27 [1 likes]: Those prices are nowhere near as expensive as South Florida, those prices are about half the price of what we pay here.
  4. @bexaminer1 [1 likes]: You really got a ton of comments on this story.  I read most of them.  I'm a fellow who had been thinking of selling my house here in northern Ca and spending the rest of my years on a sailboat somewhere here in Ca.  Now I don't think so.  I have a great mortgage of 1.75% fixed and my expenses aren't bad.  Living here sounds a lot better now.  I have 2,000 square feet.  I have a pool, a two-car garage a large corner lot and good neighbors.  I also have a Mercedes SL550 that I have no intention of getting rid of.  After thinking about all of this I think I'll stay where I am.  That would've been quite a gamble on my part.  I'll pass.
  5. @MikeWorrall-wb6yb [1 likes]: I’m at Peninsula Yacht Marina at Channel Islands Harbor (Oxnard,CA) as a non-live aboard, 32’ slip @$560 /mo. What I’m ’renting’ is about 400 square feet of water; the the docks here are (guessing) 50 years old and in poor condition, the slip has 15 amp AC power on house receptacles, the restrooms are in portable trailers, and the marina office is closed on weekends. There are about 200 slips here. If all were paying the same $560 as I am (and of course there are many who are paying more) that would be north of $75,000 per month that the marina is collecting in rent. My question is: What are their expenses?!?
  6. @kennyhier1779 [1 likes]: How about a Video on mooring balls in San Diego please. Thank you
  7. @Sailing_Seabird: I have a beneteau 423 in a 14mtr slip in tasmamia. Modern, including water and fuel US$4000 pa.
  8. @PaulBrooks-k6k: After 30 years of living aboard in socal thinking of selling and moving to az.
  9. @KARAMAN41: Sounds good. Rent a house small apartment for 3500 is expensive so its better stay in the marina 😂
  10. @noreverse1152: LOL, come check prices on L. Ontario around Toronto. This place is not even on the ocean and weather sucks for 9 months of the year but they charge you for your 27ft 1980 Catalina more than in Monaco
  11. @raydaugherty3046: I lived aboard in Alameda and then Richmond for 5.5 years between 2015 and 2020. Moved on land for several years and now live aboard again. During the time I was landlocked, many of the marinas were purchased by a conglomerate. Add to that the rise in costs of just about everything post-COVID, and the fees have literally doubled or close to it since then. I live in the Delta for half the price of the Bay Area. And, I can still work on the boat myself at the yards here. Plan is to get all done I want done, and then do the transient thing in the Bay. That will be more expensive than where I berth, but the life there is worth it to me. 

When I lived aboard previously, I never had an issue with the waiting lists. I always presented myself in person to the Harbor Master and had current pics of my boat. I had more opportunities than I could take. Idk with the current ownership if that is still a viable plan, hence the transient thing - which is actually fine with me. It's not easy here, but it still can be done if you work at it, just like most things.
  12. @TaihamXMetroRat: 0:35 nothing about living in California sounds like a dream. The only dream with California is the dreaming being done by whoever thinks it's a good idea to set foot in that shithole 😂😂😂
  13. @robertfreeland5449: $15/month? Those are rookie numbers! Here on Tampa Bay, the municipal marinas might be in that range, but they're all full, with multi-year waiting lists. There are slips available in private marinas, but they cost a lot more. There's a nice (but not "resort-level") marina up the Manatee River near the mouth of Tampa Bay called the Twin Dolphin marina. Even for boaters making an annual commitment, their slip fee is $28/foot/month. If you're a liveaboard, they tack on another $370/month for the first liveaboard, and $250/month for each successive person. Then 50-amp electrical hookup is another $100/month... or $175/month for a liveaboard. There's even a fee for paying with a credit card vs. cash! On the plus side, you get showers, laundry, a heated pool, and wifi. And you get to live in a state with no income tax. The prices farther south (in Naples) make Tampa look cheap.
  14. @bertvermeer5605: Is west coast live-aboard expense that much different than the east coast? I suspect that in the NE winter liveaboard is not really that practical.
  15. @rickbarrionuevo5270: My E46 is in Shoreline in Long Beach and the slip just went to $992, non-live aboard. The extra fee for living about is $150-200 for a couple.
  16. @Morrisfactor: I can't imagine California boaters bringing their boats to the Pacific Northwest to find moorage. California moorage costs are cheaper in comparison to the marina costs in the Puget Sound area. I was paying $870 a month for a 50' run down marina slip three years ago and that was well below market cost of the main marinas (Shilshole, Des Moines, Elliot Bay). By law, marina liveaboards are not allowed over 10% of total slips (and if they do, it's another $250 per month per person or more). Most small marinas don't allow liveaboards anyway.  Insurance is mandatory at all marinas and yards. Waiting lists for liveaboards at major marinas are often close to ten years! There are virtually no slips for boats 45' and up; the majority of vacant slips are for boats under 35'. Ecologists have stalled new marina building - the last one was Elliot Bay Marina - completed in 1991 only after 17 years of development/permit planning was done - effectively killing any chance that another such project can ever be accomplished.
  17. @JohnPetersen-jl4jx: We’re in a 50’ slip at Channel Islands Marina in Oxnard. No doubt about it, the expense of our beloved sailboat has for the last 3 years exhausted our retirement savings and destroyed my lifelong passion of sailing and boat ownership. Truly  a luxury only for the very wealthy nowadays. If I could do it all over again I’d get a trailerable folding trimaran. Best bang for the buck for sailing and cruising any day.
  18. @crazy4dariver: Lol and Ensenada is 18 a month up to 68 ft. My slip in MDR was 1400 with electric and water. No live on that was 400 more per person 2 max. Ensenada is 40 more and 10 per pet
  19. @robertbruce730: Don't forget that you have no garage for your car and gear etc. plus the salt air is tough on your vehicle.
  20. @daviddoyle6746: Note: many marinas will not allow live aboards on boats less than 36 ft. with some requiring even longer and most/all require $500,000 liability insurance ( just liability is not too bad, but many will not insure boats over 30 years old) and many/most will not insure wood boats at all.
I have never known of a marina asking for a deposit to be on a live aboard waiting list.

- Nantucket - A Film by Ric Burns: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] it has always been one of the special places of the world a tiny windswept spit of land flung far out onto the surging currents of the North Atlantic 30 miles off the coast of Cape Cod a discarded scrap of sand and gravel an afterthought of the last ice age bequeathed by the retreating sheets of ice known to its original inhabitants who first plied it's shallow shoals thousands of years ago as Knut Tucket the faraway place perched precariously on the far edge of the New World close to the Gulf Stream and the continental shelf and the track of migrating whales it has always been a rich and dreaming place scoured by wind and wave hem drowned by treacherous shoals and washed by complex currents at once remote and beckoning insular and cosmopolitan worldly and homebound cut off from the mainland but connected to the rest of the world a place of comings and goings arrivals and departures of passages and transformations of vast ambitions bygone glories and vanished dreams haunted by history in time by memory and imagination and by the sea continuously inhabited by human beings since the sea first froze up around it 5000 years ago the island owes its distinctive poetry and character to the elemental natural and human forces that have shaped it to the epic forces of time and tide to the remarkable people who have come here and to the primal calling they made their own and that would come to define them few enterprises have so captured the imagination or so dominated the identity of an entire people long after it had passed from the scene the epic heyday of American whaling would remain a powerful presence on the tiny island of Nantucket whose extraordinary history remains as palpable to this day and as thrilling linear as the cry of seabirds and the smell of salt air and the thunder of the sea in the course of its long and eventful history the 14 mile long spit of land that Herman Melville called an elbow of sand all beach without a background and st. John to craft for a barren sand bank fertilized by whale oil only has been at one time or another the haunt of Wampanoag fishermen a refuge for persecuted Baptists and Quakers an unsuccessful sheep farm the greatest whaling capital in the world a center of enlightened thought an island ghost town and sea washed Brigadoon that time forgot a sleepy artists colony a thriving summer resort and a bellwether for the conservation and environmental movements an island of new beginnings what the poet and essayist Ralph Waldo Emerson called the nation of Nantucket said proudly apart from the restlessly striving Republic it is epitomized and so often pioneered Nantucket has been a microcosm of America for more than 350 years a magnet and a unique laboratory for some of the most powerful impulses animating the new world spiritual commercial and democratic a place of stark and subtle beauty of endurance and creativity and of continuous transformation and reinvention one of the very best ways to see the island is from the air where you can see the shoals and you can watch them move and you realize the entire environment this is dynamic there's nothing about it that's standing still everything that's being deposited one place is coming from somewhere else nann Tucker was formed by a glacier 20,000 years ago glaciers are conveyor belts for rocks so you end up with this huge pile of rocks and sand at the end of glacier called a terminal moraine and that's what we are on Nantucket we're just standing on 1200 feet of sand so the island itself is very shifty you know it's not gonna be here forever about nineteen thousand years ago the glacier started to retreat the ocean levels start rising six thousand years ago the ocean cuts Nantucket off from the mainland and that's when the magic begins the waves begin to sculpt the island into a gradually emerging Halfmoon shape and Nantucket is giving Beaton's constantly along the south shore by the waves you get those barrier beaches the beaches like none other where it's the ocean coming all the way from Portugal pounding against the sand and so Nantucket has always lived on borrowed time it was created by the sea in as little as four hundred years will be taken by the sea as a consequence it's truly a different kind of Island one of my Nantucket friends used to say if you can see the ocean the ocean could see you one thing the island makes clear is that nature bats last and it's far more powerful than we are if you look at the you are map the island is littered with these wonderfully evocative Native American names and those names in some ways are like those early Nantucket settlers names coffin Starbuck Gardiner Maya comets Consett pampas matica matica sham quays an endless array and we're surrounded by them they're in our systems I think it's important to imagine Wampanoag Nantucket as a thriving active place the populations were extremely healthy they had great food supplies they were living off the ocean they were living off of their surroundings essentially they were thriving and healthy people and they were also extremely welcoming to the Nantucket settlers hoping to rest a livelihood from the island sandy soil the first group of newcomers included a merchant and clothier named Thomas Macey and a lumber trader named Edward Starbuck they were joined by the sprawling families of Tristram coffin and Peter Folger and later by the gardener's the hussies the swains the joys and the chases in the centuries to come their names would be inextricably fused with the history of Nantucket and with the poetry of American whaling and commerce they are here to be farmers raise sheep but then quickly realized their limits to that and then they realized they're surrounded by whales in the winter they had to hire someone to ichabod paddock to teach them how to do it but they also had a native population the whompin augs who had been harvesting whales that had washed up on the shore for centuries and those were the ingredients that led to the blossoming of whaling on Nantucket this was the beginning of the Industrial Age and before petroleum the oil that was lubricating the machines lighting the urban centers of america and europe was whele and before there was Mobil Oil headquarters there was Nantucket and it was Nantucket sperm oil that was making the industrial revolution happen and providing the first global economic engine America would know the early settlers to Nantucket were not Quakers they were nonconformist Baptists other sects and sympathies and they had a Quaker conversion around 1702 with an itinerant minister who came here and a leader of the community Mary Starbuck God at she just got the sense of the inner light this empowerment of the inner light and the fact that the Spirit is living within everyone and then that very quickly came to match up with the whaling endeavor there's something about the Quaker religion that breeds a strength of community that the people in Nantucket were able to build upon they had a very good business sense they were very hard workers they had a cohesive social fabric at home so when the men went off the women kept the community running and stable there's a spirituality to it there is a sense of social cement in control and there's a sense of identity it's a spiritual endeavor it lent itself to a real religious sense of destiny you know Quakers with a vengeance as Melville would call them and I think this was a Quaker war when it came to the sperm whale and it was a little horrifying to see the enthusiasm and sort of his ruthlessness that nantucketers had when it came to whaling genuine as the Quakers egalitarian impulse was nothing about the inner light prevented ship owners from exploiting the local Native American population many of whom were forced to work off debts by providing labor in the Nantucket whale fishery nantucketers would not be able to count for long on their cheap supply of skilled local labor disease had already reduced the island's native population to just 358 when in 1763 an epidemic of yellow fever raged across the island before it was over only 136 whompin ogz remained and by 1800 the Native American presence on the island had been essentially eradicated forcing Quaker merchants to look elsewhere for cheap labor to African Americans free and slave to Native Americans from the mainland and to Portuguese Mariners already beginning to stream in from the other side of the Atlantic - man the Nantucket whale ships now pushing out across every ocean on the planet gradually they push it a little farther until they're now they're going out into the the Gulfstream and they go up almost to the Arctic Circle to the west coast of Africa down around Cape Horn into the great Pacific as they moved ever further out across the globe and tuck its whalemen found themselves increasingly at the forefront of a new era of global enterprise and circumnavigation when Benjamin Franklin on the eve of the revolution published the first map to chart and named the Gulfstream he based his breathtakingly precise projections on information he had obtained from his cousin Timothy Folger a veteran man Tucket whaling captain 18:20 Nantucket was poised to enter what would become its golden age where the entire Pacific would become its backyard this is a country poised to become what America would eventually become a world power and this was now a state-of-the-art industry I mean the ships we think of them as square-rigged quaint little crafts but these things were state-of-the-art decades in development they were not only the perfect factory ship for rendering the oil they could go anywhere they were magnificent exploration vessels and they lasted pretty darn long under horrible conditions and yet it was also a home for several dozen men for 3-4 years by the 1830s and 40s Nantucket was the whaling center of the world and it only lasted for a little more than a century but it's really what has determined so much of what Nantucket is today during Nantucket's heyday is a whaling capital the little world the Quakers created for themselves in the sea but become a crucible of social tolerance free thought and egalitarian belief and a beacon of serious intellectual inquiry and political debate in the summer of 1841 a 23 year old fugitive slave named Frederick Douglass delivered the first fiery speech of his meteoric career as an anti-slavery orator at the annual meeting of the Massachusetts anti-slavery society held on Nantucket at the Athenaeum his words struck home on the island with particular force and nowhere more so than in the district of New Guinea on the outskirts of town home to a thriving community of Cape Verdeans Missourians and free African Americans including Absalom Boston the first African American whalemen to Captain a whaleship in 1847 Ralph Waldo Emerson delivered a ringing series of lectures in the Great Hall to as would distinguished men and women of letters from across the country including Henry David Thoreau Horace Mann and Lucretia coffin Mott a nantucketer the really great thing about Quakerism on Nantucket is what it did to empower women so you have someone like Lucretia coffin Mott for example for whom the Quaker meeting becomes a kind of training ground for speaking up about the moral issues of the day from slavery to women's suffrage so it just empowered women in some remarkable ways to take leadership positions to be educated to assume roles in the community in a natural way that you didn't see on the mainland on a velvety black night in 1847 from the observatory her father had built for her on the roof of the Pacific National Bank on Main Street mariah mitchell made the discovery that would catapult her to world fame as one of the greatest astronomers of the 19th century we always showed to people the photograph of the moon where there is a little crater named after Mariah Mitchell and I always tell people this crater is the size of Nantucket shadows were already starting to fall on Nantucket's glory days as a whaling capital when in the summer of 1852 a 33 year old one-time whalemen and writer named Herman Melville set foot on the island for the first time a year after completing his soaring masterpiece Moby Dick one of the greatest works of literature ever written by an American inspired in large part by the island itself and the extraordinary enterprise that had flourished there so spectacularly with the landless gull that at sunset folds her wings and is rocked to sleep between billows so at nightfall the nantucketer out of sight of land furls his sails and lays him to his rest while under his very pillow rush herds of walruses and whales Herman Melville well a Nantucket's really two things there's a time when it's wailing capital of the world this was big business this was America's first global economy and this little island was the center of it they were sending out dozens upon dozens of ships around the world bringing back incredible wealth to the island sending out their whale oil to the industrial centers around the world and nantucketers were really showing America how it would one day become a world power and then it all blew up whaling began to decline for years the shallow sandbar at the mouth of Nantucket Harbor had proved an increasing impediment to whale ships as the voyages grew longer and the ships grew larger with ever deeper drafts when in 1846 the first of a series of devastating blows rained down upon the industry that had been the islands staff of life for a hundred and fifty years in 1846 the fire breaks out the great fire and destroys a third of Nantucket's town all of the waterfront they rebuilt very quickly but they could see the writing on the wall and so when gold was discovered in California a nantucketers evacuated the island virtually they took their whale ships crammed them full of 49ers sailed around the horn and literally abandoned the ships at the Golden Gate they're still finding whale ships when they build new skyscrapers in downtown San Francisco the real bottom of the whale oil market fell out in the late 1850s when they discovered petroleum in the hills of Pennsylvania that could be turned into a flood of cheap kerosene and almost overnight the whale oil industry went into steep decline 18:59 they discovered petroleum 1861 is the beginning of the Civil War and with the Civil War comes the loss of so many whale ships they were an easy target for the Confederate Raiders plus approximately 45 whale ships were sunk in the two-stone fleets off of Charleston and Savannah the war took a heartbreaking human toll too before it was over some 300 nantucketers had joined the Union Army and gone south 73 of them would never see home again and so the age of whaling on Nantucket faded away and passed into the realm of memory and myth and yet even as the island fell into a deep and dreaming sleep something extraordinary began to occur it's a fascinating period on Nantucket you have this incredible global industry that had just died and then you have basically a ghost town but out of that ghost town Springs this growing awareness about the history that had just passed and that was now slowly starting to fade so you have this great generation of nantucketers who are the children and grandchildren of the Wailers and they're surrounded by history they're surrounded by candle factories by paintings by scrimshaw and these things are in many cases literally in their attics and so they're thinking about the recent past and what do they do they form a Historical Association to preserve that they start to gather all these whaling logs and manuscripts they look into their recent history and genealogy and they start to really build a community out of the ashes of the old community by the dawn of the 20th century a remarkable transformation was underway one that would quicken as the century wore on as Nantucket errs began to reinvent and reimagine their Island redirecting energies that had once gone into whaling into preserving and celebrating its rich history and natural beauty repurposing along the way the islands incomparable historic infrastructure fisherman's shacks and scallop shanties that lined the weather dwarves on the waterfront were converted into artist studios or remodeled and rented to the steadily increasing number of summer visitors around town older houses and commercial properties that bore witness to the islands past were painstakingly rehabilitated and brought to life including an old candle factory at the foot of Broad Street where sperma Ceti oil from the head of sperm winds had once been processed into the brilliant smokeless candles prized by Thomas Jefferson and which now became the source of a different kind of light as the headquarters of Nantucket's Historical Association and the home of the whaling Museum the Gateway and anteroom to the wonders of the best-preserved seaport town in America the entire four century arc of the island stirring history is summarized and preserved and for eloquent structures maintained by the Nantucket Historical Association here at the top of Sunset Hill stands the oldest house the most prominent of the surviving structures from the island's 17th century settlement built in 1686 as a wedding gift to Jethro coffin and his bride Mary Gardiner on Prospect Street just one mile away stands the old mill the oldest working mill in America built in 1746 one of five that once stood like giant sentinels on the hills above the harbor a thrilling architectural monument to the age of agriculture and sail on Nantucket on the proudest stretch of Main Street stands the hadwin house a monumental Greek Revival mansion built by a whaling merchant in 1846 at the varies 'inna of Nantucket whaling might just before the downturn came and on a quiet Lane called Howard Street deceptively close to the center of town stands greater light an old livestock barn converted to an artist's alone in the 1920s by two eccentric Quaker sisters from Philadelphia Gertrude and Hannah Monahan who moved to the island on the eve of the crash and helped redefine the meaning of Nantucket's inner light for a new generation of nantucketers nantucket does transport you in a way you feel the past you feel a presence you feel like you're coming out of the sea looking around at the globe for the first time and not quite sure what to make of it and it's complex it's a hard to describe experience there's an energy it's it's unsettling but it can also be extremely exhilarating I think a lot of people come back to this island and try to feel that over and over that has something to do with the forces of an island 30 miles out to sea that has been the basis of things that are rich strange and that really foretell in many ways I think whatever the future will be and that's the great mystery we all have lurking you

  Top Comments:
  1. @larissa666x2 [7 likes]: I love hearing Robert Sean Leonard
  2. @fishes.francis [1 likes]: RSL MOMENT!!!!!!!!!
  3. @user-iv7pl2uo7q [1 likes]: Americans always find "spirituality" when there's a buck to be made
  4. @flyguy437: What's with the captions? Dont want them.
  5. @curtandoscar: Wonderful film, however a little surprised that what is left unsaid is that the island has long been the exclusive playground of the very wealthy (and their nannies and housekeepers), while those who serve them in restaurants and make the beds in hotels and airbnbs struggle to survive and have no hope of affording anything.
  6. @fredgarvin5381: Not as talked about was the relationship between Folger, Starbuck and Chase.  They brought the first boatload of coffee back and started their own coffee companies. Chase partnering with a fellow named Sanborn, Starbuck would sell his on a streetcorner to people passing by in buggies and Folger called the bits of Nantucket sand that infested each load "flavor crystals." Now you know.
  7. @BessieMann: My ancestor Horace Mann. A beautiful place
  8. @thomasbyg4795: and yet...it is a beautiful testament to the ebb and flow and the endurance of life.
  9. @thomasbyg4795: As mystic and beautiful as it seems, how can you distinguish this to be any less horrific than the massacre of the American buffalo?
  10. @octogirl2046: Not a lot to be proud about 😢
  11. @beatrizsepulveda9477: Necesito escuchar en español
  12. @ronrendon: As usual, gringo's come in, somehow deem the land theirs, tell the natives that they have to work off "debt," (which is laughable) the gringo's also bring with them lots of disease which all but wipes out the native population, thus, looking for CHEAP LABOR they begin importing more people of color. Now they bitch and moan there are TOO MANY PEOPLE OF COLOR LOL. America sure is a funny (aka: depressing) place. Especially if you're a person of color.
  13. @lindakay_redux: My descendancy from Gardiner goes all the way back to my 12th great grandfather,  before the line emigrated to Anerica. 

Henry Gardiner 
B:1500 England, England, United Kingdom
D:1564 Hertford, Hertfordshire, England, United Kingdom

My Cotton ancestry goes back to a 14th great grandfather 
John de Cotton (Sir) (Esquire)
B:04 Jun 1464 Coton, Cotton, Shropshire, England
D:8 May 1558 Coton, Cotton, Shropshire, England
  14. @ALiberalVeteran: I wonder if this guy is related to Ken Burns, the famous documentarian.
  15. @dogsareprecious4842: SO interesting!  Hope to visit someday!
  16. @MsWang22: I am from Denmark, just lean about Nantucket (from moby Dick i read)  its just wild, Nice to learn about tho. ❤
  17. @minigmac1: Superb video.
  18. @marthabonelli3093: Capt.Zeb and George Fred Tiltons in my Blood .Chemtrails kill.
  19. @latoshabatiste6423: ❤
  20. @elvenkind6072: There's a great film that is based on Nantucket whaling and Herman Melville's story about the white whale called "In The Heart Of The Sea", from 2015, from the same actor that play Thor in the Marvell movies. I think he did a better job in the latter films, and his accent sound a bit funny and "forced", but Brendan Gleeson does a good job of the tired old drinker that tells the tale to Melville.

"There's she blows!", I've tried several times to understand what it is they're saying when the hunt is over and the whale start spewing out blood from the blowhole, since I don't have subtitles for that movie. (Edit: Figured it out: "Chimney's afire!")

Perhaps some day I can visit Nantucket, I'm planning a "food pilgrimage" to USA before I die. A life time of Norwegian food, will make that an adventure, and I'll probably save money just by eating street food in USA a few weeks instead of going to the grocery store at home.

- New England Yacht Guide: the Perfect Getaway, Yachting the Island of Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard: Kind: captions Language: en the region of New England is Lush with verdant valleys in fact the area is roughly 75 percent Force according to the United States Forest Service the state of Maine is 90 forested with 17 million acres of land covered by trees that staggering amount of foliage is great for the planet it creates a spectacular view as you cruise by in your luxury yacht hey if you're new here Welcome to our Channel we focus on traveling around the world's greatest beach in Ocean destinations the New England states of Maine Vermont New Hampshire Massachusetts Rhode Island and Connecticut provide excellent vacation spots especially for cruising small vessels can navigate these beloved waterways to explore the Region's natural beauty New England has subbed an incredible to offer for every season the sugar Maples and mountains burst into brilliant colors in the fall the snowfall of winter creates some of the best ski spots in the country and incredible flowers bloom throughout the spring but summer is a time for beaches from the Sandy stretches of Cape Cod to the fresh waters tree-lined Inland Lakes and swimming holes New England is the home most yachters return to during the summer you can almost always find dozens of super Yachts sailing the Gulf of Maine you may even spot a few celebrities lounging on their yachts New England is the perfect vacation destination for anyone fascinated by Colonial and revolutionary history you can find stories of the creation of America almost everywhere along with Tales at a Region's seafaring history food enthusiasts can Rejoice at the delightful range of New England's traditional foods world famous selections include the clam chowder of Boston the Boston cream pie Boston baked beans main lobsters Vermont maple syrup and more in this region book ended by the Atlantic Ocean Long Island South and Vermont's Lake Champlain nearly every Eatery serves a fine platter of seafood so where are some of the best places to visit while sailing through New England on your luxury yacht let's dive in Rhode Island with almost 400 miles of Coastline it's easy to understand why Rhode Island's nickname is the ocean state sundrin summer days are meant for Basking on Rhode Island Sandy Shores and frolicking through ocean waves Newport is considered by many to be the sailing capital of the world nothing beats venturing out along the coast and enjoying the understated beauty of lighthouses the classic Coast is home to nine such beacons each would have stored history and some still guiding Sailors to Safe Harbor Newport is the perfect destination for those captivated by Rich history Colonial architecture unspoiled beaches Scenic Trails distinctive shops and critically acclaimed restaurants dining around Newport has never been better with new Innovative chef-owned restaurants popping up across the classic Coast at Gracie's guests will be surprised and delighted by the freshest ingredients and flavors designed to enhance and educate the palate Hemingway's an icon in the Rhode Island food seat and the go-to destination for fresh topic Catch Seafood has been serving both locals and visitors to the capital city for decades constantly innovating Chef Max Peterson Delights in creating dishes that utilize the freshest selections from New England's finest fishmongers Block Island 20 miles off the Rhode Island Coast lies Block Island a vacation destination too often overlooked by visitors Block Island has gorgeous beaches stunning Ocean Vistas 32 miles of hiking trails 250 foot high Coastal Cliffs a deep sense of history and a lively night scene Beach lovers can literally walk in any direction if I'm in Paradise Block Island is surrounded by 17 miles of gorgeous beaches with more than 50 stores and specialty shops and numerous art galleries Block Island offers a diverse shopping experience the Island's plentiful shops offer casual souvenirs as well as unique gifts from around the world and antiques feel like getting some exercise activities include bike riding hiking horseback riding bird watching snorkeling fishing parasailing kayaking and sailing dining experiences on Block Island are as diverse as they are delicious restaurants offer everything from five-star dining and award-winning wine list to local seafood served at picnic tables on Block Island it's easy to grab a burger while lounging on the beach or enjoying a candlelit Lobster Feast you will never forget it beachhead offers one of the best outdoor spots to dine on the island where you can enjoy traditional New England food with a fun updated twist meanwhile winfields offers an excellent fine dining experience with sophisticated and flavorful menu inspired by French Italian American and Asian Cuisine Nantucket Nantucket Island located just 30 miles off the coast of Cape Cod feels like its own little world an ideal one where the beaches are always perfectly Windswept the lighthouses are straight out of a postcard and life moves at a slower Pace did you know you don't even need a car on Nantucket it's too Charming for cars you'll need to board a charter plane or a ferry to visit Island visitors are greeted by weathered Wars linked by cobblestone streets to an utterly elegant town from there you can book a luxury Yacht Rental and start sailing your way through the Inner Harbor swimming surfing Boutique shopping fishing and dining on fresh seafood are all glorious ways spend your time here leave your tents at home because camping is not allowed out on the island the Wawa net Nan took its iconic Resort offers a vibrant dining and drink scene at Toppers its casual Waterfront Restaurant enjoy outdoor dining along the water's edge on the Lively Deck with Island inspired cuisine the famous Club Car Bar is housed in the train from the original Nantucket railroad known for its classic cocktails fine wine delicious food and live piano but you're craving American Cuisine Arrow the Downy flake this family-owned Country Cafe has been serving American style breakfast lunch and delicious homemade donuts for 87 years meanwhile luceros is the perfect Gathering Place for families that want Italian American Cuisine season with memories and cooked with love Marty's wind Martha's Vineyard is a small Island located just seven miles off the coast of Cape Cod in Massachusetts sadly there are no actual Vineyards on Martha's Vineyard but you can enjoy a number of fabulous micro bullies visitors can expect an authentic experience because the island does not have any chain stores restaurants or hotels instead it only offers one-of-a-kind establishments nearly every resident has a great story to tell about being an extra in the movie Jaws or meeting President Clinton more often than not you'll find yourself passing by a celebrity like Reese Witherspoon or President Obama on the bike path a vibrant arts and culture scene means that year round you can enjoy sophisticated experience such as galleries live music theater dance and exciting speakers in a wonderfully casual environment if you're interested in visiting nature preserves and wildlife refuge and Martha's Vineyard has got you covered toad Rock preserve is full of densely woven scrub oats and provides an expansive view of the squib knock it Pond the Red Gate Farm is surrounded by constellations of White Oaks Cedars and Beetle bun trees is a place of fascinating Native American legends and traditions that Center on the area's colorful clay Cliffs now a protected national natural Landmark Martha's Vineyard is a golfing Paradise with three public golf courses and two private courses on the island whether you're a novice golfer just getting into the swing of things or an expert on greens the golf courses on March's Vineyard work for all types of golfers the wealthiest place in Martha's Vineyard is Edgar Town it was once a major whaling port with historic houses that have been carefully preserved today it hosts yachting events around its large Harbor visitors can enjoy the picturesque Harbor historic architecture pristine beaches antique shopping Farm Fresh Food endless Trails for walking running or biking in spectacular views morning noon and night if delicious dining is what you're after then Edgar town is the place for you from high-end restaurants with award-winning chefs to oyster bars diners coffee shops bakeries bistros and more there's something for everyone for breakfast head to behind the bookstore for pour over coffee and warm rice pudding with Black Plum and preserve lemon stop by the farm Institute to pick up some organically grown produce and cheeses the most highly recommended dish on the island is the Truffle lobster macaroni and cheese in the Atlantic Fish and Chop House the leotoli restaurant offers an Innovative and fresh seasonally driven menu with Native ingredients from surrounding farms and Waters including fresh game birds lamb and shellfish if you loved your first day visiting Martha's Vineyard you should book a room at the Harbor View Hotel surrounded by miles of beaches in the storybook Village of Edgar Town Harbor View Hotel captures the essence of the Great American Summer this exclusive Resort provides guests with the perfect Martha's Vineyard vacation Oasis with breathtaking views the Edgartown Harbor Vermont Vermont cities and towns welcome visitors with their Rich history eclectic shops farm to table dining establishments and Recreation areas nicknamed The Green Mountain State it's known for its hiking trails skiing and the natural beauty of the floors covering the majority of the area Vermont is home to more than 100 unique covered bridges that's more per square mile than any other U.S state if you've just opened Google Maps you might be disappointed to discover that Vermont is the only landlocked state in New England don't worry no Coastline doesn't mean no yachting Adventure experience the joy and beauty of sailing Burlington's late Champlain with a charted yacht the sailing experience is enriched by breathtaking Mountain views and by knowledgeable crew members who create a safe relaxed and entertaining atmosphere Vermont serves up some of the best and freshest food in the world from world-class restaurants to Mom and Pop diners you'll find an endless selection of delicious meals prepared with local ingredients Pho Hung is a popular BYOB spot for traditional Vietnamese dishes in a casual setting guests sit by Florida ceiling Windows to enjoy steaming noodle soups meanwhile the skinny pancake offers sweet and savy Crepes in a relaxed outdoor patio dining setting while you can't ever go wrong with one of their Crepes we recommend you try to Savory apples and grease special topped with sweet Roots Farm blueberries Provincetown just about everyone who sets foot on the sandyshua Provincetown says there is something magical about this place visitors are drawn to this remote location for the beautiful beaches welcoming restaurants captivating art galleries luxurious Guest House Boutique Inns and Charming shops Provincetown is a favorite lgbtq plus travel destination because it celebrates individuality and freedom of expression each season offers visitors something new and different from the Provincetown lgbtq plus Carnival full of festive activities in August to women's week with riders workshops comedy shows Opera performances and concerts in October at First Light which ushers in the new year with a firework celebration on McMillan Pier Provincetown beckons any time of the year The Long Point Lighthouse is the most remote Lighthouse within Cape Cod National Seashore it is only accessible by foot or boat if you are up for a long height you can visit both the Long Point and wooden Lighthouse but if you are yachting you will save precious time instead of walking through the Sandy stretches or the Provincetown Causeway stand out from the crowd you may run a chartered yacht in Provincetown to explore the Waters of Cape Cod Bay while yachting live in the moment kick back and relax while sipping your favorite beverage in conclusion if you live in the United States New England offers the perfect getaway without the hassle of international travel if you loved every minute of this video don't forget to hit those likes and subscribe buttons below this shows your support helps us grow and notifies you when a new video gets posted for more traveling tips please visit our website your poseidonadventure.com thanks for watching see you on the next one

- NANTUCKET - Old Whaling Capital of the WORLD!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we're back on the move just let go the morning line here in Edgartown we're on our way hitting a bit more east to Nantucket next stop probably about maybe five hours away something like that so the wind calmed down for us we should have a nice smooth ride hopefully we'll see I like this little town we got Nantucket right behind us pretty smooth trip it is glassy calm right now but most of the way over here was just a little bit messy seas from the wind we had yesterday and this morning just kind of confused little waves that rock those around just a little bit not bad we saw a ton of fairies going back and forth in and out of Nantucket here high speed cat fairies and a big slow car ferry we even seen some private planes flying overhead looking like they're going into Nantucket's Friday today so a lot of people will probably just showing up for the weekend getting a little chilly out just about there we're in Nantucket Harbor right now it's completely empty there's only a few boats on board we were gonna try to anchor but-- come find exactly where we're allowed to anchor we thought we were allowed as exposed to the eve we're supposed to get a strong east wind tomorrow and we couldn't contact the harbor master or the mooring company anyone really so we just picked up the free mooring and we're gonna see what happened to probably run into people running the moorings here on our way it's a little chilly but beautiful day there's a search it's a shark research ship they do a lot of great white shark shark tagging and stuff off the coast of the Northeast here where you can track the Sharks what's it called I think is it goes in called shark tracker I think it's a tracker but they have Mary Kate and Mary Kate comes up here then goes off the coast of Jupiter than good so right over here in the corner that's where I had to uh docked up for like a week while I was visiting here on her shakedown trip like four years ago she's just trying to find a dinghy dock here we stopped in the Nantucket whaling museum which was absolutely awesome because we loved maritime history Nantucket was considered the wellin capital of the world and became a wealthy community because of it the whaleship Essex from the famous novel Moby Dick used Nantucket as its home port between whale hunts ships would depart from Nantucket and be away for years at a time to traveling all around the world in search of whales for their blubber sperm whales were the most desirable type of whale because it contains sperma Ceti which can be made into candles and other waxy products after its valuable oil is pressed out of it soon after its prime Nantucket begins slow down as the world's greatest whaling port due to nearby New Bedford taking its place with its deeper and easier to access harbor and mainland location Nantucket fell into an economic depression and had to reinvent itself more than once into what it is today an artists colony and affluent summer vacation island we just got done at the whaling Museum got some barbecue for lunch all the way up at head of the harbour and probably two miles away maybe three miles whitney bumpy even in the harbor here we're all the way up here we're gonna anchor the boat somewhere and try to go to the ocean and see if we can find these seals it's way way different up here it's like all like natural area wood some dune sandbars and like no houses up here and on the way up you can see all the houses kind of lining the shores and there are some questions and Kurt as close as we could to where we think the seals are now we got to kind of cut across the beach like two miles up seals are they rent jeeps and people out four-wheel drive can get over here by Jeep or four-wheel drive all right well there's a lighthouse way out there and we have to go like over to that side of that piece of land and that's where I think the seals are but it's already six o'clock and it's getting dark pretty early now this time of year so I'm not sure if it's gonna happen today we'll see on the seagull search today yeah it's already getting dark so we're heading back to the boat we got a long ways to go and lo the boat to get back to the big boat and the the channel is like really zig zaggy and little tiny day mark buoys so hopefully it doesn't get too dark on us all right we'll try again tomorrow hey guys thanks for watching as always we just want to let you guys know that we are releasing our next batch of limited edition t-shirts check that this design kind of represents our journey on our way up here with our whole engine problems both breaking down po-po us spend money yep unfortunately we figured it's something that everyone can pretty much relate to yeah especially everyone who has boat and everyone who watches our channel and saw that whole trip and yeah if you guys like this design you want to help support our channel you can check out the link in the description it's limited edition so same as last time you only have 14 days to buy we will see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattwhite9398 [1 likes]: I see Settlers of Catan!
  2. @spicat16 [1 likes]: New dog?
  3. @blueeyedsailor92 [1 likes]: What is your next stop? Any chance you're going to cruise through Buzzards Bay? Make a stop over in New Bedford harbor and I'll buy dinner!
  4. @C0NVICK1: Noice
  5. @Mars_Life_and_Beings: The steamship museum in Fall River, MA is real good. https://battleshipcove.org/maritime-museum/
  6. @pollywogA1: You know, I would be doing the exact same thing if it weren't that I get wicked seasick.
  7. @ernestdougherty3162: Good video all y'all and I've had that app since they came out with it ocearch global shark tracker
  8. @1werewolf: Billy you are a lucky man, but maybe not. You probably earned it. Being able to spend so much time on,in, or near the ocean truly is a blessing. Trust me when I say I bet most people would love to be where you are. I spent Almost 5 years in the US Coast  guard, and wish I had stayed a lot longer. Thought I was missing something on land, but nothing special really happens on land. I am sure living on a boat can get costly, but imo pro's outweigh the con's. Sierra is also a blessing, and Jetty They are cute as buttons.
  9. @Borders-N-Beyond: Just subscribed, you two are really good to watch guys..... sorry i should say you three
  10. @private1750: What about some warm leggings like Sierra was wearing with your logo on them to match the hoodie?
  11. @haydensmith3402: PHD marine biologist. 100T mastaer capt'n. want to know the thesis?!!!!???
  12. @abbygale420guin2: How old r jetty and marlin?
  13. @MrRourk: I know you said Catamaran but what is one more hull?   Steal this before I do!   http://m.sailboatlistings.com/view/68645
  14. @lmichael5034: Just ordered round 2 of shirts - love the videos. safe travels
  15. @herenow4317: Hello I have first hoodie and its great, I order second hoodie with new design, im sure it will be fine....however, next round will you do hoodie with front face zipper? or too much added cost and hassle, thanks enjoy the videos...go jetty
  16. @GI-AUS: Something fun to do for you guys: pull into Bristol RI and goi sail one of these UFO's made there by Fulcrum Speedworks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHzweBRE3vQ&ab_channel=DavidClark
  17. @JCAJCA3: Nice video. GOD bless. JC
  18. @svvaliant2939: It looks beautiful there! Thanks for sharing with us!
  19. @49dodgeguy: And again !!!!!   Once more I caught your video just before leaving for work on a Monday morning ,,,,,thank you,,,,thank you,,,,it will now be a great day,,,,I so enjoy your adventures,,,,,take care guys,,,,
  20. @zzzxxzzz4797: Thanks for sharing 😎

- The Ottisons:  A True Nantucket Story: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] stepping on to this property is like stepping back in time the otisons myself my brother and my father built all these structures has been all constructed basically of Salvage wreckage from the shores and Nantucket we did the best we could with what we had we were approached way back what were we going to do with the property developers started knocking on our door they could make us very wealthy and we weren't about to leave the house we created the land we created that was never going to be in our lifetime we want to protect Nantucket because it's a really special place we've seen the best in Nantucket it's sad to see how much it's changed I think the old Nantucket is long gone my name is Susan Chase odesson I am a 10th Generation native nantucketer my name is Carl otisin and I'm a fourth generation native nantucketer we've been married 43 years oh hell no [Laughter] we're friends before we were born Carl and I were classmates forever and wasn't until our 10th class reunion we got together he says you go and I said yeah I guess I gotta go and he says so we went together figured there'd be no place to park if everybody took their own car so 196 1968 Parkin was not a real problem around here then growing up on Nantucket as a child was very easy to do foreign it was such a quiet place well growing up here was only 3 000 people you just had small groups of people that you hung out with we rode our bicycles we went places and picked berries and fishing and we may do it what we had and what we could grow in the garden growing his houses in the 1940s the property looked a lot different than what it does today farming was a way of life dairy cows horses Grayson in the meadow our family owned approximately 100 acres in which today covers from the rotary to Fairgrounds Road right to The Creeks the property we are on to today this property is very spectacular all the birds and wildlife it's crazy I mean it's just there's something out there all the time to watch Mother Nature just is a show in itself it's always changing it's always changing what's that um pink flower right there so is that uh where are you looking honey Lalo my mom and dad were married in 1940. my father was Albert k odeson my dad was a carpenter Builder very skilled woodworker he would make furniture homes boats so I would see him do those things I wanted to do those things and I spent the rest of my life trying to catch up to his skills which was no easy task yeah every aspect of building a house is something we did as a combined family effort my family is always taken a lot of pride in recycling materials and wood don't waste anything The Artisan family have always been into early recyclable stuff it's amazing how Mr otisin bad just would pick up a piece of wood and he would make a whirly gig he made his own nails when he built his boat I mean to me that's amazing the beam in the kitchen is the Mast from a ship that foundered off of Tucker Nook so we brought Jacks and rollers and we got it up so we could move it and push it down to the water's edge because it was a long ways from the water and we got it to float and we towed it back to madiquette and put it on a big trailer brought it home we did our own plow Moon we did our own design work and assembling it makes no difference whether it was a boat or a building or what have you The Sawmill on the property is something I put together from just mechanical pieces I had laying around I guess I always knew I wanted to build a sawmill it's the only family owned and operated Sawmill on the island people know that we like to have wood well sometimes they want to patch up a fence or a shot they don't want to put brand new boards up they want it to blend in where I guess the recycling unit for the island I mean we have a lot of very fussy customers and they don't want just everything brand new all the time so they come here this is our firewood supply for the coming winter Albert and I my brother here he uh we we run both our homes on on firewood furnaces all you need is a handful of newspaper and a match it's easy there's no cleanup you just use it step out and you're through solar hot water heater Outdoors for outside showers that's yourself box painted black with some black two inch holes in it heats the water up and I pushed the hot water out with cold water so the cold water is pushing the hot water into my shower stove we were doing these things before people become energy conscious it's a way of life on Nantucket when I graduated out of high school I didn't know what I was going to do with myself and I fell into a position of making Nantucket light chip baskets with somebody and he retired and I kept on doing it I've been doing it for 54 years it's fascinating I love working with my hands when Carl and I got married we created a workshop downstairs in the lower half of the house and we have a little retail area and and people would come and see actually baskets being made and the finished products were there and it became a in full-fledged business for us and everything is made right here from scratch in all the years that we've been doing we didn't never elaborate on who we're making baskets for so I finally kind of said from the White House on down and so I leave it at that I still make a few baskets for people that have had an order with me I'm trying to clean it up because I am retiring I don't put too much in here because the crows come and eat it so all right we're going to the pond well when I moved in back in 78 the bachelor pad that long ago yeah it was just a field of poison ivy and wild roses and I got itchy to get something going and preserve and open it up Susan expanded the lawn by about 900 percent when we first started I mean I had to go get books on what were the wildflowers growing here and my thought was to plant amongst the natural wildflowers that are already here some of the large willow trees on the east side of the lot I got the cuttings from damaged trees The Willows at the Harbor House had a we had a big storm and there were broken branches everywhere so Sue and I were riding around and I jumped out and I threw in a bunch of the branches that the crews hadn't picked up yet and I brought them home and stuck them in the ground various places around the lot they're down there now and they're they're probably over 30 feet tall they're 42 year old trees it would help to start it was the apple trees we wanted to get to those apple trees and see what else was around in the in the property Sue decided that we would get married under the one of the one of the closer apple trees so we made a path down to that and that was the beginning of paths this apple tree is at least 100 years old but this is the tree that we got married under in 1979 and we had just planted this rhododendron which was teeny weeny and it's huge now the early things that caught my interest in my wife was she invites me to dinner one night and she's cooking roast beef she put together a wonderful little dinner for the two of us and but she cooked that roast beef in a toaster oven with very minimal kitchen facilities she pulled that off flawlessly and I said to myself this is a very capable woman I worked on Yuzu Tommy of course he happened to come with a very beautiful home and a very beautiful view So I Married it we were approached way back in 2000 what were we going to do with the property we have no children so what are we going to do with this and and we hadn't really thought about it and this gentleman had some other partners and they were going to go in together and buy the whole eight Acres that we had they offered a surprise and right and we got that got us thinking wait a minute that's not the kind of thing we want to do we want to leave it for everybody not see it chopped up or hotel down along the road we just decided that we lived here for the rest of our natural lives and uh in the end it can go back to the people of Nantucket leaving this property in their hands it's going to show a lifestyle that we lived over there will bring a little joy to people like it has brought to us the otisin family

  Top Comments:
  1. @JS-bl3sg [2 likes]: Stories like this give me such joy. To maintain and keep land the way it was meant to be is such a gift to the world. Thank you for sharing your life and story with us.
  2. @donnaallgaier-lamberti3933 [2 likes]: So thankful that your priority is to protect the land in Nantucket. I respect that so much!
  3. @yvonnerahmes9618 [2 likes]: So amazing, so lush, so wonderful to find this short film of Nantucket and this bit of real history with real people, places and things...  Marvelous!!!
  4. @RJ1234-d1s [1 likes]: Such a wonderful humans. Warm, hardworking and so generous. We need more of them on this Earth.
  5. @MichaelMoher [1 likes]: Refreshing.
  6. @karinschild9020 [1 likes]: Yayy, a wonderful story! From a small island in the Pacific to one in the Atlantic; how similar we are in essense
  7. @thomastuorto9929: Beautiful property & very fortunate own it. I agree. All water front or near water property is overbuilt. Make you rich! I doubt it. Maybe your bank account but not your life.
  8. @eftsoulpath333: Great video but please lower the volume...what YouTube videographers need to realize is that some of us have hearing that goes right to the music and we cant hear the words...thank you...
  9. @viviannedonnelly233: The Ottisons' story was an inspiring breath of fresh air!
  10. @deelynn8611: Beautiful.
  11. @brianmark3049: Beautiful family.I love Nantucket! Ive lived on Cape Cod most of my life(dont want to live anywhere else).Im 67 now and like taking in the 4 seasons:face-blue-smiling:
  12. @anand_cochin: what a lie- a Native Nantucketer cannot be white!
  13. @carolfillman: I love. This well done thank you gor sharribg
  14. @allencurtis2280: An awesome story with awesome people.
  15. @stephaniegriffiths251: Wow, This was worth finding
  16. @maurawhelan3530: My former in laws are from the cape. So much history…what a great story…10th generation Nantucketer! Very cool. Wonder if they have any Native American blood…what a great story. Too beautiful an area to be developed. How uplifting…thank you.
  17. @peterl.kellner779: Superb!
  18. @michaelgillespie502: They have wealth beyond belief in their beautiful property and home!! OMG what more could you ask for or want? Not me, I love and respect them
  19. @LilyGazou: Too bad. I wish there was someone who would love it and not turn it into the “land banks” of the Hamptons.
  20. @joannmay-anthony1076: Are yinz Norwegian? My uncle was and spelled his name Otteson and he lived in Wisconsin.

- Woman Found Dead on Yacht in Ritzy Hamptons Marina — Everything We Know: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, this is Martha from East by East. I am the founder, the creative director. >> A mystery is unfolding in the Hamptons. This 33-year-old fashion designer is dead. >> Female is now breathing at the Montalk Yach Club. >> 32 Island Road. >> We know that homicide detectives are involved. They were called to the Montalk Yach Club after she was found dead aboard a boat early Tuesday morning. what we're learning about her and what may have happened in a place usually seen as a summer playground for the rich and famous. We're on the case presented by Law and Crime. I'm Chris Stewart. [Music] There are a lot of questions right now in a story involving the death of a young woman in Montalk, New York. Here is her picture. Her name is Martha Nolan Oslatara. She was just 33 years old. She was originally from Ireland, but she moved to New York. She lived in Manhattan. It appears that she was a frequent visitor to the Hamptons, as so many people from New York are this time of year. Her social media shows her going places on helicopters. She's taking private jets. She's partying with friends, jet setting around for both fun and business. When it comes to business, it appears that Martha really built a successful life for herself since moving to the United States. On her LinkedIn, she says she's the founder of a fashion brand called East by East. They have more than 50,000 followers on Instagram. She wrote on Facebook that she was in her East by East era. On July 1st, Martha posted that her company had a popup in Montalk at a resort there. This was her final post on social media. Martha was found dead in Montalk early Tuesday morning. She was aboard a boat at the Montalk Yach Club. Here are pictures of that club from above. Right now, there are more questions than answers about what happened to Martha. I did talk to police earlier today on Long Island, and this is what they told me. At around midnight on Tuesday, Suffach County police say a 911 call came in from a man reporting that a woman was unconscious aboard a boat docked at the Montalk Yach Club. >> Female uncons. [Applause] >> On the yach club's website, it says it is the largest marina in the Hamptons. It's a luxury resort on 16 acres of land. We looked at how much it would cost to get a room there, but they're booked up for most of the summer. It's a place right along the tip of Long Island. It's a beautiful beach town that is very popular this time of year. Police say when they arrived at the Monta Yach Club, they found who they call good Samaritans doing CPR on Martha. Police say she was pronounced dead aboard that boat. A preliminary investigation and exam were inconclusive when it came to determining her cause of death. At the time of this recording, we are waiting on an autopsy from the Suffach County Medical Examiner. Police have yet to say whether her death is the result of foul play or criminal activity, but again, we know homicide detectives have been called to the scene and they are continuing to investigate her death. When I talked to the Suffach County Police Department today, they told me they weren't expecting a news conference at any point today to give an update, but again, that could always change. I also asked about when this autopsy could be done and they say they typically don't have an ETA. Could be one day, could be multiple days until we get the results of that. There are some media reports that are shedding light on what happened before police arrived. According to the New York Post, some members of the yach club reported hearing screams from the dock late Monday night. The Daily Mail is reporting that the boat that Martha was on was known for being a quote party boat and that a man who is believed to be her boyfriend ran onto the dock naked to get help screaming quote that's my girlfriend. However, the police have not confirmed those reports. The Montalk Yach Club released a statement saying they are cooperating with the investigation and with law enforcement, but they would not provide further comment or details on what happened. Joining us now to talk about this from New York is retired NYPD detective and the host of the Gold Shields podcast, Tom Smith. Always great to have you on Law and Crime, especially for some of these stories that are just developing and and you do a great job giving us insight into how these investigations work. Where's your mind at based off the limited information we have thus far about what possibly happened to this young woman? >> Well, this is a classic mystery, you know. So, what you have to do as a detective, you're going to get to the scene. You're going to completely work backwards. You're just going to, you know, go back as far as you can with starting with that evening. Where did it all begin? How did the day start? And that's going to go through social media posts, interviews of family members, friends, boyfriends, whatever it might be to set up some sort of timeline of how they went from a to this horrible ending. Uh, and what took place in between will work itself out, but initially you're just going to start working backwards, Chris, into finding out what took place that night and then you're going to take it from there. Because at the time of this recording, we don't know whether there's foul play involved. Police haven't said yes and they haven't said no to that. We don't know a cause of death. There's an autopsy that's pending at this point. So, so there's a lot of questions there. But Suffach County police say their homicide detectives were called to the scene. How often is it that a homicide detective is investigating something that isn't a homicide? >> Well, you don't know if it is yet. So, you're going to send that team in because the indications are you have a mystery, you have a dead body, and it might be, you know, we don't know all the particulars about the area or what they might have found. Uh, is there any blood in the area? So, things like that would would certainly indicate who would show up to the scene and start the investigation. the homicide team in anywhere either Suffach County or the NYPD would get called to this because like I said the circumstances surrounding it, you want the best guys and girls out there to start this investigation. As far as the scene and what we know when people first arrived, um there were good Samaritans giving her CPR uh and then they weren't able to determine her cause of death at the scene. So, so actually let's go there. What exactly can be done? Because I think if someone's been shot and and that doesn't appear to have happened here, I I assume a responding officer could say with pretty good idea that we believe this person was shot dead. In this case, it still seems to be very much a mystery how this woman lost her life. Uh what does that tell you at this point that those preliminary tests turned up nothing? >> Yeah, not not surprised because like you said, you know, there could be a number of factors involving someone's death. You know, they have to look into medication. What did she do? Did she fall off the boat? Did she hit her head? You know, did someone cause her to fall and hit her head? You know, so all of those uh are going to be come to a conclusion with interviews. You're just going to start piecing together what took place and the account of the people who were there of what happened that night and and try to piece this puzzle together. But, you know, the initial indication is someone's dead. So, you're just going to start there and work it, you know, like I said before, backwards and then at a point in time, it's going to go forwards. >> These preliminary tests, and I only know that from the from the news release that the Suffach County PD put out just saying that initial tests came back inconclusive to her cause of death. What are some of those tests if you're a responding officer that you're doing trying to figure out how someone died at the scene? >> Yeah, you just the preliminary tests are are just that preliminary. That's questioning people and just kind of looking and getting a visual of the crime scene because you don't want to disrupt the crime scene. So, you're not going to be flipping her body over. You're not going to be tracing through there looking for anything in particular. You're going to be in an area where you can just kind of look around and make sure that area is secure. But some of the indications of of possible causes of death are going to be from the people who were there. When did you last see her? Was there an argument? How did she feel? How did she look? How did she act? You know, so all those are going to be part of the quoteunquote preliminary uh investigation as far as a possible cause of death. Uh so she's found on this boat, which was reportedly, and you know, this came from the New York Post that it was somewhat of a party boat. It was a boat where a lot of people typically are hanging out. Um today, what are detectives doing on that boat? You have the body that's been sent to the medical examiner. They'll do their tests and a lot of information will come from that autopsy. But when you're at the scene today and it appears that they have a command post set up at the yach club, what are they doing? Well, the first thing I would do is try to find as much video as you can. Uh there's nothing like going to video surveillance cameras or CCTVs or whatever might be in place to piece together what happened. And also, you're going to process the crime scene. Is there anything laying around, any uh odd items, particular items of interest that you want to gather as as possible pieces of evidence? And the other thing is you want to do interviews of anyone else on that boat. Was anyone else feeling sick? Was anyone else ill? Did anyone else, you know, fall into kind of a nauseated state of maybe, you know, something eaten or drink drank, you know, anything like that? So all of the process of the uh crime scene is going to go on some interviews as well. And what they are told, >> we don't know a lot about this woman other than that she was, it seems, very successful. She had her own clothing line. She had moved to the United States from Ireland. Really made a life for herself. Um, I think for, you know, there's there's speculation and that's all it is at this point that something was potentially ingested based off the fact that we don't know what the toxicology was or anything like that. Um, when it comes to an investigation like that, um, and you're investigating maybe drug use or someone eating something that might not have sat well with them, whatever it may be. How do those investigations typically go when it comes to, I guess, determining whether it's a homicide? Yeah, it's a lot of interviews and it's a lot of uh her background. You know, were there any problems with anyone that she's had? You know, that's what I mean. Social media is a great tool for law enforcement because you can go really deep into someone's background and what led up to this night. Uh and you know, the toxicology report obviously is going to be the compelling factor in this and when it's done of a particular cause of death, whether it was ingested, whether you know, anything like that. So everything is an open book and everything's on the table at this point, but you're going to rely on the autopsy once that's done for sure. >> When you interview someone and just from the Daily Mail reporting that the the boyfriend was naked at around midnight when all this happened and he's screaming for help. It's his So I mean, he's been through something traumatic apparently. How do you go about these interviews when you're trying to figure out whether something criminal happened? >> Well, you want information. So, you have to be sympathetic to what's going on in his life. You know, if he had nothing to do with this, he's going to be broken. He's going to be upset. He's going to be emotional. So, you have to, you know, take that in into consideration in taking your time with an interview. Get them in a secluded area, sit them down and just take your time and methodically go through their relationship, what happened that night, what led up to this. So, you want to start at whatever beginning you can come up with, which will then lead to actually the end of this and and her death and and the 911 call, but you just really want to take your time with this. And the other thing is, you know, at some point you you are going to have to maybe start thinking of, you know, the future of this and a trial and a, you know, part of the criminal justice system. So, you want to make sure statements are written down the right way. Any Miranda warnings that are that have to be given are given. So, you want to make sure nothing's missed because you don't know what's going to take place with this or what's going to come up in the future. So, you start preparing for a prosecution or a trial immediately with making sure you do everything right. And this happened Tuesday night, Monday night into Tuesday. So, around midnight at some point is when the first calls to 911 were made. Now, we're heading into Wednesday afternoon. Not a lot of information from law enforcement as of yet. What type of timeline typically is there to giving the public more information about what happened? >> Well, you want to be sure in your information. You don't want to just have a press conference, and this happens way too often. You don't want to have a press conference for the sake of having a press conference because that just gets, you know, the information out there that doesn't need to be out there. And the investigators and whoever might be running this investigation at the time, you've seen it so many times. They're going to sit up there and say, "We're not going to comment on the investigation at this point." Which means, you know, they may have a break. They may have information on something that they're not willing to give out yet. And when all that is ready to, then they will. But, you know, we see it too often where press conferences, you know, are just done because they are, you know, and it's time for one. And maybe they're just holding on a little bit longer for this one to make sure they don't present that and everything's given to the press and the public the right way. No. And I'm guilty of that in being a member of the press is when uh the press conference, we want to see it happen fast and then we start asking questions and then when we get no comment, we're like, why are we here for this press conference? And and I know thing things don't work that quickly. Um, when I talked to the Suffach County Police today, they said you don't really know an ETA for an autopsy, but typically what goes into that process and how long it takes to get the results back in something like this. >> Well, just the autopsy itself can be done pretty quick. The toxicology report is is what takes the most time. That takes that could be actually a couple of weeks uh in order to get all that information and you know from that report. But the autopsy itself, as far as just a path pathology report, can be done pretty quick. And if there's no signs of anything involving her death with that, then we're going to have to wait for the uh the other report, which could take a couple of weeks. >> I I think this is the it builds itself as the largest marina in the Hamptons, which is saying a lot. I mean, this is a busy place in the summertime. This is where where a lot of people go to hang out. Um, as a detective, I just think you're going boat to boat and you're talking to people who are around the boat that she was on last night. Um, and and that I'm sure gets exhausting after a while. How do you go about that day and trying to figure out whether you know this person who might have heard something last night, this person who just wants to tell police something, this person that might actually have information about what happened. How do you sift through all that? >> Yeah, it it's tough and and it's just coordination. That's all it is. these detectives in Suffach County and whoever else might be helping them out has been through this many many times and you run it just like any other investigation. You have your your case officer, case detective who's going to basically run the investigation and then the team and other people who are involved in this are just going to supplement him. They're going to go out do the interviews and then you collect all the uh the statements and you just start putting a a puzzle together and a timeline together. But it's a lot of coordination. It's a lot of understanding who's doing what and tasking. You know, you may have two guys, you're assigned to this, two other guys are assigned to this, two other guys are assigned to this, and it just goes from there. And then you gather the information, put it in some sort of order to get a better picture of what happened. >> What are the type of resources? Because the Suffach County Police Department covers a large large area, very busy area. Again, this is a very busy time of the year where I'm sure there's a lot of other things not in the news that as a detective you have to investigate. But in a case like this, which is getting more high-profile by the hour, how much how many resources are being put into this, how many people are probably working on this trying to figure out what happened? >> Yeah, you're going to use as many as it takes, you know, and if the FBI has to get involved to supplement some some technical issues, then fine. If the FBI, if the NYPD has to get involved because of maybe something comes up on their end, so be it. You know, this is kind of a all hands-on deck thing. When there's an investigation like that, all the all the resources are out there and everyone will be accessible to, you know, help out in this. There's no shortage of that for sure, especially in New York, you know, that. >> Well, yeah. And and I think of MTalk. I mean, that is one of the quintessential parts of the Hamptons. A lot of people above my tax bracket uh spend uh their summers there. When you're cover, you know, working a case like this and it is high-profile and there's all the media asking questions, people like me calling the Suffach County Police Department for updates throughout the day, which I'm sure gets annoying, but you're working that case and you know that everybody has their eyes on it. What is it like to be in that position as that detective? >> Well, you just take it for what it is. You know, you don't get wrapped up in the noise. you don't listen to, you know, all the reports that are going out there. You just end up doing your job. And not to sound callous, and I don't mean it this way, but you run it like another case. You know, you just run it the same way they have probably many, many times. And you just try not to get ahead of yourself. You try not to, like we just said, don't have a press conference just for for having a press conference. Make sure all the information out there is true and legit. and then you just go about your regular investigative steps. And I think that's what they're doing here. And that's why it's at the point it is right now with not just sending out information for the sake of doing it. They're when they're ready to release the uh information on it, they will >> and and I think of just kind of just thinking of Montalk because it is a unique place for at least the mystery of something like this happening and it's a tourist spot. You want people to feel safe. Not that this isn't an isolated incident and it might not even be a case of of foul play, but uh as far as the pressure aspect of it, is there ever I'm not going to say political pressure, but the pressure of it being trying to find in a tourist location like this where there's a lot of attention, does that ever factor into an investigation? Because often in the movies, we see the person who's the the ranking commander comes in and says something to the detectives. In reality, is that ever something that really comes into play? >> No, not really. because you don't want any outside influences, you know, running the investigation. That's for sure. Listen, every detective and every supervisor wants a quick conclusion. That's for for sure. And and they'll get to there, but you try not to, you know, cater to any other any outside influences that that may be out there. Uh the good thing is, you know, like you mentioned a couple of times, Chris, it's a secluded area. So, the one thing that detectives have on their side, probably the same people are there every day or every weekend, which helps out in the investigation because they're going to know the area. They're going to know who's there all the time. They're going to know what goes on on some party boats and that's going to help the investigation. You don't have a bunch of strangers. A bunch of them probably know each other. So, that's going to help out when detectives start really piecing this together. >> Yeah. And and I think too, I mean, this is a very well-known yacht club. I'm sure there are security cameras all over the place, even on some of the boats as they pull into the marina. Um, we'll see how this plays out. We have to be patient. I know that's how these things work, but what a mystery. Um, out on the tip of Long Island, retired NYPD detective Tom Smith, co-host of Gold Shields podcast. It's always great to have you on Law and Crime. Thanks for being with us. >> Always a pleasure, Chris. Thanks again. >> That will do it for On the Case, presented by Law and Crime. Subscribe to us on YouTube and Spotify. I'm Chris Stewart. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theowl3756 [4 likes]: So, this is the story. Martha having a business meeting with a Rich 60 year old Naked Guy at Midnight on a little dinky called Ripple with the tag of Grateful Dead....!!! What could go wrong?...The cause of death may be unknown yet. But Martha providing services for the Rich Naked Guy who was bankrolling her business should be rather obvious.
  2. @MarieHarvey-q8s [4 likes]: The guy was NOT her boyfriend….
  3. @spootnik00 [4 likes]: 11:06 That was not her bf it was the owner of the Yacht 60 yr old Christopher Durnan
  4. @LonnieSipsyMD-ls6qk [3 likes]: This stinks to high heaven..bet the “insurance executive “ is really sweating it right now!
  5. @timothyslaughter476 [1 likes]: THEY'RE GONNA HANDLE THIS LIKE ANY OTHER CASE. THEN PROCEEDS TO TELL US NO STONE WILL BE UNTURNED TO SEE HOW PRETTY RICH GIRL DIED. THATS NOT LIKE ANY OTHER CASE BROH. NICE TRY.
  6. @NichelessBoomer [1 likes]: That's. Not. A yacht.
  7. @Rafael-oi6dj [1 likes]: May have been murder but a victim of her "lifestyle", anyway
  8. @SpecialK199 [1 likes]: The boat is called ripple. Owned by someone rich. Don’t make this go away.
  9. @denniskwong5815: Did they found out who kill her
  10. @Pondering33: Cue the usual obfuscation over the death of a female. Hint: IF it’s homicide, it’s a man! If it’s homicide, probably the boyfriend.
  11. @lynetteireland: Dr Todd Grande went into a bit more detail. 
Christopher knows what happened
  12. @Carin-w7r: Running naked, he did something come on mystery. Investigations
  13. @alexandrinatiganus4714: Va trebuie iahturi
  14. @timothyslaughter476: So pretty,  so wealthy, so dead ah!!
  15. @joerigsby-qt5bf: Why are all these comments so off topic?? Hope you’re not on drugs also!  Point being, this lady had a questionable sugar daddy and he didn’t want to lose her. His “second” incident of two dead females. Doesn’t take Einstein to put this simple puzzle togather! Drug residue, him naked, case closed!!! Guilty in any court..
  16. @lean-h5u: Poor family too young .I hope the truth will came out.
  17. @valleygirl2530: The Showtime series “The Affair” was filmed in Montauk.  The lead character Alison lived in an apartment that looks like that resort.  In the end of the series Alison was killed in her home - by an angry boyfriend.
  18. @harmonarmon: Excellent - retired NYPD Tom Smith
  19. @carolskuletich5218: This man sounds like a parasite. Wife died with mystery and now this lady. Luxury means nothing.  Bad dude
  20. @joesmith9216: TAKE a wild guess? if not done in by the elite she was dating daquan!

- Second Autopsy Released in Montauk Yacht Club Death Investigation: Kind: captions Language: en How did this young, hard-working bikini designer die? Martha Nolan O Slattera was found dead on a yacht at a ritzy yach club in the Hamptons. The last person to be seen with her was a man nearly twice her age, and he was reportedly naked after she died, and he was screaming for help on the dock. Now, we're learning more about what an autopsy of Nolan's body reportedly found, and it is taking questions surrounding this case and the death of this woman months later to a new level. We're on the case presented by Law and Crime. I'm Chris Stewart. Hey guys, before we start this episode of On the Case, let's talk about something important. Obviously, the stories we cover here show the scary realities of people becoming the victims of crimes. And one crime that is continuing to create victims is identity theft. But Incogn helps erase your digital trail. They find sites exposing your information and they demand removal so it is safe from scammers and identity thieves. Setup couldn't be easier. You create account, you authorize Incogn to do the heavy lifting and it takes it from there. And with their new unlimited plans custom removals feature, you submit specific links and their privacy team will personally scrub them. Take your privacy back with Incogn. Go to incogn.com/onthecase and use code onthecase for 60% off an annual plan. When a young woman seemingly healthy, driven, and loved by a man, winds up dead in a place like Ma, New York, it's going to get a lot of attention and it's going to spark a lot of speculation. And that is certainly the case in the death of Martha Nolan Olatter. She was 33 years old and she died on August 4th. And months later, that case, it is still a mystery. But we have a new development where the family of Martha Nolan Oslata says they did a second autopsy on her body and it is unveiling some very key pieces of information that may help us piece together what happened to this woman. Now, they also have raised some new questions about the man who allegedly was with Martha the night that she died. According to the Daily Mail, the 60-year-old man, according to the family of Martha Nolan Slattera, could have looked at what was a business meeting as more than that. Did he think that it was a romantic encounter? Now, I'll tell you the new details on that part of the story in just a moment, but let's break down the major clues in this case. Oater went by Martha Nolan publicly. She was 33 years old, and she has quite the story because she had moved to New York City from her native Ireland back in 2015, and she had become a rising star in the New York fashion scene. Seemed, at least from social media, she lived a high-flying lifestyle of luxury, and as an entrepreneur, she really worked for it. She was the founder of a clothing line called East by East and they made swimwear and it was becoming really popular in ritzy places like the Hamptons. >> Hi guys, this is Martha from East by East. I am the founder, the creative director. >> Nolan reportedly started the brand in 2022. New York Magazine reports that she wanted to make it a global brand. Though she had high hopes for this business, but she was starting out, as so many small businesses do, with pop-up shops. She did a lot of those in the Hamptons as she was trying to work her way into the wealthy crowds of a place that is a hot spot for the rich and famous in the summertime. New York Magazine reports that to help give her business a boost, she sold 13% of the company to a wealthy man named Christopher Durn. He's a 60-year-old widowerower. His wife reportedly took her own life in 2018. Now, Durnan sold his insurance company, the magazine writes, and he really had become a fixture of the Hamptons in the summertime. He made a lot of money after selling his company. He owned multiple yachts, and he kept them at the Montalk Yacht Club, which is where Martha Nolan died. Now, Durnan was allegedly with Nolan the night that she died. Duran reportedly invested $250,000 in East by East. So, that is a good amount of money, especially for what seems like a small and budding swimsuit brand. But the company still needed more money. And the night that Martha Nolan died, she and Durnan allegedly went out for a cruise on his yacht to talk business. Now, New York Magazine reports that Durnan and Nolan, they were out sipping champagne. They watched the sunset before they returned to the yacht club late at night. Members of Nolan's family told the Daily Mail, though, it appears that Durnan at least thought that this was more of a romantic evening than just a straight business meeting. The 60-year-old, they say, stock the yacht with bottles of Dom Perinan Champagne. Now, that's definitely the type of stuff that's uh higher than my tax bracket. We're talking like $200 to $300 a bottle, and that's probably for the cheaper kind of dom that you can get. Now, Nolan was reportedly in a relationship with a man her age. So, the idea that there was some sort of romantic dynamic between her and the 60-year-old investor in her company is certainly odd. The night that Martha Nolan died, she was also allegedly texting with her boyfriend saying that she was going to be home late at night. The lawyer for Durnan, though, and I want to note that Durnan has not been charged in connection to this crime. And frankly, we don't know if Martha Nolan's death is a crime. The lawyer though for Christopher Durnan said that his client was actually more than friends with Martha Nolan. Now, that's an odd part to this story for sure. According to New York Magazine, shortly after her death, Durnan's attorney said, quote, "They actually dated. He had told me after it happened that he loved her and that he had met her family." He claims that Durnan visited family of Martha Nolan in Ireland. Now, Nolan's family says that's not true. Durnan's lawyer did eventually walk back some of those comments, saying, quote, he goes, "We weren't boyfriend and girlfriend." The attorney wouldn't say anything more about Durnan and Nolan and their relationship, like whether they were physically intimate, saying it wouldn't be fair to her memory now that she's passed away. But that is definitely part of the story that just stays in your mind as we're trying to figure out what exactly happened at the Monta Yach Club back in August. Now, the relationship between Nolan and the man who she was with, that's obviously an important part of this story. Nolan's family says that she wasn't anything more than just a business partner to the older Durnan. So on the night that Martha dies, she and Durnan are on this supposed business meeting on his yacht sipping champagne watching the sunset off of Montalk. And this is allegedly what happens next. Durnan's lawyer told New York Magazine that Nolan and his client were on Durn's boat called Ripple. He says the two talked business. They apparently had been on the water for a decent amount of time. The magazine says, "At 9:20 at night, a friend in a group chat that Nolan was part of made a joke because she hadn't texted back in a while." And the text says, "Mao, I'm sure her phone died." Or maybe she's dead. Nolan then responded to that text 10 minutes later saying, quote, "Lol, I'm at the yach club now. My phone is on." But about an hour later, Nolan did die. Duran's lawyer says around 10:30 or 11, Martha Nolan just went limp. The lawyer says that Duran described it like she had a heart attack. >> Yacht Club 32 Island Road. >> Police say the 911 call came in around midnight, which New York magazine says leaves an hour unaccounted for compared to Durnan's lawyer's timeline of events. Duran's lawyer says that his client tried to save Nolan by giving her CPR. But in another odd twist related to this man that Nolan was with, Durnan was allegedly naked looking for help for Martha. The New York Post spoke to witnesses who say they saw Durnan throwing sunscreen at people's boats trying to wake them up, yelling, "Do something." So obviously the question is, why would this man be naked on a Monday night after having a business meeting with a 33-year-old girl? Well, Duran's lawyer told New York Magazine that his client had to take his clothes off because they were just soaked in Nolan's vomit. He also says that his client doesn't know how long he did CPR on Nolan as an explanation for any gap in time that might appear unaccounted for from when Martha Nolan went unconscious to when police were called. Police have not said that there were any signs of foul play in Martha Nolan's death. And once again, Christopher Durnan hasn't been charged with anything. But there is just so much speculation about what might have happened. And pictures like this definitely fuel that speculation. a white powdery substance that was reportedly found on Durnan's boat after police had cleared the scene. And this has fueled speculation that Nolan's death was an overdose. Duran's lawyer told New York Magazine that the powder that you see on the boat that that actually isn't an illegal substance that was left behind, but it's actually dust that police left there when they were looking for fingerprints on board the boat. Now, Durnan's lawyer said that his client told detectives that Nolan had excused herself twice the night that they were together, and that suggests that either maybe she had to go to the bathroom, or could it be a sign of someone excusing themselves to the bathroom to do drugs. Nolan's family lawyer, though, has pushed back on that, pushed back on the possibility of her being a drug user. He told the New York Post that she wasn't known to do drugs. Now, that gets us to this new information about the autopsy that the family of Martha Nolan requested. Nolan's family ordered their own autopsy of her body. That autopsy found that she had quote only trace amounts of cocaine in her system. The Daily Mail was first to report this. The New York Post has said that Nolan likely died of an overdose. And they're still waiting on a final autopsy officially from law enforcement to come back. But the family's autopsy claims that the amount of drugs in her system were not enough to kill her. They also point out that the cocaine could have been in her system days before her death. The autopsy also shows that she was young and healthy. This is according to the Daily Mail and it confirmed no signs of foul play like strangulation or blunt force trauma. So, this continues to be a mystery as we wait for the official final autopsy from law enforcement to be released and a toxicology test. Nolan's family attorney did not return our calls for comment. Christopher Durnan has not been charged in connection to Nolan's death. Joining us now to talk more about this case is Dr. Nato Rutherford, coroner for Richland County, South Carolina. It's always great to have you on Law and Crime and and helping us understand um when we get reports like this. Martha Nolan's family. They do the second autopsy and that reportedly finds trace amounts of cocaine in her system. What possibilities could that open the door to when it comes to her cause of death? >> Well, Chris, thank you so much for having me on. So, let's just talk about what trace amounts of cocaine really means. And because they haven't provided specifics, it's really hard to get into the actual, you know, meat of what's happening. So, trace amounts could mean a number of things. Number one, you have the parent drug cocaine. Was that actually found or were the cocaine metabolites found? And so you have two main ones. Uh you have benzo ecgonine um and then you also have egonine methylester. Both of those are metabolites once cocaine is ingested into the body. That's how it kind of breaks down. And so if you think about um like a cold medicine, it may have t like acetaminophen in it and it may have dextrophine in it, right? How that metabolizes in the body becomes very important. And so what is it that we're seeing? Are we seeing trace amounts of cocaine as in this is a person who did not normally utilize cocaine or they utilize cocaine days prior and it's still showing up on their on their drug screen? Also, did the family get a basic U panel done or did they get an expanded panel done? The fact that they're not telling us what the trace amounts of cocaine actually is, whether it's the metabolites or the parent drug, is very important to me as I do a death investigation because I need to know those things. And even though they may be trace amounts, cocaine is not a safe drug to do because it raises the blood pressure. It can cause someone to have a stroke. it can cause their heart rate to um beat abnormally and have an arhythmia or dysriythmia. And so we can't just ignore this trace amount of cocaine. Um it may not have been what we would consider to be a lethal amount, but we cannot ignore it. >> And and that's interesting like the idea of a stroke because Martha Nolan, she's 33 years old, seemingly healthy, and and that was according to the family's autopsy. Um you know, no conditions that we know about. Um, and then the man that she was with when she died, his attorney told New York Magazine that he described her final moments, it was almost as if she was having a heart attack. >> Um, is there any possibility that that based off of if she has trace amounts of cocaine in her system? I also think her family said she wasn't an active drug user. Who knows if families actually know if people are, you know, what their lives are behind closed doors. But >> exactly >> how likely could the possibility of a a 33y old woman seemingly healthy having a heart attack? Like how possible could that be? >> So if you remember I said that cocaine raises your blood pressure. And so it doesn't matter your age. What matters is how high that blood pressure goes and how fast it gets to that level. Again the arrhythmias that can happen. Um you have the heart beating so fast that it may not be able to catch up. And if she looks like she's having a heart attack, she very well could have had a heart attack. As a ER nurse, I'll tell you the number of people in their 30s who've come in and I have to say to them, listen, I'm not judging you. Just tell me if you did cocaine. And they they will have denied it and then they'll say, yes, I did a little bit. Okay, cool. Now I know how to treat you. But if we don't have that information, um then it's very hard to provide care. In this case, we have a eyewitness who from what I understand is not being super cooperative with police. He had some reportedly erratic behavior prior to her death as well, running around the clubhouse naked, throwing sunscreen at other boats. And again, these are just, you know, things that are in the media, but we can't ignore all of the pieces of the puzzle in order to see a clear picture here. >> So, she's with this man, Christopher Durn. He's 60 years old. There's certainly part of this story of like what was their relationship? He had invested money reportedly in her business, but then there are these reports like from the family saying that maybe he thought, you know, though he's 60, she's 33, like did were they romantically involved in some way? And that's not a crime if if that's the reality, but it's certainly like it's suspicious. Um I just think publicly looking, you know, looking at the story, you're like, what's going on there? The way that he tells it. So it was on one hand it's it's like she had a heart attack but then on the other hand his attorney told New York magazine the reason he had to become naked was she just threw up so much so it was all over his clothes. From a symptom standpoint does somebody throw up when they're having a heart attack? >> It can happen. They can become really nauseated and sometimes people can um have emmesis that comes out as a result of that. You got to think the body is really trying to save itself and so it will try to purge itself sometimes. So that's not an uncommon thing to happen, but it's also not uncommon to happen in a drug overdose as well. And if she was reportedly not a drug user, right? Could this have been sprinkled on her food? Could a trace amount of it have been put into a drink or on the tip of her straw? It doesn't take a lot of cocaine in someone who is cocaine intolerant to cause an effect. And so if she had never experimented with this drug before, a very small amount could have done something like this to her. And again, her family is stating that she was a normal healthy uh girl. But we don't have the full reports of that secondary autopsy or the first one. And so we can't rule anything out. Just because someone is 33 that seems very young, they can still have they can be skinny and still have heart, you know, problems. They can still, you know, be thin and seemingly in shape. I mean, I've known people who are who are that age who just dropped dead from a heart attack. So, certain things can happen. It's not outside of the realm of possibility. But, I think what we really want to know here is what was she doing when she supposedly had this heart attack? And who else was on that boat? Were they the only two ones who were there? Usually, if you're on a yacht, there's at least staff there. What did they see? Did he do something to her? And we can't ignore the fact of this huge age gap. Was he thinking that something could possibly happen romantically with them? If I was the second autopsy, um the person doing the second autopsy, I'd be looking for tiny puncture marks. Could he have injected her with something? Could he have immobilized her in some way? What else happened on this boat? And I think a thorough examination of her body, crevices, um folds like in your arms, uh between the toes, the breast area, those things are very important to take a closer look at with a with a very fine tooth uh comb to make sure that they're not missing anything. I know we need more details on what trace amounts of cocaine may actually mean, but according to um this article in the Daily Mail where this family source is talking about this this autopsy and what it found, they say that there's really no proof that she ingested cocaine that night that you know, how do we know when someone if if they have say trace amounts in their system, how do we figure out when she might have ingested that cocaine? Well, again, what metabolites are present? So, typically if you run an expanded panel, you'll be able to see to see all of the metabolites of that parent drug cocaine. And so, the level of those is going to be very important. So, when you see a number like let's say we saw a cocaine level of like 12, but then the benzogonine level was 1,500. Well, we'll we know looking at that that because the metabolite is higher than the parent number that that was a very recent ingestion and the body was actively trying to metabolize that. What I would want to know more importantly is what does her vitrius have in it? The little jellyike fluid that they can extract from the eye. The blood is the blood is great, but what does the vitrius hold? And that's going to give us sometimes a clearer indication of what may have been her in her system kind of on a on more long-term um time span. So I would definitely want to see what her vitrius humor showed, but I would also want to see if she had any electrolyte disturbances or imbalances. All that metabolite shows us is whether or not she took it, you know, within a few hours of her death or whether this is something that was in her system possibly for 24 to 48 hours. Cocaine clears the system fairly quickly. It's not like marijuana or THC that's going to stay for three, six months sometimes, even if you look at hair follicles. But they could also try to test her hair follicles to see if there's something else that may have shown up. I'd also want to see the results of a urine drug screen as well. Yeah, because it just it seems like I mean the part that I go back to with him being naked reportedly. Um and and for the reason being like she had thrown up a lot, it just seems a like there's something missing there and I don't know what I would do in that situation if you have someone you're with and then they die and then you're trying to figure out what happened like maybe they were dating. I don't know. Um when it comes to the second autopsy, how does that typically work where we're still Sopet County police really have said nothing other than that they're investigating. It's possibly an overdose according to the New York Post, but we haven't learned of what the toxicology results are and what the official autopsy found after the the initial one came back inconclusive, but the family says they did this second autopsy. Um, what typically goes into that when a family is able to get their own kind of examination of the body? >> So, you have to think that everything has been removed once they do that first autopsy. And so the the task of the second autopsy is to put all those things back together. So they have to look at the brain, but they have to they essentially are pulling them out of this big organ bag because all the organs are usually placed into a biohazard organ bag. So they have to remove all of those organs, identify all of those organs, and take their own samples of each. Typically in an autopsy, brain, liver, and kidney samples are taken. And then they'll also take samples, especially in a case like this where it's a suspected overdose. They're going to be taking a look at the adrenal glands. They they may take portions of the liver, the spleen, the pancreas. They may go ahead and take little portions of all of those organs to perform more uh testing, postmortem testing on them just to see if there's something that is not in alignment with the story that is being told. And I will tell you, this case feels like a a suspense novel, and we just have more questions than answers. I'm so um anxious to see what the final autopsy results reveal. And sometimes they can be different, which is really interesting. >> Yeah. Why is that? Because there are some cases we've seen where you'll have uh you know, a coroner's office in a part of the country. They come out, they may rule someone's death to be um we've seen cases where they rule it that someone had taken their own life. I mean, gosh, you look at the the Greenberg case out of Philadelphia. I mean, that's something that people have talked about where you have an office saying this is how this person died, but then you have a family that does their own private autopsy or their own investigation and they say the results are actually different and it becomes this um kind of debate back and forth about what happened. How is it that you can have a second autopsy that can find something very different from what the official autopsy finds from a coroner's office? So the reason for that is that the the cause of death is the medical opinion of the person doing the examination as to why they believe that someone died and those things can vary sometimes. Now sometimes you'll have a case like what you talked about with the Greenberg case where you have such a difference in opinion but what information do they have that backs up their cause of death? And that's what's going to be really important here. What information does the medical examiner have from the investigation, from the reports that were written, from the witnesses who were there, from the toxicology, from the last known moments when she was alive? Did she text someone prior to her death? Did she get on social media prior to her death? What was her disposition? How was she acting? Did she seem cognitively um despondent? Like, what things can we put together to make this make sense? And sometimes things don't make sense. So, if you have a case where someone had a possible drug overdose, but they have no known use of drugs in their entire life, this is where conversations with her friends become important. Hey, listen. We just want to find out what happened to her. Did she ever do cocaine? Did you ever see her partake in in any drugs? That's going to be important. And then on the other side, for the second autopsy, you could have someone saying, "This was a trace amount. It wasn't enough to cause this type of a reaction. we don't believe that drugs were the case at all. Maybe they were contributo to what was already going on with her, but they may not be the official cause of death. So, yes, you can have two very different opinions as to how someone died because again, it's just a medical opinion. >> And when it comes to I mean, to this point, again, it's just we only know what the family's autopsy found. We don't know what what Suffach County's found yet. But, um, you often hear about fentanyl with overdoses. I mean, how profound is that in someone's body if they ingest fentanyl? if it was something that might have been and and we don't know in this case, but even in a trace amount of cocaine, if there's fentanyl involved and that triggers an overdose, how profound is that in someone's body when you examine it? >> So, when you have fentinel of any amount, it depresses the respiratory system. And again, you have to look at the tolerance of the drug in someone's body. So, multiple things can impact that. So, if they were drinking, if they had other medications in their system, over-the-counter or or prescribed medications, what other things were present in the presence of this trace amount of cocaine? Because if you are taking a stimulant like drug and then you add cocaine to it, it could cause your heart to have an arhythmia. It's still in the body. So even if you did cocaine two or three days ago, if there's still trace amounts of it in your body and you take another medication, you can cause an adverse reaction and potentially a fatal reaction. Fentinil is about 200 times more powerful than morphine. It's an opioid uh analesic and it is powerful. So it's prescribed in micro dosages. So, if you take a small amount of fentinil, even if it's mixed with cocaine, which we often see in drug overdoses, just the tiniest amount, smaller than the size of a penny, could cause someone to have a fatal reaction because literally the body forgets to breathe. >> Wow. And um just lastly, with this just being such a mystery to this point, is there ever a case when a toxicology comes back, final autopsies done, that it's still inconclusive and we don't know how someone died? >> Absolutely. That's why we have the determination of undetermined because sometimes you can have all of the pieces of the puzzle put together and none of it makes sense or you have a manner of death that could be equally likely um across the four. So you have natural, accidental, suicide, homicide, and undetermined. The reason we have the undetermined category is because usually you can't choose between three. We know this was not a natural death. So now we have to make a determination between homicide, accident, and suicide. And no one has indicated that this is a possible suicide. So now we have homicide and accident. What was going on with this guy that she was with? Who else was there? And what were her final moments that led to her death? very important to get the statements from those people >> and and we'll see what happens. This has been such a mystery and still is now months later. Um Dr. Na Rutherford, it's always fascinating to have these conversations with you. Corner for Richland County, South Carolina. Thanks for taking the time to be with us on Law and Crime as always. >> Thank you so much, Chris. I hope our family gets answers. Thank you. >> That will do it for On the Case presented by Law and Crime. Subscribe to us on YouTube and Spotify. I'm Chris Stewart. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LawAndCrime [8 likes]: Take your personal data back with Incogni! Use code ONTHECASE at the link below and get 60% off an annual plan: https://incogni.com/onthecase
  2. @ItCameFromAVlog [1 likes]: Excellent guest! She made everything so easy to understand.
  3. @samanthaodegard4511: Gotta love how the idjots in the comments blame the woman for going there but not the guy for killing..how about do not kill people? Her actions did not deserve death.
  4. @kitten6062: Couldnt have started her business in 2002, she would have been 10!!! Sounds very strange, on a yacht with older, rich man ???
  5. @rosemarybelluso1187: It wasn’t a yacht.
  6. @gabrielletanner5339: Did they ask her boyfriend if she took cocaine....😊
  7. @gabrielletanner5339: Why didn't the old guy RING 911.😊
  8. @gabrielletanner5339: There is always old guys trying it on,
  9. @gabrielletanner5339: I've had one of those friends UNTIL HE TRIED TO KISS ME, I WASN'T INTERESTED....never saw him again...😊
  10. @deneenogbeide5087: Thirty-three years in age is definitely not a girl.
  11. @lanadelmar4365: Maybe his wife didnt take her life? Two women die in his life…….
  12. @angeladavis2260: Sounds like an overdose. family never wants to admit that their loved ones are not perfect. They need to understand that their choices are not a reflection of who they are.
  13. @angeladavis2260: Most people in the industry sleep their way to the top. This is nothing new, it’s part of the package.
They will be able to prove all this through receipts and text messages
  14. @jacquelinesellinger3713: I was going to say COKE!
  15. @LearningSomething2: I ADORE listening to Dr. Naida Rutherford. She speaks so well and answers all the questions so clearly and thoroughly. I appreciate her take on these cases and always learn something in the process, especially in this interview (great questions, Chris!). Thanks for having her on. 🙂💖
  16. @Kelsbell: What did his first wife die of?
  17. @rumoret: I imagine the pop up bikini kiosk just allowed her to be in close proximity to big daddies. Bikinis are a dime a dozen.
  18. @truthseeker5941: So, women around this man unalive themself or suddenly d*e?  Really...wow...so unlikely.
  19. @truthseeker5941: This beautiful doctor and coroner is quite brilliant.
  20. @annjohnson5610: Hello Drew Peterson.

- Bombshell Twist in Montauk Yacht Club Death Investigation: Kind: captions Language: en The death of this young fashion designer in the Hamptons. Her body found aboard a boat is still a mystery, but we have new photos and details. Martha Nolan Oslata was a rising star in the New York fashion scene. She lived a high-flying lifestyle of luxury, but make no mistake, she worked for it. She was an entrepreneur. >> Female uncont. [Applause] One night last week around midnight, she was found dead aboard this boat docked at a Ritzy Yach Club in Montalk, New York. We have new information on the boat that Martha was found dead on. You can see pictures of it right here, as well as important images of what was found in the boat, potential key evidence in this case. We're learning more as well about who may have been with Martha the night that she died. And that is just one part to this story that is making the plot even thicker. We're on the case presented by Law and Crime. I'm Chris Stewart. [Music] Police in Long Island, New York are still trying to figure out how a woman seemingly healthy in her 30s dropped dead last week. Her name was Martha Nolan. Here's a picture of Martha. She was just 33 years old. Her full name Martha Nolan Oslatter. She moved to the US in the last couple of years from Ireland, where many of her family members still are today and are still hoping to get answers about her death. These are new pictures of the boat that Martha was found dead on. Its name is Ripple. It has a Grateful Dead logo on the back. It's a 50-ft boat. Seems to have a cabin in the front end, but also a good amount of space for people to hang out on the back of the boat. a lot of tables, a lot of chairs, and that open air allowed members of the media to go in and take pictures of what was still aboard the boat. And I will get to those new pictures in just a moment. Initial tests on Martha's body the night of her death came back inconclusive. Her body was found at this boat. It was docked at the Ma Yach Club. Now, we do know, according to police, that her autopsy showed no signs of violence. There was no signs of trauma or defensive wounds showing that there wasn't, it appears to be any kind of struggle. So, now we're waiting for the results of a toxicology test. The last time I spoke to investigators, they said they didn't have a timeline of how long it could take to get those final autopsy results. The tests that are being done now will be able to determine what was in Martha's system the night that she died. The Irish Independent is reporting that Martha's family was told it could take as long as 3 months to get those tests back. Now, here's a picture that the Associated Press shot of what appears to be a white powdery substance that was on a seat at the back of the boat as well as on a table. Now, the boat Ripple is no longer docked at the Monta Yach Club. It has since been sailed away to another location, and we don't know what this substance is, and police have not said whether they believe drugs could be involved in Martha's death. and her family's lawyer pushed back this week on any speculation about her cause of death or drug use. Now, there have been a lot of questions about what happened around midnight on August 5th. We have witness reports that a man who was naked. That's according to the Daily Mail was running from the boat screaming for help and screaming that his girlfriend was dead. And we're learning more information about who that man may reportedly be. I'll get to that in just a moment. And it's not the profile of a person that we were expecting to say the least. Now we know that Martha Nolan seemed to spend a lot of time in Montalk in the summer as many people from New York City do. She lived in Manhattan. Her social media showed that she did live this luxury lifestyle. There are videos of her taking helicopter rides with an unidentified man. And there are also videos of her taking flights on private jets with friends to do both business and pleasure. Martha was not someone who it appears was just tagging along in this luxury lifestyle, but she was someone who had the means to live this life. She was a businesswoman. >> Hi guys, this is Martha from East by East. I am the founder, the creative director. >> Martha listed herself as the founder of a swimwear brand that was called East by East. She modeled the product herself. In this Facebook post, she captioned she was in her East by East era. She hosted popup events in Montalk for East by East. This is a video of one of her popups at a resort in Montalk back on July 1st. This was one of her final posts on social media. And there's a lot of speculation at this point because we don't have these final autopsy results about Martha's death. So, here is what police are saying and here is what we know as far as the witness reports go. Police say it was around midnight on Tuesday last week that Suffach County police got a 911 call from a man who is reporting a woman was unconscious on a boat that was docked at the Montalk Yach Club. >> Female unconscious, not breathing at the Montalk Yach Club. >> 32 Island Road. >> Police say when they arrived at the Montalk Yach Club, they found who they call good Samaritans doing CPR on Martha. Police say she was pronounced dead aboard that boat, Ripple. A preliminary investigation and exam were inconclusive when it came to her cause of death. And even though Martha's autopsy didn't show any signs of violence or trauma, police have yet to rule out foul play, and homicide detectives were called to the yach club where they set up a command post. Again, foul play hasn't been ruled out. A lawyer for Martha's family spoke this week at a news conference and he said any report speculating how she might have died is not accurate at this time. and a lot of this investigation is hinging on that toxicology test when it's complete. He also said that people were still being interviewed by authorities as part of this investigation. Now, here's what we know when it comes to these witness reports that have been circulating in multiple media outlets. And they're really helping paint a picture of what it seemed to be like to be at this yach club when all of this was playing out on the docks of the Montalk Yach Club around midnight last week on Tuesday. Some members of this yacht club say that they heard yelling late Monday night. And the Daily Mail said that witnesses saw this naked man running off of the boat looking for help, screaming, quote, "That's my girlfriend." Now, we see pictures of Nolan with the man in her social media, like this one you see here of her riding in a convertible. Irish media site Extra reports that Nolan was in a serious relationship and she was actually planning to marry her boyfriend who had even traveled with her to Ireland to meet her family recently. Nolan was also reportedly divorced. But this outlet is reporting that the man, the naked man that has been reported through these witness media reports was a man who is in his 60s and was not her boyfriend. We know that Martha's boyfriend, according to these media reports, was away on a work trip the night that she died. But Martha had spoken to him the night that she died. In fact, it was reportedly just before that 911 call was made. She called her boyfriend and told him that she was leaving the yach club and she had called an Uber and she was getting ready to go home. The Daily Mail has reported that the 60-year-old man who was with Martha the night that she died, the key witness in this case, was the owner of the boat Ripple that Martha was on. He also owned the boat that was docked next to Ripple, which appears to be a fishing boat. You see it here with red seats. He's a wealthy person who made it big. It appears in the insurance industry, and he owns homes not just in Long Island, but also near Palm Beach, Florida. He also reportedly invested $200,000 in Martha's swimwear company, East by East, according to the Daily Mail. Now, at the time of this recording, he has not been charged, and frankly, no one has been charged in this case, so we are not going to name him, but he is a key figure in this story. It's unclear why Nolan was aboard the yacht the night of her death. Her friends told Irish media outlet Extra that they're also unsure why she was aboard the boat and why she was with that man who is 60 years old who again is the main witness in this case. Just another twist in this story with so many questions that have yet to be answered. Now, while there are so many questions here in the United States, over in Ireland, Martha's family is preparing to lay her to rest. This is Martha's death notice that was just posted on an Irish website that reads that Martha was a beloved daughter, sister, granddaughter, niece, and partner. It goes on to say, quote, "She will be sadly missed by her loving mother, and her mother's partner Patrick, sister, aunts, uncles, partner, her father Sheamus, and her siblings, her grandfather, Jimmy Slatterie, extended family, relatives, and her large circle of friends in Ireland and the United States. May Martha's gentle soul rest in peace. Joining us now to talk more about where this case could go next is Mary Jambellic, a forensic pathologist. Always great to have you on Law and Crime, especially when we're talking about, you know, these very important tests that happen when we're trying to figure out what happened to someone like we are in this case involving um Martha Nolan. 3 months for a toxicology test. I mean, I just think of this family and and the waiting that they're going through every single day. Why does it take that long to get that type of test to come back? Well, you know, it's gotten more and more difficult with toxicology testing because there are so many more drugs that are out there. And then in addition to that, so many more people have drugs in their system and so that the laboratories are overwhelmed, you know, with samples and trying to, you know, find out. The other thing is it's not a simple matter of just is one drug present or not. They have to quantify it. They have to know what the level is and see what if it's in more than one body fluid. Make sure it's not an artifact. Make sure it's a real result. And so that takes time. And >> I know the autopsy was done. You have the initial tests that were done at the scene. Um often for us who are on the outside, you know, we just get the toxicology results and then we we, you know, report that in our stories. What exactly goes into a toxicology test and how that's done? Well, you know, it's always so tragic when someone young like this is found unresponsive and then CPR is attempted and they're dead at the scene and the family's left wondering what happened. Of course, the autopsy and that examination at the scene are very critical to see if there was violence or or anything disturbed or any wounds or injuries to her body. When we're left with testing the blood and the urine and the bile and the liver for drugs and chemicals, first you have to collect all of that material and then you have to send it to the laboratory. Everything is by chain of evidence and chain of custody and so you have to be careful with it because that's going to be important if anything comes of it. And then the very first screening has to happen where you're just looking at broad classes of drugs. Are there any opioids present? You know, uh are there any alcohols present? And then if those are positive, you have to go into more detailed testing to see which specific drug is present and what level it's present at and to make sure that while you're testing it that you're getting good results from all your instrumentation. So, it's really quite a complicated process. >> Absolutely. And you know, there are pictures that have been put out and I think with these types of stories and and I think of the family and how difficult it must be because you're waiting to learn what happened to their loved one and there really just has been not a lot of answers to this point because you've had inconclusive results on the test that have been done thus far. And then of course the speculation comes in and you have these images that have been put out of a white powder that was on seems to be like a seat on the back of the boat but then also on a table as well. Um and then that certainly you know you will have people that will look at that and we're not speculating that that's what it is but people will look at that and think okay there was no you know violence in her death but then here clearly we have some sort of substance. Um, and I don't want to go down the path of, "Oh, it definitely was that." But at the same time, what could it be? Like, just as someone who's who would do a toxicology test, how does that factor into how we look at what potentially happened to Martha Nolan? >> Well, I mean, certainly from the police investigation perspective, they're going to want to evaluate that to know if there was any illegal substance, you know, on board. Um, from the medical examiner's perspective, they want to know what the police find in regards to that, but they're more concerned about what is in the body of the deceased, you know, what her body is going to show. And, you know, that can be anything from opioids to heroin to cocaine, you know, anything uh like that. So, that's what they'll be looking for in the blood. And I know the family is concerned because they said, you know, to their knowledge that she didn't, you know, use drugs. But even a novice user or or someone who's very new to using a drug can die the first time if it's say contaminated with fentanyl. Fentinel is extremely dangerous. Um there are tests that users can do to check their drug and see if it has any fentanyl in it. Fentanel test strips. They're given out um for free in New York. You can order it to your home. Uh Narcan uh nasal spray can be bought in pharmacies and that would uh counteract any opioids or fentanyl if someone has an overdose from that. But short of that, if you don't know and you take something and it has fentanyl in it, it's a high chance of having a fatal reaction. I remember when police said when they arrived that there were good Samaritans that are doing CPR on Martha. Um, and you know, I've I've reported on drug epidemic issues uh in my career and Narcan and the effectiveness that can have in someone who's having an overdose. Um, without Narcan, if someone's having an overdose, is CPR something that can be effective? Is there anything you can do to save someone in that type of situation? if she was, and I'm not saying she did, but I mean, clearly there's this substance, and if she had taken it in and it led to an overdose, um, what can be done to try and save someone if you don't have Narcan? >> Well, you know, you do CPR, but you have to do effective respirations and that's just really hard mouthtomouth if you don't have, you know, some support from an ambulance where you can ventilate someone. Uh so but you can keep trying that and and and sometimes you can breathe enough for them that they're getting some oxygen you know into their into their system but they really need to be you know on a ventilator then uh you know for for that to be effective. >> Is there anything when it comes to because I mean sadly there are so many overdoses that happen every single day in this country. um and for the initial test at the scene to come back inconclusive and then you have the initial autopsy that showed there was no you know trauma, defensive wounds, violence or anything like that and then now we're waiting potentially 3 months for a toxicology test. Is that typically the what it takes to figure out that someone officially died of an overdose? >> Um sometimes it's more obvious than that because maybe a needle will still be present in their arm. Um so you know without that uh so to speak then it does become more difficult. So if there is a lot of drug paraphernalia at a scene you can see someone was using with like I said a needle you know a tourniquet something along those lines. But if you don't have any of that, then you do have to wait to get the toxicology results back from the body itself. >> For I know homicide detectives are involved in the investigation, which doesn't mean that this was actually a homicide, but foul play hasn't been ruled out. And if it comes back that there was something in her system that led to her death, how does that play into determining whether or not this was an accident or whether this was something more than that? >> Well, again, since we don't know if there's a drug involved, an illegal drug or a poisonous substance, we don't know. We won't know, I guess, until we get the toxicology. But if it is uh an unsuspected nonrecreational, you know, toxin or or or some medication that isn't usually abused, then that would be very suspicious. And so you want to know what the deedent was doing prior to death, who she was hanging out with, who who you know, who she had contact with, all of that. But that's just part and parcel of the investigation to begin with of you know what was the deedent doing beforehand. Um that's part of good detective work and so it's good that they're doing that. >> What does uh and I think this is more a question for for everyone. Um just when it comes to how prevalent fentanyl has become, you know, in this country and and I mean there's so many stories about it that we would never even be able to report on because it it just sadly happens so often. What does it do to the body that makes it have such a a strong reaction like we see in some cases? >> Yeah, it it is much much more potent than you know heroin and morphine. It is dangerous because of its potency. Just a tiny little bit of it can kill you by suppressing your respiratory system. It basically suffocates your cells and you can't utilize the oxygen you know uh for your body and and that affects your brain. As soon as you you know don't have enough oxygen then your brain is affected. So it it lowers your respirations and that is why Narcan reverses that but it's very temporary. So someone can stop breathing from the fentanyl overdose. You give the Narcan, they can start breathing again, but you have to give it very frequently until you can get them to the hospital where they could get respiratory support. >> What would you see in a toxicology test if that was in someone's system? >> You the fentanyl would show up as that. Yeah. Just the the drug itself, there'd still be remnants of it. >> Yes. And you know, there are subtle findings at the autopsy. For example, when someone dies of an overdose, often we see a lot of pulmonary edema. That means the lungs are kind of full of fluid um because they're not working properly. Uh and so that might be something that would suggest it at the autopsy. >> Um there and again, there's there's so many things we don't know in this story. Um but I mean, how common is it that a toxicology test can't determine how someone passed away? Did you say can't >> can't like if if just knowing to this point that it has been inconclusive thus far and and there's a lot of attention on this case um that how likely is it just based on how toxicology tests work that that will come back with a key piece of information that could help piece together the puzzle of what happened? I mean, I think just given the circumstances, it sounds like the toxicology test will be really important in this case and will give the answers, but it's important to note that adults do die suddenly sometimes without an explanation. I know we can think of that with infants. We're aware of that in infants under the year one. In this case, sometimes a young adult dies suddenly and we don't find an answer. But that's very rare, but it remains a possibility. >> And I I know you're talking about just I mean I I just think of the the medical examiner's office and just how many times a day you may be doing, you know, work on someone who had overdosed. This is a high-profile case. um sadly compared to those the names that we'll never know. Um do cases ever get pushed to the front of the line if it's something involving someone who might be more known or she wasn't a celebrity but there there's a lot of public interest in a case. Does that impact when a toxicology test is done? Um I think certain cases might rise up faster through the system only because if the community has a great interest in it then there's a lot of pressure on uh the office to to to get it to get it finished and if only to answer the question so they can move on and do more work. Uh yes that might happen. >> And then just lastly how long does a toxic like you know you get the body you're scheduled to do a toxicology test today. How long does it take to get the results? >> Well, I mean, if everything is negative and it happens to be a light day, you know, perhaps you could get the results in six to 8 weeks, but most of the time it's going to take longer than that because inevitably people have some drugs in their system, even if they're at small levels and not very important, like a little bit of Tylenol, you know, or an aspirin, uh, that still requires the testing and documentation. So, um, more and more people have more and more drugs, even drugs that they're supposed to be taking, um, in their system, and that requires more extensive testing. >> Yeah. Well, it's, you know, very sad case either way. This was a woman who had, you know, such a life ahead of her. Um, but definitely a mystery that we're continuing to follow. Mary Jambellic, forensic pathologist, it's always great to have you on Lawn Crime, helping us understand the science behind so much of the information we eventually get, but understanding how we get to that point. We appreciate your time. >> Sure. Thank you. >> We are going to continue to keep a close eye on this story. We're continuing to stay in touch with law enforcement. We'll bring you information as it comes into us. That will do it for On the Case presented by Law and Crime. Subscribe to us on YouTube and Spotify. I'm Chris Stewart. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @THSpursFan [1 likes]: Not unusual, nor hard to speculate. That certainly is... a situation. A tale as old as time, or at least as old as "sugar daddy." It seems our heroine, a budding bikini entrepreneur, has caught the eye of a certain gentleman of means. A gentleman so taken with her business acumen (and perhaps her inventory) that he's sunk a cool 200k into her company. Now, that's either the world's most luxurious line of swimwear or a very generous "angel" investor. Either way, our heroine certainly lived amongst the rich and famous!! And where does this business meeting take place? Why, on one of his boats, of course, where else would you expect him to review their made-for-wetness inventory! All while her actual fiancé is away on business. The plot thickens when our tycoon is found in a state of... undress. One can only imagine what kind of "transactions were taking place on "their privates", sorry, I mean transactions were taking place "in private"  in these late-night investors' meetings!"  Hmmmm.... Or perhaps this was just a private party gone wrong!! It does make one wonder if a drug test on both parties would shed any light on the situation.
  2. @johnfarina6155 [1 likes]: A young woman from my town studied at FIT and designed fashion accessories.   She was talented but her work never caught on.  To make ends meet she was an exotic dancer and prostitute. Life in the big city can be cruel. Last time I saw her she was about 40yo and looked like she had been through the ringer.
  3. @petervlahopoulos840: Finger print dust ! lol
  4. @denniskwong5815: What really happn to her
  5. @jenniferselman8779: Montauk is drugs. Every fishing boat out there was bought using drug $. That place is known for it.
  6. @katea6067: Wow this dude is so annoying to listen to. I don’t think broadcasting is right for him
  7. @JessicaahLee: Are there any updates on this case?
  8. @perryhallock4992: What's gonna happen now ? The boat capized... and sunk ??
  9. @lucymartyn8205: Come on people read between the lines?? Coke lines that is!!!!!!
  10. @janland17: I’m not trying to be insensitive but I’m totally rewatching Revenge on Hulu after watching this
  11. @selectfewrealty2898: 1st thing any decent detective would / should have done by now is to find out what kind of Agreement Martha had with this "Investor" for his $200k. Did he require an Insurance Policy naming him as the Beneficiary if anything happened to her in order to recoup his investment? Did she happen to have been in negotiations with a larger corporation for a Buy Out that would have netted her millions, maybe? Who would assume the Biz in the event of her demise???
  12. @judysaunderscooperjc: No drugs it’s finger print dusting!
  13. @RAMONN72: Sorry for the girl... but I'm already bored with this case no matter how SENSATIONAL the host sounds.  The music is annoying.  Next.
  14. @GGGGGG-qj2un: Where is Lester Holt?
  15. @mostlyvoid.partiallystars: When you cliche too hard.
  16. @denniskwong5815: I still want to know what happn to this young woman
  17. @garyfellow35: Ocamm's Razor....
  18. @deoranjed8118: She probably had a protein overdose. Probably a dozen men are responsible. Old seed is the worst for these unfortunate tragedies.
  19. @KatieKlein-e9z: Her company seems decent but not enough to fund that life style at all, she had a sugar daddy and something went wrong
  20. @shugardad: She must have snorted a hot dose. Sad.

- Robbery reported at Blue Water Yacht Club in Hampton: Kind: captions Language: en all new this midday hampton police need your help finding the suspect wanted in connection with a commercial robbery this happened on september 29th at around 11 30 in the morning it was on marina road officers learned that the suspect broke into the building and removed property before taking off from the business we do not know if he was traveling by foot or in a car if you know anything that could help police call the crimeline you can also leave an anonymous tip using the p3 tips app

- TV news crew murdered on-air: Kind: captions Language: en the television news industry has understandably been stunned at these murders reporters and photographers know that there are risks associated with the job but of course this was something totally out of the blue and 10 news reporter steve fiorina is live and steve you're well aware that you could be a target no question kim news crews often set up in the dark in sketchy neighborhoods but you can be in the daylight in balboa park and strange things can happen someone with an agenda coming right at you reporter allison parker and photographer adam ward were doing a live interview for a feature story about a celebration at a virginia lake far from a war zone but it became a killing floor when you hear about or you think about a news reporter being gunned down in the line of duty you think to yourself well they must be in some other part of the world to be in that kind of danger they were shot down by a former co-worker with a grudge a man who'd been on air trusted by the television audience we invite news anchors into our homes at night they're a part of our family so i can imagine in that community there's an awful lot of disappointment and really just gun-wrenching really terror if you will that this man who so many people probably enjoyed watching on the news was capable of this patrick who's also a prosecutor said there were warning signs williams bought his gun two days after the charleston church shootings in june when nine people were massacred classic copycat killing that kind of thing sometimes can be a trigger and we know that's true in this case because that's what it says in the manifesto that this man saw in fact that was one of the things he said actually drove him over the edge to make the decision to engage in this morning senseless carnage completely senseless and coming two years after the firing live in balboa park steve fiorina so much tragedy thank you steve and federal journalists are using social media to show their support some are changing their facebook profile pictures to show color bars those color bars are an appropriate symbol of mourning for the tv news industry when a live shot fails or a signal is lost color bars are usually all that is left

  Top Comments:
  1. @Unadulterated-Truth [2 likes]: MORE FEDERALLY LEGALIZED BLACK ON WHITE MURDER!! OBAMA-LAUNCHED , OBAMA-ILLEGALLY FUNDED , OBAMA-ENFORCED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  2. @xxxx-y7x8y [1 likes]: this lady is an amazing amazing speaker!
  3. @Unadulterated-Truth [1 likes]: MORE FEDERALLY LEGALIZED BLACK ON WHITE MURDER!! OBAMA-LAUNCHED , OBAMA-ILLEGALLY FUNDED , OBAMA-ENFORCED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  4. @Unadulterated-Truth [1 likes]: MORE FEDERALLY LEGALIZED BLACK ON WHITE MURDER!! OBAMA-LAUNCHED , OBAMA-ILLEGALLY FUNDED , OBAMA-ENFORCED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  5. @albin2232: Americans will be Americans...
  6. @christianp.6363: I knew it was a black person who did it as soon as I read “news crew murdered on air”
  7. @AKC357: THIS WAS ABSOLUTELY NOT A “copycat killing”
😡👎🏾❗️❗️❗️
THIS WAS AN ABSOLUTE REVENGE killing, FROM A MAN WHO WAS FEDUP WITH SEEING HOW HIS PEOPLE, WHO ARE ALWAYS INNOCENT BEING unalived by yte people, but nothing being done about it❗️❗️❗️
  8. @jasonlee8497: Debunked on other video sites
  9. @idkmybffjv: "you're well aware you could be a target..."

Daaaaaa fuuuuq?
  10. @BigEightiesNewWave: Don't use facebook there is no law that makes it mandatory, IMO it is un-needed garbage. META is not a critical mineral of the tech world.
  11. @BigEightiesNewWave: That is an interesting piece of TV history to recall, but your memory is actually conflating two different events. While Jerry Dunphy was indeed involved in a shooting, it didn't happen live on-set or on-air.

The Jerry Dunphy Shooting (1975)
In October 1975, the legendary Los Angeles news anchor was shot, but it occurred in the KABC-TV parking lot in Hollywood.

The Incident: As Dunphy and his makeup artist, Mary Lou Gallegos, were walking to his car after a broadcast, they were ambushed by two men.

The Injuries: Dunphy was shot in the neck and arm.

The Outcome: He survived the attack and eventually returned to the anchor desk, but the event was not captured on film or broadcast live.
  12. @BigEightiesNewWave: As a Republican who almost never watches ABC clips on YouTube, I find this horrific, and sad.
  13. @AlwYsright: I can’t find her, can anyone tell me what she did and where I can find it on the news?
  14. @marsbeegeefan1482: Saw nothing. Clickbait.  Title said shown on air, yea, right. F..k you.
  15. @travelingman5146: Soooo,what happened,with the Shooter?
  16. @missd7013: Lets talk about what happened before hand. Work place bullying, taking credit for anothers work, and who knows what all went on. At least report what really happened.
  17. @jamesgrieves7449: Another one of the 13%…
  18. @happycamper0010: 0:51 the lady in pink being surprised that people in America were gunned down... does she not watch the news? It happens all the time in America.
  19. @ralphgomez7808: My goodness?! What's wrong with people now a day???!!!
  20. @airbender9593: Very sick stuff should be an eye for any eye! Why system gives mercy to killer?!

- PROS AND CONS OF DATING A SUPER YACHT CAPTAIN: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] right hey guys welcome back to the channel and welcome back to the vlog if you're new to the channel a big warm welcome my name is tristan mortlock this is captain's vlog and this is jeff jade aka the gymnator the instigator chief stu navigator chief stew on board motor yacht awol yes now i may have shot myself in the foot here because today's video is all about the pros and cons of dating me a super yacht captain and um yeah i've asked you to do this she's agreed i don't know if i'm going to regret this so it took two years but finally i can uh give my honest opinion give your opinion give my review right so do you want to do pros do you want to do cons do you want to mix it up let's mix it up a little it's like there's more pros and cons let's not um yeah okay i've got to be nice as well but um i guess i could probably start and that's why i've got to be nice with the general captain ego which exists so i will be very nice and i will take that khan into consideration when moving on to my pro see what i did there yes very good so basically you're saying i have a big ego um i wouldn't describe your personality as that but i guess there are hints of i mean we all have ego right so i guess there are hints of that in any position of power maybe that is what gets you to successful places in life look at donald trump jokes or getting political now okay so yes so no we're not getting political that's just a joke positive thanks no there's a lot of positives it's mostly positive um i wouldn't be with someone who had more cons than pros in our relationship okay i think one positive thing is that i love your ocd like our home all the coffee cups face the same way um we have a good system like we both like things organized and tidy and that really it's great to live particularly when like on board we live in a very small space together we have to keep it tidy um so i like that both of us have that sort of need for organization and ocd yeah speaking of living together we did a video about our cabin and what it's like as a couple living in a small space if you haven't seen that video we'll put a link just here somewhere so you can watch it afterwards sorry germinator continue you can continue saying good things about me well it actually flows to the next con which is the cabin inspections because as we do the cabin inspections together however with our cabin you inspect it and i clean it which so part of our policy on boardwalk commercial vessel we have to do weekly cabin inspections as the captain and one other we go all the cabins and we're checking um a number of things including cleansingness make sure there's no nothing illegal in the cabins making sure that it's being clean and tidy at the end of the day yeah yeah so that's kind of a i mean on many boats the stewardesses clean the captain's cabin so you would have the captain so that's sort of an automatic thing that but i do you got to give me some slack here i do i'm obsessed with cleaning the shower yes like especially that shower drain knee scrubbing like that a good scrub is very satisfying i mean sure yeah sure i'll do the whole cabin you can do the shower tray yeah um anyway it's not too bad luckily i mean a positive to having such a tiny cabin is that there's not a huge amount to clean so not a lot of surface area to be cleaned so so that's um that's good so another really positive thing um not about dating you not in the characteristic of you but as having a captain as a partner is you i do get to attend some really cool events so if we do like any kind of boat shows or particularly i mean you as captain but then also with your your youtube channel um i get to tag along and go to cool events or captains dinners or i mean we did the formula one before monaco which was amazing so i got to tag along with that so those are i mean it's not why i'm in the relationship with you but it is perks it's a it's a pro it's a problem it is very good and we've actually done a video on the monaco grand prix you haven't seen that video where they got a click there no that way click up here it's a really cool video as we're going check that one out as well yeah so i'm gonna be quite smart about this one because i'm gonna go in with a con but i'm gonna finish it on a high note with a pro okay so the con is i mean we kind of laugh about it sometimes but sometimes i don't is the captain card so the captain card gets pulled on the boat no problem at all but when we go home the captain card still gets pulled does it for those of you that understand what you mean by the captain car just give an explanation i'm not doing that i'm the captain i said so cool i'm bored absolutely no debate you're the captain at home but my love that is your coffee cup you need to start cleaning up no i'm joking it's not about cleaning but um anyway it's just decision making you know a captain on board yeah and you still need to make decisions on on land you know and you you've become used to me being the boss so i thought that we could bring that inside into our home situation yeah that's why we spend more time on board than at home yeah um so then taking it back to the pro as you look awesome in captain's uniform particularly the night uniform with the epilets like a man in uniform love a man in uniform i mean ideally the fire fighting suit but but the captain's outfit for the individuals out there that like man in uniform give this video a thumbs up or a lady in uniform give the video a thumbs up if you don't don't give it a thumbs down you don't want that that's bad for the algorithm but considering you've watched this far you probably do like it otherwise you wouldn't have gone this far maybe maybe any more pros and cons or should we can we leave it there um yeah i guess once i leave the industry yes it'll be tough i mean it could be a pro or a con depending how we want to look at it but you're going to be away for really long periods of time yeah so that's not really a con about your character but more about the working relationship once i'm not on board anymore once we're not working i mean and many couples can probably relate to that as if you're not working together which can be quite intense then you're working apart for very long periods so but that could be a pro it depends on well we've become over the last nine and a half years that we've been together we've become so used to being in each other's space all the time 24 7 that it's going to be a shock to the system when the time does come for you to come land base and right start family it's like reverse social distancing x amount of meters from each other really oh right yeah i mean like always yeah yeah cool well those are the we leave it at that otherwise we'll go on forever all those cons you wanna mention anything else any more cons no there's actually not a lot of them okay so pretty good actually that was that video i have to say when a lot better i thought it was going to go so but i'm smart you see master manipulator germinator generator manipulator no no i'm joking she's not she's not manipulator and procrastinator are not you're not a procrastinator that's for sure 100 percent guys really hope you enjoy that video if you are looking to pursue a career within the superior industry but you don't know how to get your first foot through the door we set up a whole new site called crew library it's totally free to sign up there's lots of free information there is also premium membership if you like you don't have to um i've put a link in the description to go and check it out it's called crew library and there's lots and lots of great information to help you get your first step in the door within the super yacht we're also offering you guys the chance to win an all-inclusive week's vacation right here on board motor yachts awol with five of your closest friends and family all you have to do is get a link in description the raffle link and buy your tickets they start from 15 pounds which is roughly 20 us dollars like i said includes all the flights from anywhere in the world food drink birthing fee fuel there is no expense except for buying the ticket yes that's the only experience bonus is able will be in the water they will be in the water and they'll be in here in the mediterranean in the in a warmer month the carpets will be off the car these protect can't be off the day cool will be out yeah we'll have a chef back on board we'll have a fantastic chef yeah and be the works yeah in the meantime after you buy your tickets then and we'll we build up to next season you can follow us on other social media so actually motor your awe has his own instagram account called motor your aol i'll put another link in the description and you can follow the super yacht captain uh also on instagram and facebook just type in at super yacht captain and you'll find it i think that's it any answer ad i have to say i think you're quite gentle on me today so thank you very much [Laughter] yeah wait until we stop filming i'm gonna run no running on more but i'm gonna walk really fast cool guys thank you so much for watching if you enjoy the video please give it a thumbs up it really does help the channel if you haven't already subscribe if you like this content and click the bell so you don't miss any future videos well from jim and i thanks again we look forward to seeing you all next time see you and ciao you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SuperYachtCaptain [4 likes]: To be in with a chance of winning an all inclusive weeks vacation onboard Motor Yacht AWOL follow the link:
https://raffall.com/8501/enter-raffle-to-win-luxury-super-yacht-vacation-hosted-by-tristan-mortlock
  2. @chunkychinn [2 likes]: Tristan you got off real light here, Giv is so gentle with you here love for her Captain / hubby to be shines throughout! That must have been very hard for her to do! I am so pleased you didn’t reverse on Giv, I am sure she is perfection personified.
Good luck for next season let’s hooe things will get better.
  3. @blackmarketteam [1 likes]: Just realised why i recognised you, I’m already a crew library premium member 😂
  4. @seantwomey396 [1 likes]: Congrats on your engagement. Do not put things off too much just because of Covid. Your lady is a valuable catch and you don’t want to lose her.
  5. @rossfisher2431 [1 likes]: TRISTAN TRISTAN TRISTAN - you’ll do anything to get LIKES. Ya it was good!
  6. @ryanvanderheyden3324 [1 likes]: Where's the kiss at the end
  7. @emptybucket1988: You guys are an incredible couple
  8. @emptybucket1988: Man i went from watching Quantum Blue yacht too this why not
  9. @rogercouzens3150: CDO (OCD in alphabetical order) is a vital attribute to have as an officer on board a ship, particularly a Naval ship as yours and other people's lives will depend upon it in an emergency! 😊
  10. @stevenbamford6883: I work and live in Alaska I work six months on six months off  in very remote sites all over the state the first two seasons were rough for me and my wife but after that it got easier and easier she visits twice a season and that makes it nice I love your show that would be my dream job .I am a mechanic for heavy equipment we build roads airports big jobs like that
  11. @timothymichael517: Doesn't this go against company professionalism nearly everywhere??
  12. @ianhamilton396: Did I miss the video where 'he put a ring on it'? She plays with it when she's nervous, like the just-engaged do. Congratulation kids. 
And BTW, a yacht captain does need an ego imho, bigger the ride bigger the ego. However the Captain 's ego should never be bigger than the sea - the sea will win every time. Ask Jordan Belfort's former Captain.  
They didn't touch on how the crew feel about having the Chief Stew & Captain in a relationship. In certain circumstances this shows the strength of her character making on-board crew management tricky. He's a lucky dude.......because for all this to work, it's actually because of her.
  13. @seqtrailrider: Gems a gem, but the effects are lame. Steven Spielberg you ain’t.
  14. @bigdogoutdoors4985: She is way too nice.  You have a huge ego!  That’s why you made captain.  Meek people don’t take command.
  15. @carolo987: There must be some warnings and difficulties with dating and living with someone who is basically your boss.  I think it must take an amazingly good relationship to survive and thrive living and working together 24/7.  How did you two meet? Where ?  How did you both end up working on the same superyacht?  I also follow Jared W who is a crew member and who's girlfriend worked and lived with him on the same  boat. Superyacht Captain -- I'm sure it must be difficult to come up with interesting videos during the COVID pandemic and a shorter yachting season.
  16. @TheOnlyNils: Hey guys, thanks a lot for the enjoyable video. What i'm wondering: is Giv essentially working for Tristan? And what about the ultimate "Women and Children first"? What would Giv do, and Tristan?
  17. @toddoframsgate1393: As I've been in a few uniforms in my time, have a "Like".
  18. @johnvill1981: now i have to ask my partner what she thinks about me hahaha
  19. @63melvyn: Mate your struggling re the Captain bit off board “I suggest you quit while ahead “ you make a smashing couple !
  20. @elcapij: MAGA

- What Malta Yacht Owners Do For a Living  @valeextalks: Kind: captions Language: en you are the owner of this yet yes what do you do for a living it's not a matter of working it's a matter of loving it what was your first job from a rowing boat to this yacht how many boats you have from New Zealand to Mata what brought you come in remember what the Chinese hello guys welcome and welcome back to my channel again we are in Malta near to beautiful yards look at these Beauty guys I'm going to ask from the art owners some business related questions we have a lot to learn from them at the end of the day they are not the art owners solely they are having some business so we have to learn from them let's go [Music] thank you excuse me hello hi we are making a video for the YouTube channel want to ask a couple of questions from you you're okay for that you don't need to encourage more no problem thank you you work here the owner is here no and who is here at the moment only crew captain or someone okay thank you we need to make interview if you don't afraid we can do it let's wait another person to go inside and after that what do you do for a living well I am a sales rep I say cigarettes locally or you are importing exporting I'm employed in a company what should we do in order to own one of these or maybe several of them two three jobs what kind of jobs we can do it because this is quite expensive by looking yes um I have the part-time on the boats as well I work on them as well that's why I keep the boat because I do everything myself what was your first job my first job was a carpenter and then you ended up here yes yes yes approximately how much can cause having this spot from 70 to 80 000. how about the facility or maintenance how you are keeping it out for maintenance I do it myself as I told you but you need a lot of money and it depends it depends on on if it gives you trouble or not as well not only it's not everything always playing saving normally the conditioning in summer or winter monthly how much should we earn to make it you need about eight thousand for this type of boat eight thousand yearly I use it in the summer some people use it in summer and winter too I was known for the summer day so maybe it cost me less that's why if we want to buy one of these what should we do rather than networking art sacrifices you stay you stay without doing some things or or just going out or just buying things or just buying clothes you know it's different because it's your hobby and it comes like first thank you very much I really appreciate it I'm from New Zealand working on a yacht the yacht just over there as a stewardess and a so doing stuff on the deck and also doing stuff on the interior from New Zealand to Mata what brought you to come here um my friend used to work on the yacht and then they needed a new employee and I've been wanting to pursue the yachting industry for a while now you are enjoying what you are doing yes I love it actually am just finished your Glide to France tomorrow to start on yachting industry is amazing we are interviewing yacht owners but it's really good to ask employees also how do you feel working for yacht owners how they behave to employees or you are having your joy working for Yachts I love working on Yachts it's something that's really cool you get to experience lots of amazing things in amazing scenery my yacht owner I'm very lucky he was a wonderful owner I know some owners are more challenging than others but yachting owners they um are generally very nice and they just want you work for them but they just want to live a happy life did you learn any valuable advice or behavior from your yacht owner while working there more I learned a lot from my Skipper so like the captain of the yacht I learned a lot more from the captain than from the owner but the owner was also very lovely from my captain he taught me lots of things about the yachting industry because I'm new to the yachting industry he also taught me lots of little life skills that about different things and how to put yourself out there in in the world and how to hold yourself as a person if you know what I mean people want to start their career in the yacht or Cruise Line what advice would you give to them I would say just be confident in who you are and your skills and just go out there and get amongst it what motivates you the ocean I love the ocean that's a cut thank you very much it was really interesting can you open it for us please how are you doing we are making a video and want to ask both owners a couple of questions are you willing to no maybe we can ask other guys yes follow me my name is David where are you from I'm from Malta and I live in how many boats you have Oh no just the one only one I share with myself what do you do for a living I work for a union what you need it's the general Workers Union how much cost for having one boat in Malta plenty minimum yes I mean just to keep it during the year I would say it takes a minimum of six to seven thousand just to keep it maintained you know per month or per year no no that's in a year in a year but that's not including any you know you might have some problems with the ball during the year so it could go ahead how did you start for working or what was your first job how did you end up for buying a boat I always loved boats since I was young and lately you know my son decided to get a boat and said let's get a boat together so we went for it you know takes a lot of time patience and money if someone wants to buy a boat like this one what should they do from the beginning or how you can Inspire them well they have to make sure that they have the time for it that's the most important thing and they have to be prepared to spend a lot of money during the year how can we be successful like you well I don't consider myself successful I'm a very normal person just I like to enjoy myself when I have the time so you know the sea is nice Malta the sea is always very nice no Emily it's a good it's a good hobby I like it you you approached it as a hobby yeah oh yeah I mean it's not a profession for sure okay yeah thank you very much after having several challenges looking for non-famously media shy people I found the yard owner who had a lot to discuss and Inspire us watch till the end to see how humble is this man hello what's your name I'm John gouchumestra where are you from I'm from Malta you are the owner of this yacht yes how long you are owning this well for quite a few years now but I've always been in boating all my life what was your first job I always liked boating since when I was young so starting with um a rowing boat from a rowing boat to this yacht yes so it's not a matter and doing all that is necessary courses or navigation engine maintenance but everything is as a hobby and it's not it's not my job what inspired you for buying out or how many yards you have at the moment really I've only got this one as a main yacht I have another motor sailor but uh this is the main one I use nowadays just resting relaxing for the daytime relaxing partly in business as well family members of the staff at the office guests business business guests I travel being in the Mediterranean whether it's towards Italy Greece general purpose Which business you are in that's a good one Maritime I started ship registrations under the Malta flag way back in 1977. so yeah that was when I first when I registered the first shot under the Malta flag how can we buy or own this kind of yacht what should we do first of all you need to have a passion if you don't have a passion for your thing don't even think of it secondly you have to make time otherwise it's too costly to own such a any kind of boat if you don't have the time don't don't bother it's a waste it's a waste of money Charter or rent and that the rest is um gets the vessel according to your means financial means and your intentions of the use of the vessel don't get it just to get it to say I've got a wonderful yachtor I've got a wonderful rowing boat or a wonderful speed boat it's what you what what pleasure is this vessel going to give you if someone in their 20s starting from the scratch building up their life in the future they have eager to buy this kind of yacht what advice would you give to them to be successful the art owner like you in the future well I have always believed in have a passion for whatever it is you are doing success follows because of your passion you have to be dedicated interested and obviously to take the bad times with the good and not just give up because things go wrong life is full of challenges stay positive I've had a roller coaster of the last 50 years ups and downs it's part of the game a lovely Adventure in the maritime world and I would advise the same thing do you invest any stock or crypto anything online or you are doing your own business like there's a company we have other Investments but crypto is one thing we haven't touched so maybe because we don't know about it or maybe because we realize I don't know if you are good with this business you are doing your own job that's that's really important yeah we really appreciate for having us it was really good conversation with you I hope people will get great benefit from this video from your speech you're very welcome thank you very much of course we couldn't stop here with This brilliant man so watch a piece of our behind camera discussion remember remember what the Chinese say the Journey of a Thousand Miles starts with the first step so yeah Chinese Squad from all these guys if you're two kids in your life and you build your own business are successful it's part of life that's a wrap guys I hope you really enjoyed with this episode you saw how many rejections how many notes we got but it doesn't matter when you get one yes it pays for everything I see you next time foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @valeextalks [2 likes]: Hey lovely people! a lot more is coming! 😉 Just hit the LIKE & SUBSCRIBE button to support. Also let me know what topic you want to see next!
  2. @alvingee7230 [1 likes]: Love your content man ❤ keep them coming

- Weekend Update: Guy Who Just Bought a Boat on Dating - SNL: Kind: captions Language: en >> FALL IS HERE, THE WEATHER IN NEW YORK HAS BEEN UNSEASONABLY WARM. HERE TO GIVE US LATE SUMMER DATING ADVICE IS A GUY WHO JUST BOUGHT A BOAT. >> HEY. HEY COJO, LL COOL JOST, CJ 1. RELAX, BRO, JUST A NICKNAME A LITTLE RIB, FOR THEIR PLEASURE. VERY TIGHT TO BE BACK. VERY TIGHT. >> ALL RIGHT, MAN, YEAH, WELL, DO YOU HAVE ANY WARM WEATHER DATING ADVICE FOR EVERYONE? >> ROCK A QUALITY FRAYING. I'M TALKING COLOGNE, JOST. YOU GOT YOUR AMR KROMS, T HILL FRIGS, ACTION BOAST SPRAY. ANYTHING THAT WILL TURN HER NOS INTO A YES. I HAVE A SMALL PENIS. LET'S TALK REALISTIC FOR YOUR REAL DATE. IT'S ALL ABOUT LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. YOUR BEST BET, A RUE TABA. >> WHAT? >> >> A RUE TOEBA. IT IS LIKE A REGULAR BAR BUT BETTER, I'M ROTTEN LAY. O 2 IS OUR GO TO, IF YOU REALLY WANT TO DRIVE IT HOME SPRINGED FOR BATTLE SERVES. MY DONG SUCKS. >> WAIT WHAT WAS THE LAST THING YOU SAID. >> I SAID SPRING FOR BOTTLE SERVES AND MY DONG SUCTION. TRY TO KEEP UP. ITTATION A VILLAGE. WHEN IT COMES TO GRADE A NOBODY POPS THE CORK BETTER THAN MY COUSIN, THE GUY WHO JUST JOINED SOHO HOUSE. >> AYE AYE, CAPTAIN BLACKOUT REPORTING FOR BOOTY. JUST KIDDING, COLONEL, TRY NOT TO GET LOST AT SEA, JOST. >> AS A MEMBER OF THE SOHO, HO, THAT'S SOHO HOUSE. YOU HAVE GOT TO BE A MEMBER TO GET IN. NOTHING GETS YOUR MEMBER IN LIKE A SLOOZY CLUE. >> SCLUZY CLUE. >> THAT'S EXCLUSIVE CLUB. I HAVE A SHAMEFUL SHNOZ. WHEN THE WEATHER IS UNSEASONABLE, SHE WON'T BE UNREASONABLE. RISING TEMPERATURES MAKE THE LADIES WANT TO SOAK UP YOUR VITAMIN D, MINE IS HORRIBLE. WITH THE COMMA LADDIE AND LONGI, COMMA AGAIN. BEFORE YOU KNOW IT SHE WILL BE UNDER YOUR DUVET SAYING THOSE MAGIC WORDS "IS IT IN YET? "AND IT USUALLY IS. >> THIS IS DATING ADVICE FOR EVERYONE? >> SI, SEENIOR COMPADRE, LITTLE ESPANOL FOR YOU. >> GREAT. >> WE PICKED IT UP DURING OUR SEMESTER AT BARCELONA. I'M TERRIBLE AT SEX. >> BY THE WAY, LOW AND HE IS PANNIA FOR A STRAIGHT SENIOR YEAR. >> WE WERE INVOLVEDISH IN A VEHICLE MS, IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN. >> I THINK EVERYONE KNOWS IN A. >> THOSE EURO CHICKS GO LOCO FOR A CHORE EASO AMERICANO. I CAN GO THREE PUFFERS TOPS. I NEVER FORGET WHAT THAT ONE CHICK TOLD ME ABOARD MY VESSEL. THE U DONGO IS TRASHO. >> ON YOUR WHERE. >> ON MY BOAT, CALLIN.

  Top Comments:
  1. @paigemarie888 [2 likes]: i can't believe this is the skit that got Ryan Gosling the role of Ken in Barbie
  2. @AlZanzibar [2 likes]: audio stuck on left channel WINRAR 95
  3. @alexasinag [1 likes]: i feel like this would be colin if you just read about colin 😅
  4. @cherryblossomdiva [1 likes]: I miss Alex Moffat.
  5. @lexxussmith7467 [1 likes]: Reporting for booty Lol 😅
  6. @AlZanzibar [1 likes]: @snl or whateves sais I no.1 gets mi....anyway... fix the right audio channel...or remaster it for a compilation plz ....,thajlxs
need military grade morphine...I hear he is a recurring character XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXP
  7. @sulu8014: <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
  8. @AquaJulieMarine: It’s like looking into the future, huh, Colin?
  9. @justinstacy9184: This character is Andrew tates whole audience
  10. @mrhoeft: I’m just now realizing Colin can now be the guy who bought a boat 😂
  11. @aaronholst1561: left ear is loving this
  12. @kevinoswald4136: You know, because of the implication .
  13. @Dave-l5g7z: Hey buddies are we still getting our chuckles in maybe?
  14. @Lovethemusic385: Great character
  15. @uneedtherapy42: This is older but I’m friggin dying 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  16. @seansmith5468: Too easy for these guys to pray on women with dirty money and only 1 way to retain it.
  17. @Porther: I miss this bit so bad.
  18. @PLAYplaceprod.church: I don’t know why guys, but I think he has a small penis…
  19. @ClaireIsabellaa: i miss this character
  20. @sloth8632: Is Ryan wearing those glasses to hide his laughter, he looks like he can’t keep a straight face this entire skit.

- SuperYacht Owners hooking up with Crew-members? Q&A 5!: Kind: captions Language: en has there ever been a problem with crew into relations with own with each other or the owner [Music] if you ever get a chance if you ever in Peru and you want a really good coffee go to place called pooh-coo pooh-coo this is their cup it's just there's a couple of them the one that's easiest to finds in miraflores which is in the middle of the lima and it's it's about two doors up from the marriott so if you go down by the seafront you see the marriott hotel woke up a couple on the right hand side boom best coffee in Peru as far as I'm concerned alright guys welcome back to the channel I thought it was time to do another Q&A I normally do I normally do them every couple of months on in normal circumstances but we are indeed not in normal circumstances right now are we so yeah I thought I'd do another one I've got a lot of questions these were picked up by my lovely lady so yeah let's get cracking so this is Q&A number five Dan Stewart in an Atlanta crossing for example do you cruise 24/7 is there ever a time excluding repairs in the open ocean when you would drift or in some way stop cruising to the destination there's not really any reason why you would stop a mid mid crossing before you leave let's say you do in Gibraltar to the Caribbean you before you leave you'll go into Gibraltar you'll you'll provisions you get all your food you get your fuel and then once you once you ready you set off and then as far as the the watch the bridge watch goes you'll have three qualified watch keepers on the bridge and they'll do for our students each depending on the size of the US you'll have three watch keepers doing a four hour shift each you I have seen it where the yachts been a small yacht and they don't have that many people so they have two people doing six hour watches and the same for the engine room they'll have usually they'll have three people again depending on the size of the yacht I'll have three people working shifts now in as far as the engine room goes sometimes on some yachts on the very big yachts though let's say over 100 meters they'll have dedicated crew 24/7 working in the engine room but on the smaller yachts under 100 metres let's say this is obviously this is not a strict thing I'm just going it's a guideline under 100 metres they might have something called unmanned unmanned watch so basically they'll all be on shift during the day and then in the evening they'll have an unmanned watch so basically it means that they're on call each cabin that the engineers stay and has a an alarm panel on the wall so if any alarms are generated from the engines whilst or underway it buzzes in whoever's on watch they set it to their cabin and then it buzzes and then they jump up and run out and they go and have a look and see what's going on if for any reason that person who's on watch gets the alarm and they don't respond to it after about 30 seconds there's a panel on the wall and they press the button to acknowledge it if after about 30 seconds they don't press that button then it alarms in the other engineer's cabins to let them know there's a problem and it's not being dealt with and there's always somebody unavailable I like I said on the bridge there's always a three watch keepers doing three shifts and they had usually have a deaf hand in there as with them as well so there's two people so they shouldn't really ever be alone on the bridge especially at night I have been on I did do a crossing a couple of years ago where we stopped exactly halfway across because the weather was so good that we stopped and everybody jumped in the water went for a swim halfway across the Atlantic obviously everybody except me and I went and got my drone and I took these photographs so so yeah so unless they they decide to do something like that there's no reason why you would stop of course unless you have a problem with an engine and you have to stop next question yeah I am I don't know amiss maybe say there's an issue among staff or underperforming staff who handles it is it the captain also who chooses stuff okay so who chooses stuff it just depends on the yacht again what will generally happen is let's say you're looking for a deck officer this is probably how it would work on most shots let's say the captain or the chief officer or contact the yacht agency and I'll put her up an advert and then people will will respond to that advert the agency will send the CV is to the boat and then the captain or chief officer or you know they'll look at them together and decide who they want to talk to call them whenever they are the email them probably and say that they're interested in talking to them that they'll call them on the phone have to have a chat same with the deckhands most likely chief officer would handle that in Syria staff chief stewardess would do it which chief steward they would make they would do the same same process and in the in the engineering usually it would be the chief engineer now on some yachts the captains do all of it I don't know why that is I don't know why the captain would want to pick an engineer because clearly the chief engineer would be better off interrogating or interviewing the the engineer so sometimes what will happen is the captain will contact contact you this has happened to me and then they'll learn they'll say you know are you interested and then sometimes they'll put you in touch with the engineer so you might call that person and they can interrogate you better I can ask you technical questions and stuff whereas the captain can underperforming staff generally what would happen is again dependent based on the department let's say there's an engineer and he's not doing his job very well then most likely the chief engineer will have a word but ultimately if someone's gonna get fired then it's the captain who will tell that person now very often what will happen is a long wait for that person to go and leave so they cause up because in the past there have been incidents where people have been fired whilst on board and then they've gone and sabotage something you know not not like dangerous stuff but they've gone and done something so they generally wait till you go home and tell you when you get home so you can't do anything so next question is CV Coco what is the minimum physical limit from any port where you can have guns international waters or another limit what I'm asking is if you can anchor one two or three or four miles out and then dinghy your way to port this is going back to a video I made recently about other firearms on board it's not really a subject that I wanted to continue because I got a lot of Eva lot of messages about that and a lot of quite negative messages directed towards me and towards the video a video is all based on my experience and also I got quotes from other captains who have been at sea for a long time and stuff like that so it's based on experience first most of the responses were based on just people who were mainly from the US who didn't like the fact that you can't have the cannons and stuff so okay so the so basically the way it would work is it'd have to be 12 miles out which is international waters could keep your vessel out there and then you're not infringing on any other countries laws the problem with that is 12 miles in the dinghy is a long way and you think about you right out in the ocean no one wants to get in a dinghy I don't even like getting in the dinghy when it when I can see London it's like a five minute ride I don't even like getting into small boats then so and they and the owner certainly isn't gonna want to do that you will know he's gonna have a bigger limo to get in he's not gonna want to do that so there was a there was a couple of others I saw on that list was one was keep a boat out at the 24 mile and then take your yacht in and leave them out there with the weapons well that would work if you if he was just going in for a couple of hours but what if he's going in for a week so this you've got this boat out there this small you know tender out there full of weapons how do you how does that work how do the crew get any sleep how do they get fed you know it's not it's not practical so you keep you bow out and take the dinghy and that's not practical or he flies the helicopter in well how do you refuel the vessel how do you get provisions you can't do it the only other one I've heard is some some boats have shadow vessels so like a full-size yacht which is trailing the manioc now in that situation you could do that because the shadow vessel could stay out there again it's not very practical it means that transferring all these weapons over to the other bow and the boats staying out there let's say the like Eclipse for instance I often see it in the summer it's it's it's anchored off drawn upon for weeks and weeks and weeks or Almere cab was in Bali oh simmer for like two months so what we're gonna have this other vessel out at sea for two months it's just not practical so tea back your shirt is awesome where did you get it and how much does it cost obviously it's not talking about this one he's talking about the one that was in the video and I'll put a picture in the top so you can see which one is all about I think it's I think it's the golf shirt unfortunately I don't remember where they're going from or how much was so what's his actual question if you are bright hard-working polished and professional how long from time of being a deckhand and training would it take to become a captain on average so okay so you're a deckhand you have to do you have to do certain amount of time at sea you have to train you have to you have to go to college and do your courses you have to spend so much time at sea you after her and when I say I'd say it I'm just mean on a boat the boats in port it doesn't count as sea time you've got to be actually at sea on a watch so assuming you get all right in and you get promoted up to chief upset and you're waiting now to be a captain I would say probably about eight years if you if you were very lucky what often that happens is captain's get promoted when the other captain leaves so because it very often on a yacht the captain it doesn't have an opposite rotation he's on there for four months so when he leaves he just decides to quit and then your chief officer usually has a captain's certificate right he's already qualified as a captain and quite often what happens is the management company or the owner will say to the chief officer you want a shot at the captain job I mean it's like yeah okay great so he gets promoted with from within like that it's called something we call dead man's shoes in the military so basically one guy moves out and then and then it means everybody moves up so that chief officer gets promoted as a captain the second officer gets promoted it's a chief officer a third officer gets promoted second officer so on so forth there's probably gonna be someone comment says I did it in five years it may be possible on a very small yacht I find that unlikely though what what you think of SpaceX internet do you think this will be a godsend and the must have on these ships I've made a video a couple of years ago about the shocking cost of Internet I'll put a link or all the videos I mentioned I'll put links in the description below and I'll put maybe a pod picture up here I've made a video about the cost of Internet and a lot of people have commented on the fact that SpaceX and Starling are building this system I think it has the potential to make a big difference in the industry what I'm gonna do that was because it's quite complicated subjects and I made that other video couple years ago now so what I'm gonna do is in the next in the next month or so I'm gonna make another video on that subject and I will talk about SpaceX and star Lincoln and the differences between the current system and the new system so people keep an eye out for that one make sure you subscribe and click on the little bell so you get notifications when that comes out now this next chap John Thompson he's a subscriber now if you look at the on the picture down below where I've put the question you'll see a little red icon and that it tells me from you can only see it when you have your the channel it tells me that this person's a subscriber so do you ever need to take a time out for yourself when you when you can feel your frustration has built up and you need to reset for a few minutes where do you go and who do you just assign someone to be in charge in that for that time that is a very good question actually because we all live in close quarters you know everybody shares a cabin except for usually except for the captain and maybe the chief officer and the chief engineer they have their own cabins if they're lucky but most of most everyone else you've got at least one other person in your cabin some some of the older vessels they've got three three bunks and they can so you very rare you get any time to yourself so if I need to get away from everyone I tend to go to my office I've even slept in my office in the past do I put anyone else in charge no because nobody else is qualified on board to do my job so I'm always 24/7 I'm the guy who gets called if there's a if there's an issue that's part of the job so I'll generally put my earphones on and listen to some relaxing music or something so yeah that doesn't happen quite often like I said you know you never you never get a minute to yourself even in your own cabinet because you usually you'll go in your cabin and there's somebody else in there and if you're and if you're unfortunate enough to be bunking with someone who works at work just shift you can go in your cabin at lunchtime and its pitch black all up curtains are closed because you're the person is on shifts and on nights maybe in these sleeping so that sucks so yeah this it's it's one of the downsides to to yachting Anthony G what's the coolest water toy you've seen a wealthy owner have like an underwater propelled device or something like that how about a submarine yeah I've seen I've seen submarines some of the I mean the helicopters is pretty cool that's I would cast that as a toy really and you know the sea bob is like a propel thing that takes you ones in the water CEO is a giant jet ski I think it may be not technically known as a jet ski but that's what I call it one of the things I saw was something called the sea legs which is basically like a Zodiac ribbed boat but it had wheels on it everyone jumps in then you go up to the beach and then you it has like this undercarriage like an aircraft and the wheels come down and he just drives straight out of the water that that's pretty crazy I would say that's probably one of the most unusual things I've seen you've got to see that when you're on the beach and this thing comes out it's like a James Bond seen Edward Dobbins could you tell me why I frequently see mega yachts that are on the way and still have their fenders out if you see a yacht with its fenders sell out it's most likely approaching a port and they're about to about to dock and the reason why they do that is because the fenders on superyacht are inflated so there takes takes them a while to get those things inflated so what and then once they do inflate them very often is they block the block the deck so you can't walk up and down so what they what they generally do is once it's inflated they throw it over the side and they hook it on then they get them all in position and then they just get get on with their other jobs because there's you know there's a limited amount of crew so they so they did that as quickly as possible and then they can crack on with the other jobs but usually when they leave a port they're usually pretty quick to to collect them and put them away so I would say that if you see a yacht and it just kinds of cells by and there's no crew around those fenders that it's most likely had and in support even easin box that sounds like dodgy dodgy name doesn't it is drug use common aboard the boats by both staff and owners do they panic when they hit customs payoffs different ports different prices contraband overboard and it's it's you're not allowed to take drugs when you are crew member if you get caught with drugs drug paraphernalia you'll get dismissed it instantly they do random drug tests on board so 100% you're not allowed to have any kind of drugs like that on board I got you might be surprised to know that I've never ever seen any drugs an owner with any drugs I'm not saying that they don't have them but I've never seen any drugs I've never seen any drug paraphernalia and furthermore I've never heard of any of the crew members talking about finding anything like that so I don't think it is I don't think it's a common practice I think these people are building is for a reason I don't think they go around getting stoned and and taking all these different drugs just you know because they can I don't think that's what they do I mean most of the owners I've worked for are constantly glued to the TV watching you know that ticker tape on the Nathan on Bloomberg and stuff like that most of them even when they're in the gym that was I worked for one guy he wanted in the gym that's what he wanted on the TV so most I don't think they'd want to take any of that stuff like I said you know I know don't be comments well we have to sure they take it and maybe they do but I've never seen it in my experience has there ever been a problem with crew into relations with own with each other or the owner okay crew into relations with each other is actually quite common for obvious reasons a lot of the crew are on a boat for maybe eight or eat maybe even ten months in one go and they just have two months off a year so yes of course you're gonna get instances where people are hooking up and I've worked on a boat where there were three couples on board which was not great because it's just causes some issues also it causes issues with from us so if you have let's say you have a chief officer and his girlfriend's on board and she's a stewardess then she can kind of like what I call as rule the world by proxy it's a quote so to quote somebody else so basically means that they kind of have a power because now they're the chief officers girlfriend and if you say something in front of them that gets back to the chief officer or the captain even worse the captain if the captain's girlfriends on board it creates it does creates problems I've gone off the question then I a little bit now the second part of the question is crew with the owner it's not very normal in my experience but I have I have heard of a couple of instances where crew member has been doing something with the owner beyond their position as a crew member and one of the boats I worked on there was a chap who was a bosun and he let's say he he became friendly with the owners wife and yeah so he he was all of a sudden was often in areas where the owner's wife was and and it became a problem because there's an interest in sort of dynamic that goes on on a yacht whereas if anybody has direct contact with the owner it can cause a bit of an issue with because the normal hierarchy is that you know the captain the chief engineer are in charge or in charge of the relevant I mean the captain's in charge of the boat the Chief Engineers and charge the engine-room and and everybody else is subservient to those right so if you have somebody all of a sudden who's got some sort of friendly relationship with the owner then all of a sudden they have some power right because they can possibly say something to the owner now this person is a crew member who's a low-level can now all of a sudden have some sort of power whether it's perceived or real then that the captain all of a sudden has to you know has to think twice about disciplinary action let's say for instance so in this particular instance the bosun was friendly with the owners wife and eventually the owner got track of it I'm surprised the guy didn't get some concrete boots he was let go other thing he was doing as well as was he would say to you know the chief officer was say you need to do this and even though I'm doing something for the for the madam you know so they could you know was that kind of problem so anyway he they got rid of him and but what was what was interesting is in like for six months afterwards all of a sudden they be in New York and they'd see this guy would be like hey what are you doing here and then they'd sail down let's say to Miami and then this guy was in Miami you can put two and two together there and figure out who was flying who to which location right Tony a watching the tutors on Netflix and the crew negotiating the super yacht is reminiscent of life at the court of Hank 8th what a bunch of BS they have to put up with I don't know what Hank 8 is I've never seen that show but one of the shows I have seen which is a it's kind of similar is Downton Abbey and I haven't watched all of it but I watched a few episodes a few years ago and I remember saying to somebody that is just like what we deal with except with iPhones oh the the discussions that they had and that and that and the way they behaved was very reminiscent of how it is on the soup yeah Oh Rovers is like a swan on a lake Grace and serenity above them demented kicking down below so I don't think a lot has changed I think if you could somehow take one of those people from Downton Abbey time put them on a super yacht they'd be like oh yeah this feels completely normal if that Tudor shows anything like Downton Abbey then yes it's very similar and there is a lot of BS a lot of stress having said all of that if you have been on lockdown for the last month or so and I only been going out to go to the supermarket then you now have some experience of what it's like to work on a soup yeah because working on a CPR is kind of like lockdown so you go on this vessel you you get up in the morning you go to the you go and have your breakfast you go to work you work all day you finish work you maybe watch a movie in the evening you go to bed you wake up the next day same thing Groundhog Day so it's very much like that and then occasionally you go into port and if the boss is not on board or you know if there's some reason that you're allowed that you're allowed to go ashore and most of most often the crew will go pop from the pub they'll also go to the supermarket so it is very similar to to work in on the up you you now all have some experience of what it's like to work for the sepia if you have any questions please place them below of this video we'll look at this video the next time I'm gonna do one of these QAS now what we'll say is earlier on I talked about the questions and the question that had the little icon on that showed that you're a subscriber the next video I do I'm only going to take questions from subscribers I'd just thought of this right now so I don't really know the reason why I just thought it would be kind of cool so make sure everybody who asks questions are all subscribers so if you want to ask a question you're not a subscriber just hit that subscribe button and hit the little bell so the next time I put out a video you'll get notified immediately and I'll catch you next time alright guys thanks for watching and see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @audigex [4 likes]: I think the distinction between Tudor times servants vs superyacht crews today is that superyacht crews are pretty well paid, especially above the most junior positions
  2. @crustyzimmerman3324 [4 likes]: I mate of mine was given some advise by a scouser - he was told, “Never poke the payroll”
So he married her…😂😂😂
  3. @firstnamelastname9631 [4 likes]: I'm watching this vid 4 years on, it is June 1st 2024 now.
As the video started the first thing that caught my eye was the large painting behind you and I thought that it looked like somewhere in Peru; few seconds later you were talking about the fabulous PukuPuku coffee.
  4. @justgotohm4775 [2 likes]: Dang, the bosun must have been handy with his fid! Nothing good comes from screwing the help, and I’ve always been the help.
  5. @slupot [2 likes]: Stange coincidence I'm sure. But I worked at a remote Alaskan fuel dock. I worked two 4 hour shifts a day, and the other employee worked the opposite as I. This allowed us each a 4 hour mid day break to go fishing and about 4 hours in the morning or evening to fish as well. Then 8 hours of down time over night. We would swap morning and evening shifts whenever we wanted.
  6. @sgt.grinch3299 [1 likes]: I enjoy your videos. Thank you.
  7. @misaghkhosravi4541 [1 likes]: WHAT IS NEEDED TO HANDLE A 5BILLION  YACHT PERFECTLY WITH THE BEST SECURITY N QUALITY..?
  8. @scotexscarrier8461 [1 likes]: thats weird you say sea time counting is only when the boat is at sea !!! ,sea time counting for certs etc, counts from signing on to signing off , thats the case in the merchant navy anyway
  9. @bernhardadam9193 [1 likes]: Hello    sorry for my bad english  hope  you are able to understand  what i like to say.  by luck i have seen  one of your videos  and by the way i follwed. a bit,  how life is going, i,m not in a situtaion  to rent or buy  one of this boats.  in case  i,m interesstet in,  i bought   few times the magazin exclusive in germany.. they are talking about such even superyachts  and a lot of  things about.  even about  contracts and somethings  else what is  connectet with  taxes  support and a lot of legal stuff around yachting.   i also like to see your videos, because  you give few  more interessting information from your side as an member of a crew  for such boats...   special  how is the life for crew members, what  they are asked to do  and how the possible technical  support for the boats, even the daily work of a deckhand...    if  the life will give me a chance to rent a boat for a certain time, i will do it  and with your videos  my horizont about how it will be on board   how ti be handled  by the crew  or to be with them makes it a bit easier.     in my opionen   it makes sence  as an owner  to respect  the crew,  to give them even a good place to stay in their off time.  also  your advise  to invite them as a team to a nice restaurant and pay for  make sence...   in this case,  looks like  a boat is like working in a office,  or any other place you work as a team...  if the employes    in this  case  the crew on board.  maybe  they are a bit more concentrated   in their service  for the  owner, his family, friends  or charterguest. and what is also important  by their  service for the boat the work with.  shure  they get  paid for,  but i belive  a good mood  within the crew  and with the owner and  guest of a boat  make the daily live  much easier....   thank you again for  the chance to see your videos and get some background about yachting.   spend a good time!!!
  10. @bthedude8735: Why dont you do the "the this is super yacht news with esysman, brrrrrrrrrrrrrr" anymore.  I know it seems random but it always made me happy
  11. @user-cv1gy5jc3n: Amphibious boat 🤷🏼‍♀️
  12. @wntu4: How are you British and can't figure out 'Hank 8'?    HInt. He was rotund and was rather hard on his wives.  :)
  13. @davesfoodfinds2087: Can I say it’s been a long time since I’ve heard a Q&A from you or you just keeping them for for your paid channel?
  14. @MyLife-hl4or: Are the crew ever allowed to use the facilities on a superyacht?  Toys, cabins sunbathing, hot tub etc etc
  15. @Portondown: Saudi yacht - 20 yacht girls recruited in Knightbridge - K20 each -  per week - tax free.  How the other half live!
  16. @marycamilleri447: I know it is personal question,  but do you have a partner or wife, because your passion is boats obviously?
  17. @felixmenendez5210: What happens when clients use drugs on a cruise , are they
Allowed?
  18. @zevpass: Never mind the negative stuff..
  19. @MrTimmmers: Hank 8 = Henry the eighth in American. Odd link though, I'm pretty sure people don't get beheaded on boats.
  20. @teamextras4life270: 🤔

- Weekend Update: Guy Who Just Bought a Boat on Thanksgiving Dating Tips - SNL: Kind: captions Language: en >> GUYS, I DON'T KNOW IF YOU HEARD, BUT THANKSGIVING IS NEXT WEEK. HERE WITH HIS THANKSGIVING DATING TIPS IS A GUY WHO JUST BOUGHT A BOAT. [ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ] >> HEY. ♪ OVER THE RIVER AND THROUGH MY WOOD ♪ THROBBLE, THROBBLE, EVERYBODY. HAPPY THANKS-SNIFFING. >> OH, GOD. >> THANKS SNIFFING? >> INDEED. ACTUALLY I WAS OUT OF THE GAME FOR SKOSH. I WAS FIGHTING OVERSEAS. >> OH, MY GOD. YOU WERE IN THE MILITARY? >> NO. I WAS FIGHTING OVER Cs. SHE WANTED Bs, BUT I SAID, "HEY, I'M PAYING FOR 'EM. GET THE CUPGRADE." >> NOW, LET'S TALK TURKEY. SHALL WE? HERE'S SOME HOLIDAY DATING TIPS FOR THE HOLIDAY SLEAZE-ON. IF YOU WANT YOUR FEST TO BE GASHTAG BLESSED, YOU BETTER BE LIKE MY HIGH SCHOOL -- PREPPED. >> YEAH. JUST BEFORE YOU GO ON CAN I REMIND YOU THAT THANKSGIVING IS A FAMILY HOLIDAY, OKAY? >> SURE, I'LL DO MY BREAST. NOW, IF YOU'RE AT A FRIENDSGIVE AND IN CHARGE OF THE TURK, DON'T BE A JERK. HERE'S HOW TO MAKE IT TWERK. SLIDE SOME LAND O'LAKES UNDER THE SKIN TO MAKE THAT WHITE MEAT WET. AND BUST OUT THE REAL CRANBERRIES AND SHE'S GUARANTEED TO OCEAN SPRAY. I HAVE A SMALL PENIS. >> WHAT? >> NOW, IF YOU WANT TO GET POT-LUCKY, BRING A TIME TESTED SIDE TO THE TABE. THE RIGHT SIDE DISH LEADS TO SLIDE FISH. STICK THE LANDING AND YOU'LL BE LIKE STOVE TOP. STUFFING AN OPEN BIRD. AND TRUST ME, BY THEN SHE'LL BE SAYING THOSE MAGIC WORDS, JUST USE YOUR FINGER, IT'S BIGGER. REMEMBER, MAC AND CHEESE LEADS TO RACK AND SQUEEZE. >> WHAT'S GOING ON? >> AND IF YOU PUT IN THE EFF BEFORE YOU CORNOCOPULATE, EVERYTHING WILL BE ON THE MENU. HER CANDIED GAMS. HER VULVEETA. EVEN HER GREEN BEAN ASSEROLE. MY DONG IS AFTER MY BALLS. >> GOOD GOD, DUDE. >> LOOK. T-GIVES IS A GRANDE DAY. TOO MUCH FOR ONE HONCHO. SO, HERE TO 'SPLAIN THE REST IS MY FRA-BRASH FROM SIGGIE-EPS, GUY WHO KNOWS THE OWNER. >> THERE'S MY GUY. >> TIGHT TO BE HERE, COJO. I WAS JUST IN THE AREOLA. >> WHOA. >> I'M SORRY. THIS GUY IS NOT ON MY LIST. >> PLEASE, I KNOW THE OWNER. >> RULE NUMERO UN. THIS THANKSGIVING, IF YOU WANT TO MOVE OUT OF THE FRIEND ZONE AND INTO HER END ZONE, PAY HER A COMPLIMENT. LIKE, "NICE COOKING." OR "I'D HAVE SEX WITH YOU." REMEMBER, CLASS LEADS TO ASS. THIS DONG IS HUGE AND IT CAN'T GET HARD. AFTER THE MAIN INTERCOURSE, YOU'LL WANT TO LOOSEN YOUR BELT. BECAUSE IT'S TIME FOR A LONG WINTER'S FAP. TAKES THREE HOURS. NOTHING COMES OUT. IT'S A LOAF OF WET BREAD. OR PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT AND SHE'LL SLIP OFF HER LOUBOU-T PUMPS AND PLAY A LITTLE UNDER THE TABLE FOOTSIE THAT WILL HAVE HER SAYING, IS THAT A GIANT OLD SOFT DECAYING BANANA IN YOUR PANTS OR ARE YOU JUST INTERESTED TO SEE ME? >> THAT'S WHAT SHE'LL SAY? THAT'S HARD TO UNPACK. >> SO'S MY WANG. IT'S A SKIN SLINKY, COL. >> YOU GUYS HAVE TO LEAVE. I'M SORRY. >> HEY, HOLD ON. WHAT DOES GRAVY HAVE IN COMMON WITH THIS DUDE? >> WE BOTH COME IN A BOAT! >> THAT'S TWO BEST FRIENDS, EVERYONE. >> SEE YOU AT THE PARADE.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Deauxp._ [6 likes]: What an interesting time for this to pop up on my algorithm  😅
  2. @EmpressFallon1005 [3 likes]: Anyone here to watch this now that all of this RR and BL stuff is going on?
  3. @brenanconroy4052 [2 likes]: Vulveeta made me absolutely cringe. This character will forever be the best.
  4. @sarperagaoglu7672 [2 likes]: scarlet johnson ex husband  and new husband
  5. @theflashpoint787 [2 likes]: Colin wrote this whole thing as thankyou gift to Ryan for leaving Scarlett for him
  6. @theflashpoint787 [2 likes]: I realised Colin wrote the skit "guy who bought the boat" and then actually bought that fukin Fairy😂
  7. @BackwoodsFilms [1 likes]: I think Guy Who Just Bought a Boat might be my favorite Alex Moffat Character my penis disappoints women.
  8. @danmaddox2849 [1 likes]: Lmao I wonder if Colin and Ryan get along.... probably. It seems Ryan and Scarlett had an amicable divorce.
  9. @loganburntitus6948 [1 likes]: Htf does he keep a straight face.
  10. @spencernunez6189 [1 likes]: “That’s a little hard to unpack”
“So is my wang, it’s a skin slinky Colin” 😂
  11. @valerie7850 [1 likes]: Scarlett did well :)
  12. @lillakronis: This is so reminiscent of jake and amir, no?
  13. @caimanofthehole: truth be told, having a huge dihh that doesn't work is much worse than having a small one
  14. @spencercoots: Slide fish.
  15. @catherineweis3109: Alex Moffat makes me think of Robert Culp. 🤣
  16. @danialasifahmed4668: Scarjo ex and Next😂
  17. @MBlah63: I don't think Reynolds could keep up.
  18. @ellengutknecht4994: Ryan Reynolds omg
  19. @sloth8632: Were Colin and Scarlett a couple when this was filmed?
  20. @Zionicle: The face Colin makes at :19 is insanely funny

- The Annapolis Boat Show | Sailing Avocet: Kind: captions Language: en All right, you guys, you know the drill. This is our Annapapolis boat show video. Yes, it came late, but it's better late than never. Am I right? However, this trip was a little bit different because we kicked it off by visiting my family on the East Coast, having some good old-fashioned New England fun. From cranberry bogs in Cape Cod, Connecticut to apple picking in Ashlin, Massachusetts, we packed as much fun into a few short days before Chris and I hopped in a rental car, plugged an apple into the GPS, and geared up for a week of pure shenanigans with our friends. Now, this is where the video goes from wholesome family fun to rum lace piracy with some of your favorite salty sailors. So, if you have little ones, you might want to have them sit the rest of this one out. Sorry, kids. We'll catch you on the next episode. All right, let's get back to it. First stop is to pick up the friends from the airport. We're excited. Ready to see people. Ready to party. >> Get out of the car. >> Ready to get out of the car. It's been a long day of driving. So, we're almost there. Our beloved friends Max and Karen from La Cruz Dwana Coxley had arrived safely in Maryland, as well as our cruising friends from Panama, which included Kyle and Leah from SV Jubel, Mike and Leah from SVX Factor, and Mike and Taylor from SVIA, who we would be sharing a house with for the first few days of the show. So, we made it to our rental house, and clearly they were ready for us because there's a police car next door, and it's also next to a school. So, this will make things interesting. We >> met at this place. >> Once the fridge was filled with six different types of beers, four types of cers, and plenty of seltters to go around, we decided to make our way to dinner at the boatyard restaurant where Karen, Leah, and I left our mark on the wall. [Music] Despite not going to bed until 1:30 in the morning, Chris and I still managed to make our way to the boat show by 9:00. Fortunately, we weren't on cruisers creating content booth duty until much later. So, we toured some catamarans with our buddies who were searching for Lusty 2.0. Then, we broke off to meet with some of my publishers. For those of you that don't know, hi, my name is Marissa Neely and I am a writer more so than a YouTuber. You can find my work in Cruising World magazine, Latitudes and Attitudes, Sale Magazine, and more. The Boat Show is a great opportunity to meet with my publishers face to face. If you're interested in learning more or maybe reading about some of our adventures that don't make it to YouTube, you can support my writing over on our blog site linked below. It's day one. We got our credentials. So, huge thank you to Jeff for getting that for us. The YouTube booth looks amazing this year. There's so many people that we are so excited to meet. So, we're going to be at the booth from 1 to 1:30 today. Um, and the rest of the time is going to be spent having fun. >> Beta looks super busy. So, we're going to go start walking around and see what's here. I think it might be Lusty 2.0. I don't know that. >> Yeah, I can imagine it. like you know this is where we'd come and visit them in the med except >> except the problem is that >> you're sleeping sideways on a catamaran which I feel like is a little too >> I don't know about that go straight in >> with cold drinks in hand Chris and I took our place at the content creators booth where we met fans and followers of our various platforms We're at the YouTuber booth. We don't really belong here because if you're following, if you're watching this, you know we don't post a lot. Um, everyone else here, they post a lot. We write more than we post. It's fine. So, we're just going to sit here and drink our little drinky drinks and say hi to the people that do come up and say hello. We just finished our first day in the creators booth and it went pretty well. We had a lot of people come say hi, ask us where we are in the world now, ask us about projects, the engine, all of that jazz. But one of my favorite moments that happened there, if not in my entire life, was when Chris from Sailing to Hope came by and gave us a creator care package. And it's full of goodies to help us keep talking. She has tea in here. She has soothing cough drops. She has sanitizing wipes. And my favorite thing of all, I don't know if she knows this or not, honey sticks. So, I'm just blown away by her kindness. Oh my god, you guys. >> Oh my god. You'll never guess who's here. It is breaking waves. >> So hot. >> Oh my god. We have to go say hello. >> We have to go say hello. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go say hi. Beautiful inner element. Ready? >> It was a long day of reconnecting with friends old and new, chatting non-stop, and walking. So much walking. Day two of the boat show. >> Here we go. >> Boats and hoes, baby. >> Only sort of hung over. After breakfast, we met up with a precision sales guys who invited us out aboard their friend's floating picnic table called Ramen Around where we share drinks and stories while enjoying the water. Yes, it really was a floating picnic table. How cool is this? Cheers. >> I'm a representative of Lusty >> on land and on water. >> Where do you guys want it? on the top or over David's sticker. >> Add your choice. Put it out top. Sailor's choice right there. >> Go. >> Nice. >> Chris and I had another creator booth time slot at noon. And this time we had the pleasure of being visited by all of the fellow Chili Lee owners that we have been chatting with online over the years. We took a family photo once again missing the presence of SV Sitka. But we knew our dear friends Jay and Kenna were so busy getting Sitka ready to slash in Guinness, Mexico. But no matter how far apart we are, we always feel them with us in spirit. Where's your purse? Okay. >> Wait, are you videoing? I don't know. The International Cruiser Awards were hosted by none other than our pals Colin and Jamie from Parlay Revival. It was great to dress up and celebrate our friends in the cruising world who earned their awards and applause. But the best part of the night was unplanned. Right when we thought the festivities were over, Karen rushed to the stage and grabbed the mic, leaving Max and I absolutely speechless. [Applause] Oh We don't know her. No, >> we don't know her, right? We don't know her. >> I don't know. Do you know her? >> What happened? >> This moment lives on in infamy. So, if you made it this far in the video, be sure to drop a heyo in the comments just for Karen. >> Oh my god. It's like hurting children. >> Freaking YouTubers. Deep beat down down deep down deep down deep down. Our time in our rental house had come to an end as half of our housemates were returning to Panama. With a few days left in Annapolis, we and the Lusty crew relocated to a hotel nearby. Once settled, Chris and I headed back to the boat show to make our final rounds. It's not an Annapolis boat show unless it starts to rain. Luckily, I have Chris as my umbrella boy. We made our way to Bacon Sales, which is the East Coast equivalent of California's Minis Yacht Surplus, a marine consignment shop where you can find it all. They had a full spread of food from tacos to deli sandwiches and an entire open bar, which was a bit dangerous for all of us cruisers. It was an impressive setup and so cool to see the store filled with so many familiar faces. Chris got to hang out with Mads and Ben, the boat building boys, talking all things DIY and sanding while I chatted with some fellow seaers. >> I may not be Danish. Around midnight, we gathered ourselves and slowly made our way home. >> All right, it's day four, last day of the boat show, and we are feeling it. Everybody's feeling it. Everyone's tired, but we're here. We're going to say hi and bye to a few more friends and then we're going to go to the Naval Academy and show Max and Karen around Annapolis. After one last look around, we rendevued with Max and Karen to cross something off their list as first time visitors of No trip to Annapolis is complete without a visit to the iconic United States Naval Academy. >> Max, what do you think about coming here today? >> We're here as an expression of liberty and freedom. And uh Karen, although she doesn't speak much English, is glad to be here today. >> Founded on October 10th, 1845, the academy is the second oldest of the five US servicemies. It prepares future officers for the United States Navy and Marine Corps through a rigorous education and training program. Set on a stunning 338 acre campus known as the yard, this historic landmark is filled with centuries of naval tradition, historic buildings, and timeless monuments. What's going on? >> Brand new anal tonight. >> Well, we are in analopolis. >> Take two. >> Ready and go. >> Anal. >> All right. God damn it. Anal. >> There's kids behind you. Do it. Actually, >> we're going to go bark on. >> One, two, and go. Hey everybody, we're here in Analopoulos and uh we're going to head out, do some bar crawling and see where the night takes us. Might get a little stinky, little pinky, who knows? We'll see what happens. >> That's a new word. >> We arrived at the steps of Davis Pub and I immediately got a flashback to Chris's brother's 30th birthday where we found ourselves in that very same bar. Karen broke out the travel dice as we rolled them across the table, desperately trying to reach 10,000 first. A familiar scene for the four of us. It felt right, especially since I won. >> All right, so we just closed out the last party. >> 2023, it's over. >> The Annapolis Boat Show 2023. We closed out at the boatyard sick, >> which is where we started this crazy adventure. Um, we're taking Max and Karen's car home back to the hotel because we are sober. We're exhausted. >> We're just not feeling good >> and not feeling the hottest. So, we're going to head back. We're going to call them an Uber later whenever they're ready. Then, we're going to say our goodbyes at the hotel and go from there. Then, we begin our journey home to California. Right now, we're just walking through Annapolis and it is freezing. We are so cold and >> Yeah, that's it. That's it. That's all. >> Good night. Max and Karen showed back up at 4:00 a.m. knocking on our door until we opened it for hugs and a debrief on how the rest of the night went. Their flight was supposed to leave in an hour, but when I reminded them, they laughed, shrugged, and decided to miss it. Those were our final moments with our Lac Cruz family, which was fitting. The goodbyes are always so hard, but luckily with them, it will always be a see you later. We were up at 6:00 a.m. and airportbound doing our best to hold back our coughs and manage our running noses. Luckily, it wasn't CO, but whatever we had would only get worse in the coming days. After hours of dosing myself with pain medication and Nyquil, we finally made it back to California. Despite the ick, the trip was absolutely incredible, full of so many memories with friends old and new. We were honored to meet so many blog followers, YouTube watchers, and fans of our travels. We appreciate you all more than you know. Special thanks to Jeff Back, Precision Sales, the Young Cruisers Association, all of my publishers, our sweet friends, supporters of this channel, and of course, Pusser's Rum for keeping us all hydrated. Back on the mountain, we had a new journey to embark on before packing it all up to return home to our boat sweep boat. But all of that is next on Sailing Aviset. Hey,

  Top Comments:
  1. @DowneastThunderCreations [1 likes]: 👍👍👍
  2. @bradbusch9585 [1 likes]: Heyo
  3. @Maxsonsmith [1 likes]: I promise we aren't as degenerate as we look in Avocet's films.  #Analopolis
  4. @Wanderglobe: Nice to see Mads at 3:00 from Saillife. Another channel I follow.
  5. @JillKelleher: I just discovered your channel because I saw where you all will be at the 2025 boat show. While I won’t be there, I am an avid YouTube sailing channel subscriber following all kinds of sailing lives. Thanks for sharing your time at the 2023 show. I really enjoyed watching and drooling over Colin at SV PR. 😊
  6. @IamGroot786: So is this show an annual affair around the same dates?
Also, am I the only one who thinks that Marissa is drop dead gorgeous?!
  7. @UnknownRider242: It is not the quantity that counts.  It is the quality and you guys never disappoint.
  8. @ExtraordinaryHorizons: Nice experience!!thanks much for sharing 😊
  9. @DanielTiffany-o8i: Good Video. 👍👀
  10. @jeffreywettig5302: Can't believe that was so long ago already! The past two years have been epic in my memories! And of course you got to do short guest spots on a certain podcast! Surprised we weren't at Mcgarveys at the same time. Nora grew up next door and we spend an inordinate amount of time there!
  11. @mattdouglas5570: Some channels I will always follow doesn't matter how often you post ,great channel, fun video thanks

- Annapolis Powerboat Show 2022 Tour: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] thank you experience all right five miles

  Top Comments:
  1. @droneusphotography: Please visit our website for more information and to schedule a shoot. www.droneusaerialservices.com
  2. @stirlingmatteo3126: ρɾσɱσʂɱ 🌷

- Inside the Annapolis Sailboat Show 2025.: Kind: captions Language: en Every fall, this boat show should be on every sailor's mustattend list. Welcome to Annapolis, Maryland, home to the largest inwater sailboat show in the US. In this video, we'll take you along with us as we board some highly anticipated new boat models, rub elbows with some sailing legends, and we'll discover some innovative companies doing things you might just see on our future adventures. If you're into sailing, cruising, or just dreaming about your next adventure, you're in good company. If it's your first time here, welcome. Here's a quick intro to who we are and what this channel is all about. Hey there, we're Jillian and Brian. Welcome to our channel. If you are into sailing, then you are in the right place. Our sailing adventures consist of bearboat charters, mile building trips, or jumping on a friend's boat for a fun weekend. We show the highlights of our trips as well as the hiccups. We are chasing our dream of buying our own catamaran and turning our passion into a full-time lifestyle. You can support our channel by subscribing and we'll show you the cool places we go, the interesting ways we get there, and the amazing people we have shared the moments with along the way. This trip we flew into Baltimore, got a rental car, and made the short drive to Annapolis. Once you reach historic downtown, parking is very limited. So, we did exactly what was recommended and we parked at the Navy Marine Corpse Memorial Stadium. There you can jump on a bus straight to the gates of the show. Parking here was $30, but the bus ride is free and it's only about a 5-minute ride. And it also allows you to make a trip through downtown on the way. The bus will drop you right at the front gates to the show. We found a very long line about 15 minutes before the gate opened, but once they did, the lines moved very quickly. All right, good morning everybody. We are here at Annapolis Boat Show. Uh today's the first day, so it's Thursday and we're excited. The line has formed and we're just waiting for the show to open so we can get in and see some boats. When you walk through the gate, make sure to grab a show guide. It's got the full list of all the boats on display, all the vendors you'll want to check out, and a handy map to help you navigate the show. Trust me, you're going to want it. If you are serious about looking at boats, you can also find the list online and make an appointment with the broker before the show starts. Good morning from Annapolis. We are here ready to look at some boats. After a quick photo op with the famous Annapapolis sign, we wasted no time heading straight to the list of boats we wanted to see. One of the best parts of the show is getting to hop on all kinds of boats, so don't be shy about it. We naturally gravitate towards catamarans just because they're our go-to for charters. While we aren't in the market to whip out a checkbook and purchase a boat just yet, touring boats is super important to us because it helps us choose the right charter boat that fits the unique needs of each group we sell with. And honestly, every time we come to a show, we walk away with a new favorite. It's all part of the fun. We toured so many boats, there was no way we could fit them all into one video. So, next week we're dropping a follow-up with some walkthroughs and our honest thoughts on which boats we loved and which ones didn't quite do it for us. If you don't want to miss it, go ahead and hit that subscribe button. And if you watched our last video, you know, one of the boats we were looking forward to getting on was Wonderway, a 53 ft Royal Cape that was previously a crude charter boat in the Virgin Islands. And at the show, we found out that she has recently been purchased and is about to start her new journey on a circumnavigation with our new owners. This boat is about as roomy as you can make a catamaran and is the closest thing you'll get to a floating condo. Our next stop was the Uchimar catamarans. Unlike Wonderway, these boats are sleek, lightweight, and built for performance. If you have followed our channel, you know our love for sailing, started on a sailing school in the Virgin Islands back in 2019. And Jack, the instructor on that trip, was at Annapolis promoting his business, Vagabond Adventures, and they were announcing a new partnership with Utramar Catamarans. We'll let him tell you about it himself. Tell tell us all about the big announcement, man. >> We have partnered with Ultramar. Yeah, dude. Stoked. >> Hey guys. So, we're here with Jack Carer. So, Jack was our first uh sailing instructor with Sailing Virgins. He's been appearance in a couple of our videos, but um they're here in Annapolis with his company, Vagabond Adventures, and they have a big announcement. So, we're here at the Utramare booth and if you want to talk about kind of what you guys do and what you guys offer and where you guys are at. Awesome. Yeah. So, we've just partnered with Ultram catamaran. So, we offer charters, training, and ASA instruction uh on Ultramurs. Uh we run mostly out of the Abico Islands in the Bahamas and then we do some stuff in the Mediterranean as well, but we manage owners boats and yeah, sort of fun charters on fun boats. Blast around. A good way to learn on a really respons responsive sort of fun boat. So yeah, get in touch. >> Yeah, Jack is a legend, a phenomenal instructor. They offer a great They have a great company, uh, reputable sailing instruction. So if you guys are wanting sailing instruction or just a vacation, they offer both. But reach out to Vagabond Adventures and, uh, yeah, take a trip with them. >> Thanks, mate. Awesome. All right. So, we've looked at a few boats. Now, we're headed over to Sophie's Crepes to grab some food. I want your drinks. You got the goods. >> I got the goods. >> Anyway, >> got two. You got what? >> I got >> uh sausage, egg, and cheese and the Nutella with strawberries and bananas. >> You want this? You want that one, don't you? >> Well, I want a bite of both. >> Yum. >> Sophie's Crepes is a local staple and favorite of many that attend the show and is one of several nearby places to grab coffee or a bite to eat. You can also choose to eat inside the show at the many options they provide. How is it? It's >> good. We're hungry. >> Nutella and strawberries and bananas. >> Besides the boats, be prepared to see anything and everything you could ever need for a boat. From rigging and electronics to sunglasses and clothing, ranging from casual all the way up to foul weather gear for the most serious sailors, it's one of the best chances to see all the newest and coolest gear and gadgets up close and talk directly with companies who make it. >> Thank you for stopping by. Appreciate it. >> What else would you like? >> That is a camera. >> That is cool, man. Tell me about your product. Uh, this is a self-riding offshore life raft set up to the 9650-1 ISO standard. Has insulated removable floor, clear offshore equipment pack. Comes with pyrochnics, water for your survivor boats, >> everything in a kit. >> Gotcha. What's the lifespan of it? >> Uh, we recommend uh you service it every 3 years. Long as you serve it every three. I warranty it for 12. >> What's your company name? >> Drix R. here. >> How we >> Hi, welcome to the Rambler. >> And then of course there are the charter brokers. If you're dreaming about your next sailing vacation, this is the place to start planning. And if you have watched our other videos, you know that you can get some special pricing at boat shows. So, be sure to stop by and see what kind of deals they are offering. You'll find all the big names like the Moorings and Horizon Yacht Charters, but there are also plenty of independent brokers who specialize in unique destinations or custom trips. is a great opportunity to sit down face to face, ask the questions about what kind of charters their companies offer, pricing, and find boats that fit the needs of your crew the best. We always leave these chats with plenty of vacation ideas. That's what makes the Annapolis Show so special. It's not just about looking at boats. For us, it's staying curious, connecting with fellow sailors, and always dreaming up the next big adventure. Thanks, sir. >> Make sure to subscribe so you don't miss our upcoming video showing what boats we liked from the show, plus all the sailing adventures we've got ahead. Thanks for watching. We'll see you in the next one. My boots and waiting at the door. My rock sweet.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CarnivalCruiseAddicts [3 likes]: Great video!
  2. @JillianConaghan [2 likes]: We going back in 2026? 😃
  3. @SchmoopsAdventures [1 likes]: You should be there as part of the Cruisers Creating Content booth next year
  4. @RamblingRosesRV [1 likes]: Loved this!!! Great video and gorgeous boats!!! And what beautiful weather!!! 🤗🤩☀️
  5. @crystalvandenabeele8137 [1 likes]: So cool you met Captain Glenn! He seems like a nice guy.
  6. @venturesailing [1 likes]: Thanks for the virtual tour of the show! Looking forward to part 2. And the new background intro is great!
  7. @ExtraordinaryHorizons [1 likes]: Love the walkthrough😍were so full of idea 👌
  8. @SeaOxSailing [1 likes]: Great video, and how did I miss those crepes?!?

- Annapolis SailBoat Show!: Kind: captions Language: en we're in Annapolis at the 2023 Annapolis sailboat show so you all wonder why we are at a sailboat show as power boers right well we were at the powerboat show last weekend but Sailing Community and the YouTube channels that are associated with the Sailing Community are so inspirational they're actually the people these channels they're actually the ones that got us involved and and and sparked our spirit and our passion for travel so we're here socializing with all these all these YouTubers that really got us into into travel so we're going to walk around the show we're going to meet some of them and uh we're going to check out some awesome boats and the sun's also out too so yay yeah all right guys let's [Music] [Applause] go there's so many YouTube channels at the Annapolis boat show that they actually have their own Creator Booth hi we're Matt and Jessica of MJ St yes guys it's great here so many YouTubers in such a good time good to see you again good good y' how are you I'm well how are you I'm good it's crazy here oh my I'm back look at this line yeah this line is standing next to right it's not of Me Maybe the dog no it's it's Colin it's all Colin just standing next to you guys having fun today absolutely absolutely love it man how you not can you feel the love the camaraderie with the YouTube channels is uh it's just great guys The Man Behind this Legend of YouTube camaraderie right here Jeff Fox wow Jeff thank you for everything you do here this weekend it's great to have all these channels come together and all so we we really appreciate that it's my pleasure love you guys love you too thanks bu in addition to socializing with all the YouTubers this show offers plenty of bespoke vendors check out this awesome fudge we spent $36 on fudge this year what a hell of a dingy guys I tell you if you're not even a d if you're lucky enough to have a boat big enough for a dingy right this is the you want now this is this is almost as big as our boat highfields are The Cadillacs of dingies and this look at this holy smokes this isn't this is this is a boat in and of itself this is nicer than our boat yeah yeah that's crazy and I mean of course there's a lot more reasonable now this this one up here that's that's more our speed there we go that's that's the SM that's our that's more our speed you can get really fancy with these things I look at see look at that that's nicer than those boats High field dingies for the win so many great products here at the Annapolis boat show great vendors it's a great place really people from all over the world here what a great event yeah so great to meet you guys awesome we will thank you guys huh I know you guys hello hi how you doing I'm Eric it's my wife Jennifer to me you don't mind us filming you do you all right good you don't mind you don't mind being on camera right so this is a nice rig yeah welcome man get to meet you guys we've been trying to meet you since like what well a couple years ago we passed you were on a boat we were on Bobby White's boat we kind of passed Harbor probably 2019 was it here it was here we were at the show so that was pretty cool we got to meet Billy and Sierra from tulis and Sumer finally we've been waiting since what 2018 a channel check their Channel out really cool couple and there's plenty more here at the show this is a great show and the sun's out guys sun's out sa's out guys one of my other favorite vendors here at the Annapolis sailboat show if you remember episodes ago I lost my sunglasses on the boat in Mexico well this is a viable option for replacement here bowo sunglasses what can you tell us about bowo sunglasses why why should I buy a pair of these well they're made in new samna Beach Florida they have a lifetime warranty on them they're radically clear lenses clearest on the market today when you put them on your eyes are relaxed and protected uh lifetime warranty so if you have any issues you can send them back you can talk to someone or do it online they come with a cactus leather case it's a very environmentally friendly nice case uh company right carbon neutral from the get-go all right and can you get them in prescription yes oh perfect they are they are available in prescription all right and Guys these are some of the best Optics we've had some really nice high-end sunlasses and bajio is is far on top of the line so for all of you guys that watch our Channel you'll see us with our little Yugo bags Yugo hat these girls are the ones responsible for Yugo can you tell us a little bit about Yugo where Yugo is founded by women from Minnesota we set out to build the best dry bag not just another they are they really are they're airtight they come in different sizes you can use your electronics in all our bags they include straps you can wear it or not and then we make them for tablets because our Sailors ask for them and and a year ago they asked for a bigger Yugo bag that you can put all your ditch materials your paperwork so we built this for our Sailors and our boers it holds up to 20 lbs of gear wow that's wow so you throw what you want in there what's unique about Yugo Messenger is that we're the only company that utilizes the best zipper closure that divers use in their dry suits has mats and space suits so when you close it all the way this thing will create an airtight seal and I threw this in the bay 2 days ago with 18.6 lb and it floats like a b and then we opened it up and there was not a drop of water in it w yeah we' saved and we've saved our phones we're we're as you all know we're on in and around the water a lot we're boaters um those Ugo cases have saved definitely saved my phone more than once that's right yeah this is this is an amazing product from amazing people and these ladies are so amazing we love that and it's it's going to be on Kickstarter so you can sign up as a VIP and get a huge discount like a big discount end of this month so stay tuned look for youo Messenger on Kickstarter right guys we'll put a link in the description of this video you need to get this stuff yes love the oai stuff oh yeah so you do give it for yeah as you can see guys they have a ton a ton of products here I mean most of it's sailing related there's a lot of Adventure stuff here too the uh the paddle boards look at this jellyfish net you're in the brackish water on the Chesapeake Bay something like this is awesome huge huge inflatable net keep the jellyfish out yeah guys tons of great products so here we have it folks The Pride of Baltimore we're going to go on board right now yeah guys The Pride of Baltimore is a huge Legend on the Chesapeake Bay so we're uh we're pretty excited to go on board and check it out top M there's a a stay called the triotic stay that runs from the top of the top down to the top of the for and so that's how that imagine climbing that mask oh I'm not so it was in it now in addition to all the normal Boat Show fun we also enjoyed a really cool seminar from Captain boomies featuring Luke McFadden we went over to Eastport and had our Patron meet up with Matt and Jessica from MJ sailing and Calico Skies Bill and Grace we had Sundowners with Britney and Jeremiah from lazy gecko sailing and really cool brunch with the adventure crws Cole and Emily well it's been a Non-Stop busy weekend at the Annapolis Post show we had such a good time we met so many cool channels uh lazy gecko sailing Adventure Cruise Calico Skies Matt and Jessica from MJ sailing many other s um Billy and Sierra from tulis uh finless summer it's been a great time we uh we anybody we met so many cool people but yeah and then and then again the other patrons we meet at the patron meetups it's so much fun this is why we come here just just yeah the socializing great great so we're we're tired it's been a long weekend we're going to head home but uh guys thanks for watching I hope you enjoy tagging along with us at the boat show and uh we will see you in the next episode he

  Top Comments:
  1. @LazyGeckoSailing [1 likes]: Nice job guys! Thanks for joining us aboard Ohana!
  2. @adventurecrews [1 likes]: Great video!! So nice seeing you guys again this year!!
  3. @MyCalculatedRandomness [1 likes]: Keep up the hard work bud. Excellent upload!

- How I ended up at an A-list Miami yacht party at 18… and ESCAPED: Kind: captions Language: en All right, my angels. Y'all wanted a yacht party story time. Here is the yacht party story time to end all story times. I haven't shared this yet because I had to sign an ironclad NDA when I had gone to this party like many of the parties that I had gone to. However, I did check with a lawyer to see what exactly I could share. So, I'm going to share with you everything I can, all the details of it and what happened because it was absolutely insane. I cannot wait for the naysayers to come for me being like, "Oh my god, this didn't happen." But yes, like every single one of my insane stories and the lives that I've lived, everything is 100% true. So when I was 18, I had booked my first Miami fashion week. I was living in New York and I was very excited because I had booked my first fashion show week and I was going to be walking and it was a very, very big deal. And I was also going to go and attend a bunch of parties while I was there. While I was living in New York at the time, there was a model that was a few years older than me. We're going to call her Sarah. Now Sarah was very upand cominging and she had been booking all these insane campaigns and I had met her randomly at a party for her agency. She and I became friends because she was just very cool. She had like a very very interesting chill vibe and we had some of the same mutual friends and she just kind of took me under her wing a little bit. So I had started partying with her and she was also going to be in Miami for fashion week. So she was like look when we go I'm going to take you all the best parties. I'm going to introduce you to all the best people. And I was like okay bet queen. because I was just this young baby model trying to get into the scene. Miami Fashion Week rolls around. We go. All the models are staying in this amazing big house with a bunch of us from my agency specifically and Sarah calls me and she's like, "Hey, look, there is a yacht party that is being thrown by this very big celebrity and I would like you to be there." I'm like, "Okay, bet." And she's like, "Every single person that you've ever heard of, anyone who's anyone who's going to be there, I need you there." I'm like, "Great." And I'm like, "Hey, can I bring a couple models from my agency?" And she's like, "Yeah, just send me their com cards." I'm like, "Wait, you need me to send you com cards from my model friends to go on this yacht party, but you're not a casting director. You're another model. Like, what is this? It's so weird." But I'm like, "Okay." So, I had two other models that were my two friends that were also in Miami Fashion Week that were also with my agencies, and I sent Sarah their pictures and sent her all their information. And she was like, "Okay, you guys are approved." The day of the yacht party comes. It is strictly a white party. The invite literally said that if you wore any sort of color, you were not allowed on this mega yacht. I was like, "Guys, make sure that you have nothing of color, not even your underwear, because I ain't trying to get booted from this big ass mega yacht." I was wearing a off the shoulder sheer white dress that was kind of like drapey in the middle and then tight on the bottom. Y'all know those late 2000s vibes. I know. And my two other girlfriends, one was wearing like a strappy white tank dress and then a tube dress. We're all wearing white heels because Sarah was like, "Do not wear flats." I'm like, "Okay." I was wearing my hair in these long big bombshell waves and my two girlfriends were wearing little updos. A driver comes and picks us up from the house and takes us to the yacht. Y'all, this yacht was the biggest thing I had ever seen in my entire life. I mean it. Like I was actually insensed with how big this yacht was. I didn't even realize that they had yachts this big. Like I had been on friends yachts in Dallas with like my Rich Private Christian School friends, but this was four stories high, gold trimmed, white. It had all these like big blue lights. We get on and I could not believe that there was Victoria's Secret models and A-list celebrities and they're including a bunch of tech billionaires and people that you have heard of. We get on there. I find Sarah. She's like, "Oh my god, you're here. Like, let's go around. I'm going to introduce you to people." Blah blah blah. We're walking around and there are four levels. Like I said, the very below level was where all the bedrooms were. The second level was like where all the main food and everything was. There were like tables where you could like have a formal dining table and there was a buffet. And then there was a pool on the deck and a helipad right in front of it. The third level was kind of like where the main party was where it was like a dance floor and stuff and people were up there doing party favors. And then the very very top level was kind of like a little lookout thingy. We're on the level with all the food. We're walking around. Bunch of models there who are literally like 6 feet tall. Some of them look like they were just flown in from literally heaven. I'm like, "Wow, everyone's stunning there." I didn't know who the celebrity owner of this yacht was. Finally Sarah's like, "Oh, look. there is. And I go, "Oh my god, it's so and so." And she goes, "Yes, he is the owner of this yacht." I'm like, "Holy shit." Now, this celebrity is and was a very big-time celebrity, but he is still very rich and still very famous. He's standing there with three other very A-list celebrities. And I'm like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this was the elite of the elite walking us around. She's like getting us some champagne. We're drinking champagne. We're kind of like talking to people. She's like, "Oh, there's someone that I really want you to meet." I'm like, "Okay, great." She takes me over to this like 60 plus year old balding white man who is like 5t tall and looks like he has probably never seen moisturizer or SPF in his life and he had like the reddest nose and it was all cratery. You know what I'm talking about? And I was like, "Oh." And she was like, "Yeah, this is so and so. We're going to call him Ralph." She's like, "This is Ralph. He is a billionaire from this Eastern European country." And I'm like, "Oh, hi." And she's like, "Yeah, he's been wanting to meet you. I've been telling him about you." I'm like, "Okay." And she's like, "I thought you guys could get to know each other." I'm looking at Sarah like, "Why the hell are you trying to introduce me to this old ass man?" But I'm like, "Okay." Because I'm again trying to like be in her good graces, and I know that she has a plan for everything she's doing. She tells me she's going to introduce me to people that are important, that are going to help me in my career, that are going to be really good. I go, I'm sitting on the couch with him. This man, y'all, has, you know, when someone is talking and they have that white film here and it's just like very spitty and then he was like spitting while he was eating. He was literally eating these shrimp cocktails and chucking the shrimp tails behind him just into the ether nowhere. This man proceeds to tell me his life story about like all his accolades, basically his whole LinkedIn page. He is this billionaire that comes from a long net of billionaires. And he tells me that he just cannot get over how much he thinks that I look like his childhood babysitter. I'm like, "Where was your babysitter friend?" And he's like, "Oh, she was half Thai." I'm like, "Oh, well, I'm a quarter tie." And he's like, "Oh, that makes sense." He's like, "Yeah, you just remind me so much of her. She was half Thai, half white and like you're just so beautiful that you look like her and like your skin is so soft like hers." He was like kind of try to like touch my arm. I was kind of like And he was like, "Look, I really want to show you below deck. I want to show you my collection of cigars." Because I was talking about how I grew up around cigars because my dad owned a restaurant and he would smoke cigars and I really like the smell. And he was like, "Oh, I have a bunch of really nice cigars in the room that I'm staying in down below deck. I'm going to take you down there." I'm like, "I don't know. I'm kind of like cool up here." And he's like, "No, no, no. Like, it'll be fine. I'm looking for my two girlfriends, right, that I brought with me. I can't find them. The yacht is huge." I'm like, "Where are they?" I'm trying to text them, but they're not texting me back. And I'm like wondering where the hell they are. So, I'm like, "I don't know. Like, I'm good." And he's like, "No, no, no. Come on. Like, it'll take a second. Like, let's go." Y'all, I already knew that this was against my better judgment, but I was 18 and young and dumb. So, I was like, "Okay, let me just go down for a quick little peek. I'll get like a nice little cigar and then I'll run back up." We go down, rows and rows of nice ass rooms. On the outside of each of the rooms, they had these like big gold knockers with the numbers on it. Walk over and he's in room 11. I remember specifically the room number because of the way that the ones looked on the outside. They looked like two little snakes kind of like this. He's like, "This is my room." He opens it. I walk in and the room is probably maybe like 500 ft. I mean, it wasn't very big, but it was super nice. All mahogany, very, very lit up, all chandelier glass and gold and just incredibly, incredibly fancy. And his initials were monogrammed on the bed. I was like, did this man that owns the yacht, the celebrity, literally monogram all of his guests that were staying in this yacht on their pillows? Like, what's happening? He's like, yeah, this is the room that I always stay in whenever I'm on so and so's yacht. I'm like, cool. Great for you. So he goes over and he opens this little compartment that's like a press compartment and it opens up to this incredible humidifier with a bunch of really nice cigars. He's like, "Oh," he starts talking about them. He's like, "This is this one from this year." Blah, blah, blah. I know a lot about cigars. So I was like, "Oh, I do know a lot of these brands." So we're like looking at it and he's taking them out. He's kind of smelling them. He's kind of letting me see them. I'm like, "Wow, okay, maybe this man is not as creepy and weird as I thought he might be." He's like, "Hey, I'm going to just prepare one for you so you can try some. Why don't you sit down?" The only place to sit down in this room was on the bed. There were no chairs. There was no desk. Nothing like that. So, I just sit down on the bed and I'm just kind of looking out the little window peepphole outside of the yacht. I'm just kind of looking out there and I just suddenly feel someone start massaging my shoulders and I'm like, "Oh." And he was like, "Oh, you feel really tense." And I'm like, "Oh, [laughter] I don't need a massage. I'm actually like very not into massages because my bones I can't like take a lot of pain." And he was like, "Okay." And he's like, "Maybe you want to give me a massage." And I'm like, "No, I'm not really good at massages. My fingers, you know, they're very bony. They're very sticky. They're not great for massages. I've been told by many ex-boyfriends that I'm not good." And he's like, "Oh, okay." And so he sits down and we start chatting and he's talking about the cigar. And then he just looks at me and he's like, "You know, Leah, my old babysitter, I always thought about her lips and how they looked and they look just like yours, y'all. Red flags going off in my head." I'm like, "Oh god, I'm in trouble." He looks at me and this man with his white spitty ass mouth opens it and tries to kiss me. I don't know what to do. So, I don't move. I'm frozen. He kisses me and I realize that I need to get the hell out of there. So, I move very quickly and he's like, "Don't worry, babe." He's like, "Calm down. Like, you're fine." I'm like, "No, no, no. I'm not fine. I actually need to go back upstairs. I actually need the restroom." And he's like, "Oh, there's a restroom right over here." I'm like, "No, no. I'm good." And so he proceeds to try to convince me that he is really needing a massage and he starts taking off his jacket. I'm like, "Hey, I'm not comfortable with this. I think I need to go." And he's like, "Look, I know that you're an upand cominging model and Sarah had highly recommended you, saying that you were a very cool girl, that you were very nice, and that you are very entertaining." And I'm like, "Thank you." And he's like, "Yeah, I like you. You make me laugh." I'm like, "Thanks. I'm just here for the jokes, not for anything else." And then he is like, "Kiss me." I'm like, "No, I'm not comfortable with that." And he's like, "What are you here for then?" I'm like, "I came down here to get cigars with you." And he's like, "Come on now." So then he's like still trying to kiss me, y'all. Like this old ass man with his spitty ass mouth. I'm like, "No." Right. Ladies, if you're ever in a situation like this, never ever ever feel like you need to stay in the situation. I did not know exactly what to do. So I froze. And he just goes, "Look, if you're not going to let me kiss you, will you at least let me finish on your yes?" And I was like, "What?" And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." He's like touching the area on himself. And I'm like, "Oh my god, I to get out of there." So I stand up. I'm like, "I really got to pee." I run out the door. As I'm running out the door, he's like, "Wait." I shut the door behind me. And the little snakes are rattling right when I shut the door on the 11s. I run down the hallway. I'm running down the hallway. As I'm turning the corner, there's a stairwell. I hear two men talking and one of them goes, "Yeah, well, it's going to be hours till we get to Cuba and then we can just like stay there till the night because so and so, yacht man's friend, one of the other celebrities, has a house there." And the dude's like, "Yeah, that'll be great because we can just all party there for the next couple days." I'm realizing, wait a minute, Cuba, hold on. No, I was told that we were just sailing around casually in the ocean in the Miami Ocean. Suddenly, alarm bells are really going off, y'all. And I'm thinking, Cuba, hold on. I don't know about this. This is feeling very trafficicky and scary. I've also just had this man that just accosted me saying that he wanted to do things with his man bits inappropriately on my body. And I was like, "Oh no, I need to get out of here." I turn the other way. I run back the other back stairs, past the 11 room. Homie opens the door as I'm running by. He's like, "Hey, come back in here." I ignore him. I run back up the stairs and I go and I'm trying to find Sarah. I'm like running around. Everyone on this yacht is completely blasted now, y'all. Everyone is three sheets to the wind on party favors. They're drunk. Models sitting all these tech billionaire's laps. I see a Victoria Secret model sitting in between two Chinese billionaires that are like half the size of her and she's laughing and taking shots with them. And I see her throwing the shot over her shoulder. I'm like, "Damn, she's a pro." I'm running over. I'm looking for Sarah. I'm texting her. I'm like, "Where are you?" I'm texting my friend. I'm like, "Where are you guys?" They text me. They're like, "Hey, we're over upstairs near the dance table." I'm like, "Great." I run up there. I go to the dance table. I'm like, "Y'all, we got to get off this freaking boat because first of all, this Russian man just tried to acost me and do something very inappropriate with me." And then also, I just heard that this is going to freaking Cuba. And they're like, "What?" I'm like, "Yes, we need to get off of here cuz I'm scared now." And they're like, "Oh my god, what are we going to do?" I'm texting Sarah. I don't know where she is, right? I'm freaking out because now I don't know who we can trust on this boat because the only person that I know is Sarah, who's nowhere to be found, and then my two friends that I came with. And there are a ton of celebrities here that I don't trust or know, including models, people that you've seen on TV. And I'm scared. I get on my phone and I'm thinking about like who I can text that might be able to help us out. One of my friends who is a sports air, he is the son of a very prominent figure in a type of sport that uses your hands. And I text him and we're going to call him Jace cuz I knew that Jayce's dad had a house in Miami and he also had a yacht. And I text him. I'm like, "Dude, do you know if your dad is out on his yacht today because here's the situation." Jay texts me back immediately. He's like, "Wait, what? Whose yacht are you on?" I tell him. He's like, "Girl, you got to get off that party now." I'm like, "What?" He's like, "Yeah, that is like a known thing where they take models to Cuba and then you're in another country and who knows what happens at this house." I'm like, "Oh my god, I got to get out of here." He's like, "Hold on. I'm going to call my dad. I'm going to call you right back." I'm like, "Great." He's calling his dad and I'm sitting there with the girls and I look over and I see two dudes who look like they are from some sort of prominent mob family looking at us and kind of smiling and they're like waving. I'm like, "Oh no, we don't want to go over there." I'm like, "We got to go hide somewhere until Jayce texts me back." They're like, "Okay." So, we run over and there's these bathrooms that are over near the pool near the helipad. We go into one of the bathrooms and we're in there and there is people everywhere laughing. We can hear them doing things, doing each other. It is just pandemonium and loud music and laughing and chaos. We're in there and I am literally panicking. We are about to go into some random international waters. We are with a bunch of very powerful and rich people that we don't know and we don't trust. My girlfriends are like freaking out, right? One of my girlfriends is hyperventilating. She's like, "Oh my god, I took something from someone and now I'm having a bad trip." I'm like, "Oh god, girl." I look at her, her eyes are like Nemo. She's losing it. I'm like, "Okay, we need to get her some water." I run out to quickly go get water. As I'm hiding, I'm like trying to find water from one of the waiters. I'm like, "Can I get some water?" And he gives me this bottle, a huge one of Fiji water. As I'm walking back, I feel someone grab my arm. I turn. It's Sarah. She's like, "Hey, what's up?" I'm like, "Girl, I've been texting you." She's like, "What happened to the guy? Like, where where is he?" I'm like, "Girl, he was down there and he was trying to like do stuff with me." And she's like, "What kind of stuff?" I'm like, "He was trying to on my" And she's like, "Oh, did you let him?" I'm like, "No." And she's like, "Well, you're lucky that he didn't try to have with you." And I'm like, "Girl, I don't want to do any of those things." And she's like, "No, that he owns like a bunch of properties and like studios and he's like very very big time." I'm like, "Girl, I don't care." I'm like, "I got to get off this freaking boat because I just heard that we're going to Cuba." And she was like, "Oh yeah, I told you about that." She's like, "So and so, one of the celebrities, has a house there." I'm like, "Ew, no, I can't go to Cuba, girl." And she's looking at me and she's all messed up, too. Her eyes are also saw so she's like, "You need to relax, cat. just come for a little snow ride and like you'll be fine. I'm like, "No, girl." I literally break out of her grasp. I get the water and I run back to the bathroom to my friends. I go in there. I give the water to my friend. Finally, Jay texts me back. He's like, "Hey, my dad is going to send his helicopter with his pilot to pick you up because that boat has a helipad." I'm like, "Are you kidding right now? Your dad is going to like airlift our asses out of here?" He's like, "Absolutely. His house is nearby and he's going to send his pilot with a helicopter." I'm like, "Oh my god, thank God." Also, this is so dramatic. He was like, "Stay together. Stay there near the deck. keep your eye out because it's going to be coming in the next 20 to 45 minutes. I'm like, "Oh my god, this cannot come soon enough." [snorts] We're in there. My friend is tripping out. She is very quickly stumbling into the land of no return. And I am waiting there with the water and just freaking out because also we're about to make a huge scene with this helicopter landing on this freaking yacht, right? We're waiting for what feels like hours, but I think it was like 30 minutes. And I have the door a little bit cracked, but I keep closing it because I don't want someone like coming into the bathroom. And at one point I have it cracked and I hear noise above the music. My friend texts me Jayce. He's like, "Okay, it should be there soon, so just make sure you're ready." I open the door. I see the helicopter in the sky coming down onto the helipad. The water that's in the pool next to it is going everywhere. And people are like, "What the hell is going on?" People are kind of like just watching it and being like, "Oh, it's coming." But they're also not freaking out because I feel like they thought that it was some famous person that was like landing on there and just entering the party. So people actually didn't think it was a bigger deal than I thought they were. Me and my girlfriend grab our sick friend. We grab her over and we are running towards the helicopter. At one point I remember that I very distinctly had a very bad intrusive thought that what if I got sliced by one of these blades while we were trying to make our escape and how horrible that would be and all this effort came for nothing. We have our stuff. We're running over. The crew is like ushering us on. We get strapped in. I'm looking at everyone looking at us. There's just a few people on the area where we are just kind of looking at us. Everyone else is like in the party and enjoying it and not really actually paying attention. There's just some onlookers. I think definitely people thought that someone was being dropped off and not airlifted out. We get in, we get strapped in. My friend is literally like about to throw up. I'm like, "Girl, you better put your hit off the side." We're lifting off and as we're above, I remember viscerally looking down and just looking at the yacht and seeing the people down there and all the little white outfits and thinking like, "Oh my god, I can't believe that we just escaped this because this could have been incredibly terrible. This could have been the end of my life or my career." But yeah, we were airlifted off like Uber comfort. I don't have any regrets regarding it. My friend and his dad, I am really good friends to this day with them and we talk about the story all the time. These yacht parties are very infamous and they are very known. After that, I did not go on any other mega yacht parties after that. I did not hear about what happened to this yacht party after because again everybody signed a very ironclad NDA. But I can tell you this is that it was dark and Sarah after that she stopped talking to me which was fine. She is somebody that I had my first foray and look into the dark side of modeling and the industry. So, I have more stories from Miami Fashion Week on this trip, actually. So, let me know if you guys want to hear those. I love you and I see you. Big hug, big kiss.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shemarlosscott2656 [3 likes]: Cat Limket You're The Greatest Storytelling Ever I Enjoyed The Video and You're Amazing
  2. @Indigoomen: To think that you possibly wouldn’t be here telling us these stories is horrifying. That is insane. But at least you learned early. Thank God, and how amazing that you had that friend and his dad to rescue you like that. That’s some crazy ass shit.
  3. @bridgettjenkins192: Holy crap. Thank goodness for your friend and his dad!

- The Truth About What Happened After The Yacht Diddy Party..: Kind: captions Language: en last night was a movie all right now look I'm going to be honest bro we got a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to go through a lot of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't remember apparently Tay n said Tay got funk booty Tay look bro I'm like I'll be thinking like I'm a bad friend but it's like goddamn like bring some baby powder holy sh bro why is y'all saying lie detector With Yuri what is there to do a lie detector for bro like I'll hand on the Bible that bch you know what let's run back hand on the Bible y' ask me any questions y'all want no no no hell no hell no actually no I gonna say y' can ask me any questions from the yacht out here that's not happening I appreciate the sub I appreciate the sub because I do not want to have to no no no I'm not no kasan calling you on Discord all right bet yo what up bro so uh so listen I actually watched the uh the video bro yesterday and um I have a question yeah yeah yeah did did they all the girls sign ndas uh when they came to the house no yeah yeah most likely oh can you send them to me I want to actually see them you send them to me please um also was it Trixie banned from the house why was she at the house nah she was just on a yacht she didn't come to the crib uh I I I can't remember no I can't remember though I'm trying to think though I'm looking like you feel me but I don't think so though let me ask my chat real quick give me one second she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I a scared the case that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah she's in the crib you're going do yes she's in the crib one of my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was trying to take down her friend you feel me so oh my bad I didn't interrupt your story time go ahead go ahead give me one second I what do you want bro like what do you want bro what want bro we we as a group made decisions together bro and she showed up to the crib bro like yo I'mma keep it a buck bro I didn't I didn't know she couldn't come to the crib I thought she couldn't be on no streams that's one two I did not know she came back to the house I didn't invite her I didn't invite her I just know that a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was trying to go crazy you feel me real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you ly yo I'm so serious I didn't I'm so serious I'm so serious yo when I came back to the crib they were not here then I end the stream and they were here I'm dead ass that's exactly what bro bro am I the type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to lie bro I'm not the type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to lie bro I'm not lying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn I'm not lying bro you lied to me before though you no bro no I don't bro bro I don't be doing that bro Ling's lame as hell I don't be doing that bro personally personally you feel me but yes not ND were definitely most likely signed though it's just that um it's not on my it's not on my devices though I think it um I think it's already with the with the higher ups though so you got to just contact them hit up hit up Vera all right bet no we'll do bro we'll do we'll do we'll do all right man take it easy bro we going we G we gonna talk tomorrow type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah yeah we gonna talk we gonna talk later we gonna talk later have a good day max take it easy bro you too bro n I'm G be honest as I was saying yesterday on the yacht bro I looked at some of the footage I'mma Be Honest bro I yo not that I don't remember bro but I don't remember it being like that at all man that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was crazy that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was crazy and I'm not going to lie it's so crazy cuz it could have been crazier because we could have had more people on it they told us there was a people limit that's why it wasn't like packed out but then once I saw everyone get off the boat before us [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what they don't give a I don't know why they bro people be acting like they care about rules bro the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] speak broken English he don't give a that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't give a damn I know don't pissed all right bro just ask me bro just type in chat I'mma tell y'all like this nothing happened on the yacht bro I don't know what y'all bro nothing happened on the yacht nothing happened on the yacht bro bro it was just a coincidence I guess that we left bro I'm bro I'm dead ass bro I was downstairs I was going to the bathroom bro I didn't take a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm just being honest you feel me and I don't know where she was I think she came back from upstairs yo why are y'all spamming cap bro you said you were napping yeah I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I should have a napped I laid down for a sec it wasn't really a nap though bro I'mma Be honest I did [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I told y'all I was napping cuz I I didn't want to tell the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm taking the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the yacht that's embarrassing as hell come on bro you feel me so I'm laying no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobody C [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was laying down in the bed after I took my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nobody's lying bro yo kusma thank you for the sub [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't lie bro you a funny [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what are you talking bro I don't bro I'm that lying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is past me bro I can't do that no more F swe thank you for that sub nobody got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the y'all guys PG keep it PG you know um bro we just chilling though you feel me we just chilling that is my friend I think some of y'all got to understand some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can be platonic that's my friend bro hand on the Bible [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not putting my hand on the Bible for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz you ain't say please so now I'm not doing it I'm not putting my hand on the Bible I would though I would though because I'm telling the truth but I'm not putting my hand on the Bible cuz you ain't say please [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I'mma tell you this I'mma tell you this though nobody got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the yacht I was cooling bro you feel me we ain't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was just Vibes bro Vibes in a good time in a good ass time bro why don't y I don't know why y'all don't believe me bro either in the saaton or before the 100 days is over we going to throw the next mddy party No Cap we gonna throw the next mddy party is gonna be a house party this time we locked in all year I'm not gonna lie this might be my thing guys I'm not going to do it if it's not bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not going to do it I got y'all boys I know what y'all want I'mma feed the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] streets what's good chat how y'all doing bro what is it speaking of the man yo he has some bangers on his he don't smell guys he don't smell he don't smell so don't even do that I just wanted to be included you know I'm having bro what happened what I didn't nobody know no one no women got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the boat bro just all my you know what's you know what's crazy bro I was looking at stream I was like yo these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are so py nobody talking to no I was ready to to every sing wait who wasn't talking to no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah what you was watching the wrong [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like tell these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro just cuz the camera wasn't on us bro don't mean we wasn't talking to nobody wait what like just because the camera was on doesn't mean talking saw T T don't even drink why he always had a cup in his why was he that thirsty yo these were actually funny as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo they just bang 5,000 likes on your it's not a it's not a bang it's not a bang he got bang go back to the Tweet go back go back to the Tweet go back go back to the Tweet it's not y take it out emo it's not a bang [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let me explain to you how it's not a bang first of all it's not a bang go to my tweet mine has more views and I did that because [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was trolling in the comments I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it I just going to go out and tweet that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got 200 likes like 200,000 300,000 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sell your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] said nah I ain't liking this look at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the background [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she was twerking bro I ain't G to lie that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was mov always with first of all I was stuck bro I was stuck bro I was he was Theo I was hot as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was stuck bro me me always with blacks with your nasty ass what mad yo that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hey whoever Stephen Gman is that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is mad bro yo bro I'm not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo T you just staring at it though [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come on everybody got everybody got everybody got a bro you can get a screenshot like this of anybody no you can't I se it too no you can't you get a screenshot of this like of anybody yo you just in the back lurking though with your stank ass bro everybody at one point was standing her ass bro I mean I was there it's just the way you lurking that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hurt literally you last night on the boat that's not me bro it's just a difference bro like that's just not my type of girls this is barbaric as F yo [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they just took a screenshot and got to another bro I'm G to go through the com we got to definitely do some film review tag booy Max get caught getting freaky With Yuri d n just disappear to the back y Yu Yu Yu yo yo yo yo what you doing what you doing you good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I a't doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm just putting the you do bro see this that weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bro y I was literally putting my bags down and I wanted to uh show her something though bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be mad weird though yo I have a mic on you hear me calling her name BR like relax bro y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be bugging out bro I was not break can you see my yes or no you can't see my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where you see yeah uh nowhere [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no you was covering your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though no I was I was analyzing the brick look right here cover and then wait and then you take your fingers and and yeah I don't see [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro thank you thank you Wayne like bro when my when my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] break you going you going to see the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you going to see the yeah for real yeah bro there's so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I would be brick though there's hell you can't even hate on the brick you're in i' say I probably caught like you got to be brick if you brick o what did you say if you was fix your cam I put it like that because Creet was over there yeah if I was brick so what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if I wasn't brick my ass probably gay I would have been on the you can only imagine I was brick in how could you not be brick bro there's like n now let's bring it back to you bro okay like what do you want me to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wanted me bro I bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] want me to be the main character bro like the I was just no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wanted me to be all up in the cam like I saw the chat it was like where's Taye Tay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we just want you to stop humping no walls bro whenever you whenever you came to where I was at bro who was who was there not two girls down there bro to the you talking about to the back of the boat yes bro I was literally at the back of the boat looking at the view and then miss trigger and that one girl that was always twerking bro matter of fact bro when we was down there bro she was on live bro she like stood over me and like started dancing on me had the camera in my face bro I was like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what was you doing though bro yo T there was a good hour yo chat guys correct me back for hour there was a good hour where we could not find you gang no they said he was in chat yeah no I was like looking at the chat but I was bro when I told you I was back there I was like recording videos of like the Skylight and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you was looking at the chat yeah I was like peeping peeping what though no I was like peeping like I would look at the chat bro I guess like it stay tabed or something on my phone so why did you wake up and tweet last night was a movie what was a movie though [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz I was being bro sarcasm the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh some short film type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no it was sarcasm like I was dead ass like I saw [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making fun of me so I so you was trolling yes literally so this not a serious tweet no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this not a serious tweet no it's not a serious tweet they was running predicts on you talking to women T yeah okay who who did you talk to though on I'm trying to remember like you talk to black cat yeah just black cat and uh trigger and that one girl that was with her you you got behind something too though right he was talking to Black Cat all night going lie huhy bro no n no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she was happy you was a student y black cat got his ADD bro uh she want to send him a package bro that's crazy I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gonna be in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hey you better pray something good bro so let me get this straight you be talking about how in Texas every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a freak throwing ass and then you come here to this yacht party you have all the Arsenal in the world and you ain't get behind nothing yeah yeah bro I ain't going to lie I got blowed what no no like I got like high [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I so you was too high yes bro like so the weed turn you get my eyes were like saggy bro I wasn't like I didn't even get hard I'm not going to lie bro maybe it was like a mix of the both but I've never been cross faded before bro so like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I guess I was like I I was Ed in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ed the rectile dysfunction yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what why was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] start saying anything you know you don't got to be brick to get behind was even I wasn't even horny bro I was stuck dead ass bro I was fighting for my life bro I was fighting for my life I was in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] squinting bro I was in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making sketch faces bro look though bro here's the thing though women they going to respect the gummy here's the thing though gang you you look you don't look like you got Ed right here [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you don't look like you D there stroking it right hand that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was like making that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was moving crazy bro I was just looking I was fascinated bro oh they told you she she just got her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done go to sketch hold on let me see who who wait what that girl her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was her um all right bro let's let's do some let's let's just let's just let's talk about the aftermath man let's just talk how everyone feeling let's go around the room Wayne oh I'm cool every time I see that picture that always went black now I'm not gonna lie I just seen Wayne on black cat the whole night you feel me that's what I was seeing I saw scet moving around I'm not going to lie I saw moving around doing my due diligence bro T yeah hey man I'm just myself you feel me Tay's Tay Tay will be will be Tay and what does that mean though I just you know I don't know what that mean it just mean what it mean is fat thank you bro damn well you know it is what it is DG you feel me you know mhm um now I do got a couple clipss to a dress yeah okay one of those is debunk no I ain't going to lie bro I feel like I got in my own head bro like I don't even think I was like I said I smell bad bro but it wasn't I don't think I smell bad bro you finish the other one the other you finished the other joint yo can y'all send me the clips go through this yeah haven't seen anything from it bro cuz the vibe was down we was trying to watch it the worst tweets of the night a thread yeah I just nutted on Cory face five star [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Max should make a only fans account and when he throws parties like this he can give us videos and what he does after [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you like that IAT [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] n that's minorities minorities do that they post a infield footage on I'm not posting no sex tape for these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you crazy got to be sex tap what you couldn't show like when that girl was like riding you bro come on bro they said move the cam up come on bro what you're saying though that's smart but that means we'd have to have two cameramen n that's just if you disappear you know what I'm saying games do y'all play games when y'all watch Max stream or any stream in general if so what you playing right now we on FIFA with it games [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm playing with myself n you good you good I just gooned and finish on Street yo that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no bro there was literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] beating that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cory got 12 inches what are y'all talking about bro that's that girl on the other account no I didn't oh my God this no I'm saying you smell good as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no I never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right let me hear this no I this man bro no I'm saying you smell good as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no I never said that when did I when did I say that so hard to smell but it smells like wet paper towel she was trying so hard to smell something bro she could not smell something bro she took five whips and still and just said some random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro like come on bro like be real you hear that you a never heard this bro I I was literally recorded bro I just forgot bro say you don't smell bad you smell weird that's what it is a come on bro that's that's worse cuz you can change yourself smelling bad you can't change yourself smelling weird that's what that's just cuz I T don't smell bad today that's what I'm saying bro no cuz literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when I was holding the water I knew it was right dang Trixie is the clip low do you sweat in your sleep every time she come on this bit it's a banger when did I when did I say that it smells like wet paper towel [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the yo she just said you smell like wet paper towels [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay okay bro and why why you have to say that bro what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro I dead ass don't know what to say now what is this Cory got 12 Ines why are y'all saying that that's that girl on the other account huh that's uh Mr trigger what's her name trigger friend that's trigger friend account stop trolling cap what that's a burner that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trolling the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way brother that's you're trolling you're trolling he trolling he trolling smed he trolling he trolling he trolling he trolling he trolling I don't care if she didn't say green light I'm still nothing on tay I don't know why session PL booy Max yeah he live on Twitch please kick me in the ball drag my tongue oh that was him that was him that was him what you just saw what was he said uh I'm I'm a go t who what you just saw that was him that's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] said I know that that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is weird don't show me that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] n that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was wild sui better stop looking at the camera like that goon yo bro do not go into my streams bro I was jerking my yeah I don't want to see this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bro wait why do it say Net Spin I don't know bro the amount of semen I lost yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right bro I'm not gonna lie bro y'all gonna make mddy part two PG [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what are y'all talking about Arrow me and Aiden NSFW my meat falling off by the end of the night Chad get ready [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know she feeling silky 8 inch that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] poking the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of her woo man y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo this is a this is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behind this tweet bro this is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behind this tweet bro you are going oh no the thread is the weirdest tweet so that makes sense this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] name qu keep up Quan yo he got real friends and real life this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got a family a mom and a dad the same time I know T ass me jumping right now why you laughing so hard SC yo like you're literally taking uh Instagram stories for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro whoa okay and then and then what happened what see how this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get yo wait what does that mean though go Trigg trigger pop trigger pop the live and get the twerking on me then her friend come over throw ass on me Taye walk up the stairs and she like can you record this nah she was not TW oh God on my mother's life trying to make it see better I W up there we were standing there for like five minutes bro and then she yo why you be trying to drag why you be trying to drag I'm not trying to D down bro cuz he started laughing first bro like nobody was about to laugh y cuz that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was funny [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but let a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] laugh damn brother that's the fu [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's the joke that got posted he had nothing to do with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] brother [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was throwing ass on me bro I'm not hearing that put on D putting Torx on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dead relative some wild ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm T be bro he be uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo damn so yo me wasn't jumping game I ain't G yeah I lied bro that was hard sometimes I lied bro I was just trying to sound cool I lied I lied on my dick I got hard sometimes it happens though n watch Yo how do I'm not even going to do you bro hey first step is accountability so how about we try not to do it n hold on how about we just chill yo so right right here where you hard right here bro am I supposed to remember [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes or no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this was at the end yes or no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know when this n no probably not here cuz like bro she was talking the whole time always with Nast so you got soft BR you got tired of watching oh my God I gotta go through the com I want to see the clips but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it'll be in the com there's Clips on uh in or YouTube yo bro 6K though on your head bang that's a banger bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in that tweet the comments on Allan our only companion from New Jersey was Max's best decision only companion what does that mean I don't know what that mean what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does that no but making Allen our only companion why wouldn't they say he like like the best cameraman type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like got chemistry and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it's your only compan it's your only friend from New Jersey that you bring on stream oh oh oh oh what get the gay for my food yeah I got you what you what' you order talking tacos I got cuz like look how look how that's a lit ass video bro it's a lit ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video predictable n nothing n I'm knowing you feel like do you feel like smoking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your stamina uh you got to take you got to take the proper [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like herbs and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] MDD part two we not going to have no restrictions bro when I tell yall [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going crazy if they tell us there's a limit on the people it don't matter now I don't want it to be so packed out to the point [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can't move around cuz that's going to be annoying but we got to make that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what I'm saying we got to F that you know when you've been at a party and it's so fact like you don't got a choice to talk to everybody facts facts facts uh y'all I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with silky or X and guard they cool as hell yo we was driving in the car and all them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do is listen to New York [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro I'm in the back of this Beamer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] turning [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz you came home with them right yeah bro why do they say they didn't have space last night was a movie it was cuz they got in that accident so we had to deal with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] really a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ran up his weather [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just for that bro yeah I don't know that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a loser my food here he said do you see this though yeah I see it the math equations was hting huh my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but my my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did get the water though he was holding out you know how long he held that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] water yeah for a minute so basically what I'm seeing is Tay is the store Runner T sh yo people 100 people for 100 days oh that's fire no no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that more than 200 people yeah 200 people no 200 like just the bottom just the bottom of we going to do it at the at the crib but it's just the bottom we got to cut off access to the top because if we allow that then everyone disperses we feel me we got to make the bottom just lit as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] backyard I don't know we going to figure it out backyard bottom of the house okay yeah I don't know about talking about the bottom of the doors feel like 20 people now damn I don't know we'll figure it out I don't know the amount we got to see it depends what house we do all that we also got to find a place that let us throw a party it's not hard everyone clowning on you and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for standing in the corner the whole time but you made the right decision if you were moving around and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the boat would have had a good chance of sinking I appreciate you for taking one for the team I'm not going to lie bro he was putting like in his perspective he's like in his shoes bang that's a banger bro yeah was that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was yo I can't believe you're 16 that's crazy yeah I'm 16 that's crazy wait wait how old you thought I was I thought you were like 20 I'm not gonna lie damn I'm a dang Chad the whole think I'm grown oh D I'm I mean woman you know what they said so quiet what they say they said max put got a room with two bad hoes and a whole bunch of chop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so he could look good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what that don't even know bro the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't make friends off of looks you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo Dao a prodigy bro he might got to get signed bro yo thank y'all for the subs this is a 10 out of 10 bro how many likes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] using shooting boost dang I might got to get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sign view should I get this little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sign the thing is he not he not 20 yet I mean he not 18 hey CMG huh he could be baby CMG that well no after he graduates high school he'll be good I gota wait for him to graduate he gotta graduate we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Can't do nothing with him right hey yo pause bro y know what I'm saying though y'all know what I'm saying now that's why I had to take that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back Tay did you see this someone stood up for you every everyone clowning on you and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for standing in the corner the whole time but you made the right decision by doing that if you were moving around and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the boat would have a good chance of sinking yeah I saw that one oh okay so do you have like any words you want to say to these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I don't know what they want me to do bro I'm gon be honest bro I like most of the time I be like yo y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be spamming the tay haate but G you do claim to be Mr [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mr 11 you know what I'm saying 12 12 yeah he put on the Bible yesterday it was 12 yeah 12o I'm not on the Bible I wasn't here he did it on stream yeah he can do it he now say the full SS don't get that bur all over the Bible again just fist bump it you got to stay fist bup it hold on I didn't got Savor that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah no is it good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Dam I'm trying to swallow it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's beef bro okay right-handed God take too SM you yeah I swear to God I've had sex with 12 females yo thank y'all for the subs bro damn well interesting all right now look I need another one yeah what's up damn yeah yeah on the Bible did you not talk to the girls cuz you was really too high or was you scared of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no I was actually high as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] word answer the question were you scared of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were you nervous to talk to the girls no all right let's keep going through the Cal damn are you even religious yeah yeah you know he is he them 2K days bro Max purposely got a whole bunch of chopped in out of shape [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there go right there that's that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo bro this don't even make no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense you're not even in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room they just know it's my room this nigga's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hater bro this is not true guys was your method bro that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up this is not true that's how that's why he recruited us bro I was thinking that if I was there I mod the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of Brody okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ain out of sh bro can't wait for real football to flood the TL facts damn bro they just meming your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn Tay Max turned a bunch what Max turned a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to gooners that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Max is gooning himself so why are we surprised [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] calling Doney Lane for having morals no bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not calling doy lame for having morals nigga's calling doy lame because she complained for 30 minutes how she hates when women shake ass but she said she gonna come anyway that don't make no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's not morals what are you talking about morals [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what what type of morals are those yeah I feel like all she got to do is not shake ass yeah bro no one said she had to twerk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we want her to pull up so she can have a good time at the mdy party no phones and ND son you feel me hey she want to see you yeah I want to see her we going to have a good time yes all right this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] said I ain't never seen a plug commentary in the vid invied AV on the boat let's try this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got screens now he a weirdo yo I'm not going to lie this plug suon [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird invited avar on the boat let's try to get a last minute ad bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] waited till the day of to inv [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not going to lie are you serious don't do my dog Keon like that this is the day of damn three avas which one is her I got to save it as wife or something yeah this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is different I don't know what he be doing damn [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo every screenshot it's something no the back yo the ho is facing the back turn is the ho is facing their whole body away from your presence gang she was talking to me damn okay so T would you say say that Wayne get more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] than you yo I wish they got the full picture that would be C you know you don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no it don't matter bro type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay I like that's a maturity in the past you feel me I was trying to instigate in the past you would have said no but n you don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's good that's good but can you explain this screenshot silky wow that was dick eating um I'm GNA do the same thing you just said I don't know but we just saw 2024 silky last night so yo can we explain this um can we explain this though all I think was sh type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay the main characters at the five star R party pla booy Max drunk Allen silky scre arguably could be in silky spot D Charles big X Corey tto smooth big stinky Watchers Soul Millions a channel points wait how why are they saying that oh they was doing Channel points on WE damn I don't even think I was on I was on cam I was really I was working the camera really okay look look look was Allan really Wilding on y'all what you mean [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they told me they was calling he was spamming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get drunk and start cursing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out in Spanish he don't speak Spanish he's talking a check he really be doing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo can y'all show me some clips I didn't see anything bro they lit scammed us yes near the an he was tweaking in the Uber he know he sank tweaking in Uber bro I need to see the clips I heard he was tweaking it he was bam calling him like what the I look that tay and damn near passed out from laughing you forgot dream out to drunk epimp and the passed out and sleep the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a girl I'm G be honest bro girl was sleeping wait so what was doing say Sil what you say say replace I'm be honest Y how how was silky what what was silky teammate grade last night I don't know like bro I'm going to be honest I was all over the place and then I Loki having moments where I was off stream bro because there was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on behind the scenes like where people need assistance guys was off stream he was just tuning huh he was just tuning he said the fser in Spanish stop trolling I think in Spanish it would be the same thing as English so yeah n it's different how do you know he de yeah I'm G I'm gonna have to talk to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not it's like it's it's translated but it's different though damn I gotta I gotta fart come on bro I'm eating please don't bro D is right but social media has cook y' perceptions of reality [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh my God bro she live a different lifestyle all I'm saying she could pull up and have a good time gang you act like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gonna Be shooting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up knock on with yeah mean yeah is this but y [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] n we going to have security it is a house party huh is this what yeah yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it but y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] acting like she got a twerk she don't got a twerk she could dead ass pull up and CH bro she's saying I don't want to I can't be near that I can't be near ass shaking I don't want to be in that environment bro literally we're going to be there having a good time it's not just going to be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] paring she said she go to plenty of parties she just chatting bro she's chatting yo Amana thank you for the sub what' you say bro I said she could hit them folks said she could D she could if you was white would you still be saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yes at this point if you made me white today there's no way I could stop saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there's no way it's already part of my vocab it's like if I'm like yo bro you can no longer say the word hello you got to let [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know like you were black before you were white I'm just say that I'm let it G let that rip yo what would y'all do would y'all stop saying it now look I know a lot of white [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and Hispanic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ain here don't answer we're not talking to you facts I'm white I'm saying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] either way all right so last night was a movie damn bro like why they on your ass never got the silky hate these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too deep in silky a walking red flag bro it's the pushing 30 energy bro gotta act younger to fit in with them silky a bum um hey bro I don't know what's wrong with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind you we don't ever be mad at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we be having a good time but tickto I don't know for some reason they hate silky you know it's it was like that for Lacy a couple weeks ago [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I might be next [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have fun huh I if we having fun like this how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we going to have fun when we get old you got to do what we doing but you got to do in Dubai I'm assuming God I feel like Dubai I feel like Dubai some 30 Old we still going do the same animations the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so no we are We Are Who car I'm probably not going to be stre once I'm I'm I could be get Chuck-E-Cheese what Sil was doing bro my very last stream GNA be my 30th birthday and then as soon as I turn 30 sayar [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I might have to start doing stocks in real estate bro said same animations he right though I think people think 25 plus is unstatus what you say SC I said you just let Banks say car you yeah true whoa yeah your ass gay if yall call you let Banks take you shopping what yeah yeah hell yeah I mean Banks took me shopping I wish oh God I let Banks take me shopping he bought me Chrome shorts yeah can we talk about this bro why did you buy that buy what that chain that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is ass I like my man where is this from it's Chrome this from chrome yeah oh was it silver yeah I'm a allhe head bro don't worry about who just played that my r n all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is silver blanking my ass R what did you say yo was life Jennings bro hell no peace bro I grew up in a church bro it's a church one 5K on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah good thing you didn't have to buy it bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's 5K it's not they're chat it's 3K they said the C they said the shoes was ass too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't listen to these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] br not bad it's just you buy that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for the brand bro you don't buy it you got to buy it cuz you like it like if you m that some hyp [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I like it cuz the brand though so that don't make no sense no that's why I'm that's the only reason you should he really has CHR on his body it's like yo if you melt it down it's wor that was ass youro ass not Lacy boy let me get a churro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jiggymanjah [28 likes]: stop fw tae sm bruh i can feel how uncomfortable he is ik y'all just joking but y'all gotta try to uplift him to do better
  2. @SinisterSuspects1 [5 likes]: Tae sucks so much , needa remove the 2smooth from his name😭😭😭
  3. @fatcarti [2 likes]: tae built like a lunch lady🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  4. @prodigalbastards [2 likes]: tae ass a lame 💀
  5. @adrified9352 [1 likes]: Yall some fake friends the way you treat tae. Real friends don’t embarrass their mans infront of huzz.
  6. @quefe [1 likes]: lowk feel bad for tae
  7. @Lupinguapski [1 likes]: Aye if you see this comment fwm new album 🔥🔥🔥🙏🏽
  8. @jackb0yz42 [1 likes]: allan got violated 😭
  9. @notstrangerrr [1 likes]: What shirt is max wearing?
  10. @HeirrOG: 24:25 👁️
  11. @d3s1r3dpk: 21:04
  12. @Jerry-oh8mm: Is there anyone where I can watch the cut parts there connections is terrible
  13. @Skeftomal: Where was gaws and nico?
  14. @Skeftomal: Not a real party without gaws and nico. 🙏
  15. @ides966: I wish gaws was there
  16. @Jetsonspace: 20:51 revived himself 😂
  17. @Jetsonspace: 13:10 tae bruhhh wtffff wym?!!!!
  18. @psychohelmett: where can i watch the yacht stream
  19. @jackb0yz42: nah kaysan trippin, trixie is funny af and makes the content. idk why he tryna ban her because of one mistake
  20. @jordancarter773: 11:20 why skreet flinch:face-purple-crying:

- NORTHROP & JOHNSON - Fort Lauderdale 2012 - Boat Show Vignettes: Kind: captions Language: en I'm on board with Kevin merrian the president of northr and Johnson thank you so much for having me on board and out of all 27 Vats what made you pick this one uh it's a unique yacht uh there's been lots of time and efforts spent in constructing her and she's truly one man's interpretation of what yachting is has a fabulous crew uh it's just an exciting boat and tell me about your presence at the show you have 27 boats here what makes it important for you to stand out at for lale International Boat Show uh this for us is a Super Bowl of boat shows it's in our backyard our main office is here in Fort Lauderdale for the third year in the row we're the largest exhibitor here and we have the best selection of pedigree Yachts of anybody else at the show so if somebody's interested in a highquality yacht we're going to meet them at this show and how many years have you been here 25 wow I started when I was six giving away your age are you but what how has it developed over the years and what makes this year stand out how has your success rate this year been when I first started none of this existed except for the concrete docks down there in front of BMR there was probably 60 Vates in the show and I think this year there's over 700 total at the show wow it's very impressive and 27 are yours 27 are mine the 60 years we've been doing this we've developed a a reputation for being honest and fair the Brokers that we have are very skilled in the different segments of the market we have Brokers that are exceptional at sale exceptional at Power exceptional at sportfish large Yachts small yachts and medium Yachts so we've developed skill sets throughout the industry we do crew placement and Charter management and Retail Charter so we have a great insight into the workings of the market as a whole thank you very much for having me on board and good luck with the race of the show thank you it's been our pleasure [Music] tell me about Mr Terrible the name I don't see see anything terrible about this SP you have to be uh pretty good to call yourself Mr terrible I think I've been with these people for 20 years this is the third vote we've uh done together he you were one of the builders I was the build Captain yes amazing so you must be very proud of it I am extremely proud of her it was a do you have a nickname on board they actually call me terrible Tod terrible T and it's not because of my driving skills as some people are you sure well I don't think so I've had an amazing time aboard sipping champagne in the jacuzzi and enjoying the Sun what more could I ask well you can come back later we can get in the jacuzzi definitely I think we should do that there you go that we never run out of champagne or or Good Times fantastic I'll see you later looking forward to

- Inside the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show |Luxury Yachts, Lifestyle & Waterfront Adventures: Kind: captions Language: en Fighting chair. >> Karen is like a kid in a candy store. Right now we are at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. >> I love like new shiny boat things. It's great. >> Welcome to Passports Places and Plates. >> All right, you guys. We have made it to the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. Are you so excited? >> This is like I'm geeking out a little bit. I'm loving seeing all these boats and like mega yachts. Like crazy fishing boats. All kinds of cool stuff. Like we're having a lot of fun. Check it out. We're literally standing next to a giant >> a mega yacht. It's >> awesome. >> So cool. >> This is insane. >> The Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show is the largest inwater boat show in the world. >> Spanning nearly 90 acres and over seven locations. Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show showcases more than a thousand brands and over,300 boats from sleek center consoles to multi-million dollar super yachts. Companies from all around the world come here to debut the latest in marine innovation, design, and technology. It's more than a boat show. [music] It's the ultimate celebration of life on the water. This is awesome. Are you just in love? Are you a kid at Disneyland right now? I know, right? Everything is very shiny. >> Okay, >> I'm going to lose him in the toy store. >> This is hilarious. Summer and I are trying to shop for a girl's boat because we need it. >> Pink or blue. >> Yes. So down. These things right here, you like grab on and you can like go diving. Isn't that fascinating? I don't know. >> He's shopping. [music] He's the model of the year over there. That's really why we're here. He's the star, you know. >> The back flip. That's hilarious. >> Oh, that was what they gave me. >> Oh my god. >> Wait, this is great. >> I know. I think there you are. Wow. You guys, [music] I am here with Garrett's sister, Summer, and he has left us to go, [laughter] I don't know, talk boats and fishing. Okay, so [gasps] Summer, can you tell us a funny story about Garrett? I mean, I don't even know where to start with this kid. [laughter] He's just been such a wild child animal lover since the day he was born. and being his big sister has been very hard in that sense [laughter] because you never know what's gonna happen. We were at the Georgia Aquarium one time and of course like my mom's trying to wrangle me and him and we're like walking around. We're like, "Where's Garrett? Where's Garrett?" And he's over at the little petting area where he can pet the stingrays. Next thing we know, he's like petting the stingrays. Everything's fine. And then 2 seconds later, he's in the actual pool with the stingrays. Face first, head down, feet up in the water trying to put a stingray. So, here's my mom jumping like over to pull this kid soaking wet out of this stingray. You should have known that he was going to just jump in. >> I know. I know. [laughter] I don't even know why I'm surprised that he's like cutting sharks and playing with fish. >> Summer and I found our way onto a boat here at the boat show. Welcome to our new home. This is >> You guys, this boat beauty. >> [music] >> We'll take two. >> Okay, let's go. [laughter] >> You've got to tell everyone about the time that you and Garrett went surfing. >> Oh my gosh. We were [snorts] surfing in Wy Ki. Um and we we're like, we'll surf until sunset. So, we're looking around. Everybody's out there. We're surfing. All of a sudden, sun goes down. It's just us now. We look around. No one else is serving. And I was like, "Okay, time to go in." Like, "Son's gone down." I heard that thing about, you know, sharks. As I said that, and I see this dark, large blob coming up towards us. And Gar goes, "Oh, wo, wo." And I full plank on the surfboard. And next thing I know, he jumps in. You've got to be kidding me. Like, this is this is Jaws happening real life. Like, this is a shark coming to eat us. And he jumps in the water. like why not? Um, turns out to be sea turtle. We're good. He's alive. We're fine. But just typical. >> Do you think when he was four he jumped in with the stingrays or did he fall? >> No, 100%. He jumped in. He did not fall. That was four-year-old Garrett. It never changed. >> Here we are. >> He's still jumping in. >> Here we are. Yep. Never fails. >> Oh my gosh. We're going to have to ask him about that story. I want to see his side. >> I was going to say probably won't be the same.

- Customer Story: Ft. Lauderdale International Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] this is 59th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show and we have over 800 exhibitors over 1400 boats and will have over 100 000 people visit us within the next five days the biggest challenge that we saw in this environment is the density at any given time there are hundreds of ssids in the air it's a broadcast storm the vision was to have a quality signal for our clients for attendees and of course for all the service networks that we provide the requirements that we really honed in on was the performance overall of the equipment we looked at several manufacturers and we settled on on Ruckus because of its steam forming ability and its ability to operate successfully in a very noisy very challenging environment

- Billionaire Super Yachts Vs Super Tugs (Flibs 2020 Pre Show): Kind: captions Language: en that is a huge huge yacht guys um so look i have one behind me as well which i guess i can show you guys you know why not right we got enough time before this guy comes in so let me go ahead and start zooming out a little bit but let me show you guys so in fort lauderdale pound for pound the yachts that you're to see in fort lauderdale is second to none anywhere in the world guys when i'm when i'm talking about restorations or retrofits or any any type of you know work that's going to be done major major like major yachts it's it's going to be done through fort lauderdale um some some places in dania which is not far from here as well which actually if you see here where this boat is going uh kind of i'm going to zoom in to appear real quick let me zoom into the pier and that's dania where there's this pier in the backdrop all right that is dania pier and if i continue zooming out you see this body of water here will come in and then you're basically kind of like on an intercoastal you make a left and then there's some major major marinas and boat yards in that area so when you're wondering where these guys are going that's where they're going now let's go back to this incredible monster guys it doesn't get any bigger or better than this now keep in mind one of the reasons why i'm filming now and i'm starting to film this area is because all these monster mega yachts are going to start coming in for the fort lauderdale boat show and uh i will venture to say that this boat is going to be coming in uh for the actual show and you have a lot of mega yachts and incredible ships that are going to be coming here look at this guys wow what a what an incredible picture look at this these both beautiful yachts are going to be passing one another um it'll give you an idea of how massive this one ship is wow that is a beautiful yacht man wow what an incredible yacht guys guys comment below if you have any information on this particular yacht um beautiful man let's see if we can get a little closer real quick wow man this thing is super nice look at that man incredible dude beautiful yeah hey guys smash that like if you guys think this is an amazing yard because i'll tell you i saw it in the backdrop i don't know what what are the odds that we can go ahead and get on this boat for the fort lauderdale boat show hey listen anything's a possibility guys anything is a possibility i could imagine i can only imagine how many rooms that thing has there she is guys the aviva she's going to be going into port and uh she's heading in the direction of the boat show so good thing about having this type of content is guess what you put it out there and people see it so joe make it happen put me on your yacht let me uh do a walk-through especially if you're trying to sell it we'll go ahead and show that super yacht like there's no tomorrow ah what do we got here we got a big old tug is that a tug what's that what's that over there um pilot boat came right behind me guys um and it just got to the ship that it's going to be actually driving in so we're gonna be seeing a huge cargo ship here in a bit look at this all right guys all right so let me show you what's going on here let me show you what's going on here so we're at port everglades very windy day but here it is this huge cargo ship is about to come in and i do believe that that's a giant tugboat i don't know it could be wrong but i've been on tugboats before if you guys have seen the tugboat series but uh i don't know we'll see we'll see what happens here the good thing about having a zoom camera is that we can tell a story from close or from far that is that is a big big container uh if i'm not mistaken i do believe the yeah the smaller pilot boat is right next to it which is kind of interesting let's go ahead and see this guys how cool would it be you know when i say how cool would it be if i can get on one of those pilot ships uh poly boats and just basically see everything they do oh my god i'm so excited you see i love doing different stuff like this and showing you guys all this crazy stuff um all right so damn let me tell you the wind is coming you know pushing that boat that giant cargo ship and now look who's here so so i don't know if they're gonna meet up and maybe have a kiss i don't know a comment below comment right now pause the video comment below and tell me what you think is going to happen right now because we're going to find out you're going to keep on watching so you're going to find out what happens but let's see what happens dude let me tell you this cargo ship is hauling bro look how fast this thing is going look look just so you can get an idea look look look let's look at at for reference the just just for reference oh my god dude that pilot boat looks like it's struggling all right so it's moving guys it's moving sorry if my lens gets a little wet but so that's the pilot boat and um it's coming in fast man dude those cargo ships all ass tuskana is the name of the ship toscana j all right so let's go check out what's going on here because this is going to be interesting let's go zoom in on the pilot see what's going on over here [Music] oh boy so all right so look what's going on here there's the pilot oh my god dude is this probably why he's going so fast this guy have to slow him down dude what is going on here this thing looks like it's going to crash right into him is this tugboat not even for this what is going on here guys i have no idea what's going on there was a tugboat behind here there he goes okay so the tug has to do something with this okay so look it's going backwards like a boss you see this is cool stuff guys oh look look look how dude that is pretty impressive it's impressive how that tugboat just hauled ass and caught up to him so it looks like the captain could drive both sides that is crazy that is so cool i want to get on it dude i want to get on it guys let's do it they're all they're actually going to probably throw the ball right now let's see if we can catch that the tuscan that is cool stuff okay so yeah he's still hauling but yeah that's what's gonna happen they're gonna throw the lines and then the tug is basically gonna drive um i'm sure there's another tug that's gonna be pulling normally that's how they do it in the miami river and that's what i've seen and what you've seen most of you guys so it should be interesting let's see let's see what happens are they throwing any lines yet oh look at look how i just got it to turn it oh dude that's what's going on here so it probably can't turn that fast on its own that's impressive stuff dude so so okay now it started making sense okay so the port is right behind me right behind them so maybe maybe they don't even tie up maybe he's just pushing him just to turn them yeah that's what it looks like it's going on that is kind of cool dude that is awesome that is cool stuff bro the guy just turned it like nothing bro makes sense now makes sense with the wind and the way how fast it was going there's no way that that thing is going to be able to turn as fast as it needs to to go ahead and dock itself right here so that import everglades that can remove all the containers that are on there guys a smash i like man that uh that was pretty epic i've never seen something like that and one of the things i like about my channel is that i learn and you learn with me that was pretty cool all right so if it doesn't come to this first one to remove the containers let me show you where eventually okay so all right look let's wait before we even continue with that conversation so look he's now on the other side i guess right now the pilot is still navigating the boat and um basically that tug was there just there to go ahead and make that turn i'm sure it's going to continue doing stuff now while it's on its own power but if you look here in the backdrop all the way over here that's where it would probably get uh unloaded and port everglades that is cool stuff dude let me go ahead and pan one last time get that tug hey guys well listen don't forget to like and subscribe i hope you guys like this cool different content because i like to switch things up a little bit and show you guys amazing amazing content to me that was pretty cool and there it is the aviva we actually got close to uh to where it's it's actually docked uh it's right under the bridge next to the pier 66 building let me show you guys exactly where it's at this is actually one of the water taxi stations here in fort lauderdale which is multiple but this one is uh water taxi number four that's what you hear in the background floating there going up and down but that incredible ship guys that we just saw that yacht just come in through the uh inlet of port of everglades owned by joe lewis now i am going to do everything in my power to try to go ahead and get on that boat and do a walk through i think it's i think it's here for the show and if it is what better place to show it than alfred montana's youtube channel so let's go ahead and see maybe we can go ahead and uh i don't know we'll figure it out let's see what we can do and here's the uh here's the angle guys here is the angle this is actually another ship guys it is not the same ship we just saw but guess who's pushing it there you go so incredible stuff gives a whole different perspective of what it's doing and where it's going and that's why i'm doing these videos how crazy is that dude pretty crazy stuff so now where i'm where i'm positioned they're going to port everglades right there so they can unload all those containers and now i am positioned under a bridge here in fort lauderdale and that's what you're hearing here coincidentally this is one of the water taxis for the bud show so i actually am going to be talking about that as well because i think it's one of the easiest ways to go ahead and get around when you're at the show get in the water taxi and you're good here's another big boy all right so this one right here is just hanging out here we got a viva that is uh docked already but look at monster oh my goodness oh boy another super mega yacht guys all right so like i was telling you guys this is going to be the freaking mega yacht central in this entire month and until they leave you're not going to see anything like it down in this area this is look at this very very nice what's the name on this bad boy strona the third wow guys comment below i want to know your opinion would you pick the strona all right would you pick the strona that is just passing right now let's see let's see the crew over here all right guys so that's ostrona would you pick the strona would you pick uh the mocha or would you pick the aviva i don't know i don't know one more like one one more like this one this uh this one is very nice guys very very nice very elegant boat i do like the design i still gotta i would have to give it to the aviva by a hair guys for for my liking what do you guys think wow i mean come on let's let's let's be real here i mean if i had to saddle i'd i'd stay with the strona you know come on why not oh today's show was brought to you by the following sponsors thanks for watching don't forget to like and subscribe and always remember amazingness that's what we do

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrEdEtRoIt [3 likes]: Im headed to FL from Detroit in a month. Gonna wheres waldo yo ass lol!! Love the videos.
  2. @romancamarena [3 likes]: The pilot boat goes in front of the cargo boat and stops at the entrance of the inlet to stop all the traffic at the intracoastal .... a few weeks ago I was cruising the intracoastal after sunset coming back from Boca Chita and got stop by the pilot boat at Port Everglades Inlet to allow a huge cargo ship to go through ... if the pilot boat wasn’t there I would have never seen the cargo boat as it was way too dark... lesson learned for me 🙄😎
  3. @steveandrews1982 [2 likes]: I work at a truck shop across from port of Baltimore and some of the container ships that come threw the channel are gigantic.   Amazing to watch the tugs push them ships around like nothing.  Love the vids,  like to see some night footage of boats lite up
  4. @jean-yveslefebvre6446 [2 likes]: Just the amount of gaz you put in these monster will pay my morgage
  5. @kazoosc [1 likes]: Sirona III .. Tucana J. was the freighter w/ tug Broward
  6. @DavidPearl23 [1 likes]: That is motor yacht Aveda and he owns two of them by the same name
  7. @italiansister8069 [1 likes]: Thanks for the Beautiful shot that's a big boy  yacht ..
  8. @mrbill1580 [1 likes]: Ok "guys" lol hit the subscribe button now!
  9. @JeepComeTrue [1 likes]: Arthur Blank (home depot founder and Falcon owner. owns a yacht like that Aviva. $200. Mil
  10. @kinfolk5180 [1 likes]: His next port is  Puerto Cortes That Ship was built in 2007 (13 years old) and currently sailing under the flag of Antigua & Barbuda.
  11. @kinfolk5180 [1 likes]: What country did that big ship came from that is a nice one for sure
  12. @jamesking6457 [1 likes]: Stop saying “you guys” so much!!
  13. @TheKidneyMan2025 [1 likes]: SIRONA, AVILA, Nah!  I'll take one of the RIBs or SAFE Boats anytime Bro...are you kidding me?  More fun..
  14. @tonyguerrero8644 [1 likes]: Dope content Alfred!
  15. @wolfganggawor4251 [1 likes]: It all depends which one has a cup holder I need my cup holders
  16. @crawfordkevin7660 [1 likes]: The pilot boat most likely would've transported a pilot/captain to the cargo ship way before it got to the mouth of the harbor.
  17. @nathank4708: My yacht is not that big, but she says it gets the job done😂😂
  18. @Icegiant69: I'd pick the dinghy over any of the yachts.  I don't want the stress and headaches that go along with owning one of those beasts lol
  19. @SeekerKnight: Love your content, but you really need to work on the proper pronunciation of the names of these vessel.
  20. @MrJerrettj: Love your videos.  You say "guys" and "you guys" way too often.  You can eliminate "guys" all together and your videos will be way better.  Thanks for the videos.

- Inside the 65th Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show | Yachting Unplugged: Kind: captions Language: en we are coming to you from the 65th annual Fort lardell International boad show which is considered the Super Bowl of all boat shows it's the largest inwater boat show produces about two billion in Revenue gives us a big shot in the arm here in South Florida so welcome my name is Kim swis the boat boss with FP Marine Group and I have Rick Thomas with Ying international radio I also host Ying USA but together Kim and I are yting unplugged that's right and Kim this feels like the Super Bowl we've gone through four quarters tie game we're now in overtime it's been a crazy busy week it has the weather hasn't cooperated but the people have really been awesome there's so many exhibits to see so many boats on display education is Big initiative right now for the boat show and entertainment we have parties and it's such a great time so if you haven't made it to the boat show this year you need to come to Miami or come to Fort Lao next year because it is a scene don't forget Palm Beach next year I think this one of my favorite shows that's right I missed on one of my which is an up and cominging Boat Show yes it is so we're on the upper deck the Sund deck of motor yach unbridled unbridled is a 8 meter 192t Trinity yacht built back in 2009 Mr Jim glidewell is the owner Captain Liam has been our marvelous host we have broadcast all week from this boat and Kim you were just on board for one of our seminars we did we we live stream that around the world we had viewers from Dubai and from Switzerland and from Europe and all over the world watching tell us a little bit about this panel you just came off of it was really exciting it's you know there's obviously a few of us that have been in the business for many years and there's also some fresh faces but it was all about development we were developing talking about how we grew each of Our Brands and what we do in the industry and giving words of wisdom to women and men too that are looking to make that next left and step and to scale their brand or their business it was really great yeah yeah it was good hearing your story too I've heard it before but coming from your lips our ears it was great and it was wonderful to have you on board yeah I can definitely say that my story is one of perseverance and really I taking a look in loving yourself first and realizing that you have to set boundaries and that you have to find happiness within yourself before you put that hand out there give me your hand and help someone else and it's so important that self-love first and then you help someone second and then from there then the world is is really your limit and so get rid of the people that aren't doing it for you that are holding you back and you're and and the sky is the limit well I add to that the Fear Factor because coming from my background in just the last two years I've I've gone through a couple reinventions and they're scary and and as you're considering this change you're about to make it's it's like am I really going to do this yeah but looking back it's for me in my experience it's been amazing and I would encourage anybody who thinks they're on the hamster wheel right now and feels like it's time for reinvention go for it and only have one life to live no I couldn't agree more but you always have to say Simon senic said find your why because it's not all about just putting you know content out there about innovating suit or what the lifestyle is you have to have a higher purpose and that higher purpose is sustainability of our industry yes we cannot do all this unless we have a plan of sustainability and so find your why whether it be mine is safety and cancer yours is obviously just getting the word out about how important yachting is is not just the economic side but the financial side the impact that a yacht brings to the communities that they are at we have talked about that and so many of the podcasts we've recorded this week I keep talking about what I call the sacred Trinity and that is the owner the crew and the asset the boat and the shipyard support for the boat and I say everything else is the fluffy stuff and when you really focus on the owner and the crew and you get them working in in in a harmonious relationship magic happens and that's what we're experiencing on board un Bridal this week this crew is incredible the owner is an amazing guy who's facilitated all this for us and this has been our studio all week not too bad and it's no joke because you have the mo I tell you what you SE the through out the Caribbean right so check out Mo Amica stands for Fort lal.com these things I'm might just buy one wrap it up and send it to me put a bow on it for though pink poow it's' appropriate yeah these are really cool great story they're from the Caribbean brought here to America by a Serial entrepreneur great story I can't wait to learn more about this product yeah no it's fun and it's like these are the little things you see when you're paying attention and looking around this show there's a thousand of these things that show up and you just want to yeah you just you want to embrace what you can and particularly if it it furthers the industry or adds a little fun to the industry absolutely well let's get a little serious now we're going to talk about the safety side of of the Marine industry and we've really with wavy boats and with qualified Captain there's been so much of a demand for what goes wrong on the water and so we always when we talk about and we highlight that I really challenge the these people that have those sites at the end of their post to say what could have happened to make it right right so I challenge you know Aaron and all the people out there that have their own sites if you're highlighting that there needs to be a higher purpose that safety we have to leave with safety we unfortunately had a situation recently last week with nautical Ventures it was an unfortunate situation where one of the technicians who I have technicians at my dealership and one of the technicians unfortunately was not with us any longer and so I want to talk about four others are are are are still treated for Burns and it was a it was a boat fire was an explosion actually happening during a fueling incident and unfortunately that's not a unique or first time type of thing it happens too often it does and it's important I think as an industry because it could happen like you said it didn't deal dealership like one of yours could happen on a boat like this where you're carrying multiple tenders and you have gasoline and Diesel powered vessels the gasoline's more more dangerous than the diesel because of the the volatile nature and and the way the gas SPS can settle in and they're there you can maybe smell a little bit but you don't understand or comprehend how dangerous it is bring up a good point smell and so I had a that accident happened on Friday at 4:30 in the afternoon they were probably who knows what the situation is I can't comment or you going to happened but Friday at 4:30 we all know what we all want to get out of there and who knows what the situation was but I told my team on Monday right after that happened we had a safety meeting gathered my team from the top of the organization down to you know the women that work the the office because when you smell gas that is stop and wait and aate as I call it and so whether you're going in to do a a service job on a boat or you are doing does anything if you smell it you have to stop stop and just let it go take a break call your mom or whatever let the boat aate or if you feel more comfortable just leave completely yeah nothing wrong with that eventually those fumes particularly if you have of a appropriate blower system can be can evacuated yes I talked to some captains about policies and procedures there are a number of operations where there are written procedures for this and one very good idea is if you're fueling a vessel cease all other work on the vessel agree don't you know be single-minded about what you're doing ideally you would do that last after you have everybody off the boat after all the work's been done and okay we're done we're ready to go let's put gas in this thing so it can be Rong absolutely right nothing else should be done no no vaping no wet dry backs no battery chargers nothing can happen when fueling is taking place so again condolence to the the team there at nautical Ventures more importantly a a a teachable moment to the industry pay attention to this let's try to prevent these types of tragedies from happening as you know safety is a big part of my platform now and I'm mcing the international boating and water safety Summit next year really excited about that I got live stream that for you yes absolutely I think you should definitely be involved for those companies that really want to network with government officials Coast Guard is there FWC all the parks everyone is there Mercury and it's a great way for anyone looking to enter into that safety space or Hazard product that needsa OTE it or talk about it on stage reach out to me please or the national safe voting Council who puts it on it's an amazing event I went last year I was a keynote spe keynote speaker loved it so much that now I'm all in on voting safety I love that I love it I couldn't think of a more important subject matter to be part of because at the end of the day we're all loving being on the ocean it's it's what soothes our soul it's where we families come together and you build relationships maintain Rel relationships create new relationships but the ocean she's unforgiving yes she's beautiful but she doesn't care so I think it's really important that when we're encouraging people to get on the ocean and enjoy our beautiful waterways we at the same time say but do it with situational awareness with care with purpose Safety First always Safety First K GRE Moore well I was saying that I Incorporated boat smart from the start and so we all have to start whether it's the night before folks drinking being tired getting in your car and getting on that boat when you're not 100% can also lead to a not so great day on the water yeah and a bad day of boating is no fun for anybody exactly it couldn't have been where well you are responsible whoever's driving is responsible for their guests that are on the boat so save that beer pop that beer you know when you're at the dock or something like that but always be smart about boing or or do what I do I've got an amazing 15-year-old son who's an make incredible Helmsman so I just let him drive the bat if I'm going to have people on board we're going to have a couple Co beer or two I just Tristan you've got this I love it so how's the boat show been Dynamic I I've lost my voice and regained it a couple of times we we were at the international superat society's Design Awards in a tuxedo thank you monkey suit doesn't happen very often Kim but but it was a good time it was amazing to see some really well-known northern European shipyards really do well um you know so so that was exciting the international seae keeper Society we had Guy Harvey is our keynote speaker and our 2024 seeke Keepers recipient of the seeke keepers Award of the year was great to hear him talk and see our industry come together for more environmental mindsets which is cool again bringing in the word sustainability sustainability and accountability and you know we when you bring High net worth people together and you encourage them to look philanthropically at what they can do to help our oceans and help our industry and that it makes sense absolutely so so some really good industry events that happen here every year and just the conversations that we're having on the dock has been amazing we are only a couple days away actually two days away from the most consequential election of our life time here in the United States get out and vote whoever is going to be vote but do it don't sit back home this is too important so I will leave you with that and Kim it's been an awesome show this great thanks for mother nature for pulling it through in the end because was a rough start it got a little windy and rainy too yeah we dive some raindrops but you're having a great hair day today am I you are absolutely like this look thank you so much yeah suanne for the little hair clip I appreciate it yeah I struggled myself but this go it just it's what I it is what it is well it's no joke the fort lardell International Boat Show was a success we have Lok behind us check out Mo check out unbridled for Charter or actually just any opportunity to get on this boat is a treat in itself this screw is incredible this screw is in and the and the chef's pretty good it was he does a good job coming another Galley all right every one whether you live work or play on the water get on the water if you're interested in crew opportunities talk to Rick he's the guy that knows everyone in crew but living over water come to South Florida call South Florida your residents and then you can buy a boat and enjoy the lifestyle Al together so Rick until the next time you and I get together for yting unplugged I let's do coffee on the beach again that was so much 6:30 or something like that the sun rise earlier I love watching that sun come up over the attic oan make it happen look forward to it all right thank you Ying on look forward to seeing you on the next episode I'm out of here

- $13M Waterfront Build Opportunity at 10 Meadowbrook Way, Sag Harbor — Hamptons Real Estate: Kind: captions Language: en and [Music]

- The BEST Weekender Boat of 2025!! | The Palm Beach Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en What if you could have a boat that's small enough to trailer, big enough to cruise comfortably, and packed with features for adventure? That's exactly what the Ranger Tug 27 offers. And today, we're doing a full walkthrough at the West Palm Beach Boat Show. All right, we got the Ranger Tug 27 and this is a very popular model on the Ranger Tugs. So, all the uh fluid motion group are powered by Yamaha. So, we have Yamaha power back here. This is a 350. So, this is actually an upgrade from last year's model where you get uh 350 horsepower. So, you get 50 more horsepower than the standard 300. So, it really should move this boat uh move along quite well. Got EVA foam decking throughout. A nice walkway here. And under here looks like maybe a wash down. Yeah, look at that. Nice wash down right there. Nice grab right here. This whole walkthrough area is very, very convenient. You could put a grill back here. I'm assuming that's what this is for. So, you can hook up your grill to there. Nope. You actually have a grill right here. A grill right here. Look at that. That opens up. Got a sweet, sweet little area here for the sink. Close that up. Okay. Got some cup holders here with a seat. Okay. Got a big live wall over here. Looks like a wash down pump as well. It's nice seat. Nice pull out seat. That's a sweet feature. Look at that. Super easy to close and open. So, you can open it with one hand. Real simple. And one of the things that I like about this boat is that this whole this whole hatch opens up and the whole thing comes up. Look at that. Huge space. Tons of space down here. Here. Look at all your fuel tanks, your BGE bill pumps. Yeah, for you to walk down there. You can crawl down there. You got plenty of space to work on any f through holes or anything like that. Amazing use of space. All right. You have a place here for a pedestal. And then you have so you got a big box here for storage and for your batteries for your house batteries Let's check out on the starboard side. I got more storage. Got a water heater there. Got another battery over there. More storage. Got another seat that comes out. Sweet. This is one of the easiest chairs, one of the easiest seating options that pulls out itself. Really, really simple. Really easy. Got a nice area over here for sitting or to step up and grab and and walk around the actual cabin. Right. About the same size for both. And then you also have a nice refrigerator over here that is outside. big sun shade, biminy sun shade. It's going to allow you to enjoy the outside without uh getting uh toasted in the sun. So, let's go inside the cabin. Okay, that locks in there. And one of the things that I like, these doors here, they open up. See that? Boom. Those open up and you can actually sit while you're uh underway and get a nice breeze coming through. Lock that up. All right. This boat's beam is only 8 1/2 ft. And you get a ton of space in here for an 8 and 1/2t beam boat. I'm going to close this here. It's hot out there. So, I'm enclosing the cabin to port side. You have a twoburner, like a little oven over here. That's a sweet feature, a cutting board, a nice deep sink. Okay. I love these little port holes. Just a very reminds you you're you're on a boat. But all this wood here just gives it that old style feel. if that's what you're into. So, you got storage under here. Your dishes and things. Got more storage there. Tons of drawers. Tons of space. all that space in there right underneath the sink. And then you have a nice area here where the actual co-pilot chair would go that you can move up and out of the way if you're preparing food. So you get uh usage of almost every every inch of this countertop. A big refrigerator. This is a big refrigerator for about this size. Okay. And then you have your your co-pilot chair that goes here. You have a plug out there. These windows slide so you can open and open and close. There of these access these windows up here are very nice. I don't think I mentioned these, but you got more uh ventilation access here. So, when you're underway, you get ton of air movement under there and up here as well on the port side. So, let's go back to this side. Let's go back. Let's go back to the starboard side. And here you have your little dinette area. So, this this cushion goes back and forth. So you can sit um aft or you can face uh forward and this can turn into another berth by going down. But this is another cool feature that this boat has is you have another berth down here where you can put you know another two people where one person can sleep under there. Put your kids down there. You have access to your house. Um you have access to your panel electrical panel here. This your 120 uh AC panel. Okay, you have a little microwave. I mean, this is super convenient at about this size. This only 27 ft and has a beam of 8 and 1/2. So, coming up coming up to the helm, you have a big bench seat here where two people can sit. This is nice when you're sitting here with your partner. Okay, you got plenty of space. That AC, the AC vents are right here next to you. Feels really good while you're underway. I bet I bet this must be nice on those long trips. A bow thruster. You have your radio, your switches, another AC vent up here, your Yamaha gauge, you have a Garmin, a 12-in GPS, your autopilot, more switches with some fuses here, a fusion radio, and then you have a a high water alarm, which you don't see too many uh boats have these anymore, which I think every boat should have them, but the details on this boat are very, very, very nice. all the upholstery. Got your compass up there. Another vent here. This window opens up. Just slides out. You get a really good visibility as well. 360° views. You have your privacy curtains as well. Let's take a look at the cabin, which is what most of you are uh are interested in. Cuz if you're going to be spending a weekend on here, you want it to be comfortable. So, there's two steps to come down into the cabin. I didn't see this little storage area. Let's check that out real quick. More storage in there. So, there's two steps coming down into the into the cabin. Okay. You have a closet right here. You can hang some clothes. More storage under there. You have a coffee machine here, a TV, some privacy curtains, more drawers. You can never have enough storage. So, some some more storage in here. Okay. And then you have access to your sump pump. Super easy access to your sump pump for your head for your for your wet head. Okay. And then coming into the actual head, got plenty of space, you have a little uh sunroof there. This is a cool little feature here. This little mirror, little port hole there, so you can look outside or people can look at you while you're doing your business. More storage in here. A window there. Okay, your sink, your shower, and this comes out here for your shower. Tons of storage in there. So, this is a wet head. Everything is going to get wet in here. You have a curtain in there, towels, and this closes. And then you have your rail that goes all around for your shower curtain. Now, let's step in here. So, this piece, assuming this piece goes like this. Yeah, look at that. So that fits in there and that's a ton of space for two people to lay out and sleep. I mean I'm 6' tall and you can comfortably this is extreme extremely comfortable in here. Plenty of space. You can sleep if you wanted some more space. You could probably sleep this way with your feet this way and even lay out sideways. You got a ton of space in here. Very comfortable. And you have a means of egress as well. So, let's take a look at the bow. I don't think I saw that. And I I there's no access to get up there. So, you have a lounge seating up there and access to your windless as well. Very high handrails. Very safe boat. You have rails on the side as well. So if you're walking on the gunnel to get to the anchor for whatever reason, you have access. You can have a safe walkway where you can grab the rails and not fall overboard. All right, so let's take a look at the price and how much this guy costs. So we got a Ranger Tug 27 foot 31T 7 in overall. A draft of 34 in with the motor down, 19 in with the motor up. That's incredible. A beam of 8 foot6. So, this boat is still trailerable, believe it or not. Fuel capacity of 150 gallons, water capacity of 40, which is a lot of water, a waste capacity of 30, and you got a dry weight of 7,700 lb. You are looking at $277,000 for the Ranger Tug Luxury Edition 350 horsepower. So that's what you're looking at. If you guys got any questions, you can reach out to Fluid Motion Ranger Tugs. Uh, thank you very much for watching and we'll see you on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidBlake27055 [8 likes]: 1:42 That’s a propane locker.
  2. @dalepasswaters4898 [5 likes]: No side walk bummer way over priced 😢
  3. @Charlie-go6eb [5 likes]: That’s a very nice boat.The towable aspect makes it an rv for lakes across the US. Great video.
  4. @mariod8405 [3 likes]: Nice boat, but no sidewalks is a no go, to expensive
  5. @V.V-gh9kq [3 likes]: Grill is in a weird spot.  They need to incorporate the cut water c288 rear multifunction seat and grill setup. IMO
  6. @stevhaniemccallum2371 [3 likes]: Great video can’t wait to see you on the water again. Camping and fishing. Cheers 🥂
  7. @pvalentin214 [3 likes]: That's the boat tou need
  8. @james8989891 [2 likes]: I'm thinking about the basement my cat would claim that
  9. @fernandobaez9914 [2 likes]: Super nice then you said the price 😅😅😅
  10. @andymunnings9109 [2 likes]: "I Love the compact functional build."👍
  11. @Michel-gb7gl [1 likes]: The fridge is to small. Should try a drawer fridge and freezer.
  12. @Michel-gb7gl [1 likes]: Sweet
  13. @rothgartheviking858 [1 likes]: To bad that central hatch has all that plumbing in it.  Would make one hell of a fish box.
  14. @Rex-q2q3h [1 likes]: Great boat ! But the presenter is a klutz 🤦🏻🙄
  15. @dalepasswaters4898 [1 likes]: I like the outboard idea alot
  16. @garrettwilliams7485 [1 likes]: Perfect lake boat !!
  17. @fassphoto [1 likes]: Looks amazing.

Awesome choice.
  18. @petepeterson5337: Not sure about that head/shower interior.  How long is that gonna hold up.

The Skipjack 262 seems like a much better package as a trailable boat.
  19. @davidstrickler6570: When they have chairs that fold forward for counter space, the hinges they use are weak in appearance. A full grown man sitting on that flimsy two hinge contact will twist and miss align under stress from wave action. If you want this design you need a more robust hinge and a three point datum contact. To secure the seat.
  20. @killerb5726: Is this strictly inter coastal waterways and lakes?  Or can it handle a trip over to the Bahamas?

- Admiring 5 Top Luxury Boat Builders: Palm Beach, Grand Banks, Horizon Yachts, and More: Kind: captions Language: en or the plot thickens cuz there's so many types of boats that when you find one that really just hits your style you have to [Music] stop welcome to another episode of the Southern boating podcast I'm ianne I'm James Anderson and this is part two of our podcast version of the International Boat Builders article that we put out in our September issue 2024 with that remember to leave a comment let us know which vessels you liked from the last episode and how they compare to the vessels that we're going to be covering or the manufacturers that we're going to be covering in this episode don't forget to thumbs up us subscribe hit the like button right now watch the episode and if you don't like it at the end you could go ahead and take your like back all right let's let's do that I'm cool with that I like that all right so I'll kick it off we're going to start with a brand that we you were a brand that you were so excited to talk about that you wanted to jump an episode you wanted it to jump in episode so you could start talking about it last week I do I like this brand I like this somebody else in this office likes this brand a lot look so when I was learning about these about boats in general this brand was one of the ones that actually made me stop and say oh that's nice right where oh yeah you know as cuz there's so many types of just hits your style you have to stop exactly so the brand that we're talking about is Palm Beach Palm Beach was founded in 1995 by Mark Richards who is a very accomplished Championship salesperson salesperson sailor and he actually wanted to design a powerboat that was for the sailman or the Sailor sailman that's not a word yeah I was you said it and I'm like yachtsman sailor put I'm losing my mind these days okay it's it's bad but he he developed a boat his very first boat was the PB 38 that's the one that he drew by hand right yeah that's the 2D drawing that he had right and built four boats which he sold immediately yeah and realized I've got something here and just to let you know Palm Beach does not stand for the Florida city or the island in Florida or the island in Florida right which is I think what a lot of Floridians would assume but really it's a section it's a peninsula a peninsula in Northern Australia right over by Sydney right over by Sydney yes so these boats are absolutely incredible just The Styling cues of them the variable dynamics of the whole carbon fiber and parts of it very lightweight very efficient just absolutely gorgeous I mean you you you can't knock one of these boats yeah so so the lightweight comes from the carbon fiber construction and then the design given that he has sailing experience is really what helps Elevate this style and also provides for a lot of performance aspects exactly so the brand is so popular now that last June he announced the PB 85 so an 85 foot yach for a Palm Beach which is absolutely going to be amazing can't wait to see it and it's just everything about it from the convex hole to the car fiber to the design cues this is absolutely to me elegant it's like a pretty woman in a dress so love Palm Beach now moving on because the story gets even more interesting the story or the plot thickens right so the next one we're going to talk about is another Australian Builder right and that's going to be Gran Banks now gr Banks is was founded in 1965 by the Newton family and their first boat was the GB 36 now at the time they were expats living in Hong Kong right correct okay correct so the gb6 36 were going on to become one of the most iconic boat models of all time with more than a thousand of them sold this is where it gets interesting in 2014 Grand Banks found new blood when the accomplished sailor and founder of Palm Beach motor Yachts Mark Richards took the helm so they they merged and now now Mark Richards overseas Palm Beach and Grand Banks and you can just it's great for GR Banks I mean to have such a great leader at the helm is stupendous because obviously he's done a phenomenal job with the Palm Beach brand and now he's doing the same thing with Gran Banks and Gran Banks has got some really really really cool things coming up we can't talk about them just yet but in an upcoming issue of magazine we are going to feature some of this the next manufacturer we're going to talk about is Horizon Yachts now this company started in 1987 it's based in Taiwan and they are the leading I want to read this properly the leading Asian yacht brand in the luxury yacht Market correct right they have a lot of accolades which speaks to essentially the quality of the vessels that they're producing for the consumer now one thing that sticks out with Horizon Yachts is um the craftsmanship it is quite literally sophisticated craftsmanship their build process is also something that is I would say Superior the techniques that they use is really Superior build techniques they employ a lot of Technology yes and I think they're they're very big on that correct they're very big on the technology they're very big on developing new techniques new different designs right we recently saw a new design of theirs that we talked about in an episode the 77 s yeah right and that's got a very unique look to it but as well as a very unique transom that drops down yes right for the fishing so these boats that they're building are unbelievable very popular especially in the charter Market Y and they are high quality right and if you're looking at them kind of wondering okay well what size vessels do they build they buil between 50 ft and 150 ft vessels so quite literally from something that you could use you know to go cruising nearby to a super yacht mhm and that really again speaks to their build techniques and how they're able to manufacture all of these different sizes and still be for 14 years the best Asian Motor Yacht Builder right that's an award that they've won 14 years in a row that's correct it's incredible to think about all how one company can produce that much success it is it is they are stunning mhm and they're just just unbelievably great Asian quality and working with their team is always a lot of fun too and they build everything they've got a big range of stuff that they build and high quality let's move on to the number four today's episode a historic brand started in 1842 in Italy Reva what what I like about the history of Reva is that they started off building many vessels but they became known for the racing boats and that's kind of how their their name really became well known within the Boating industry was racing boats and then they became popular with celebrities and royalty and you know in the 50s and 60s as they started lifestyle in Italy exactly they started to revamp and embrace that and and the company has just become quite literally one of the iconic brands in the industry it is I can tell you right now that I can spot a classic Reva from a mile away mhm like it's very easy I I think that they're absolutely stunning boats you know from that era all the way into today's era they're still building a boat that is absolutely stunning it's they build Yachts now north of 100 ft and still have the same passion for performance with them which is incredible right so imagine being on some of their 80 foot yachts and moving along at a good clip right and it it's impressive it it stayed as part of the company culture in the product that they produce is absolutely and now Reva is owned by the fari group mhm right which has done a phenomenal job with them bring them into the fet program build quality is impeccable when you get on one my hats off to Reva and if anybody would like to donate a classic Reva to me just can't afford one with a little kid I was going to say yeah there yeah no maybe when I retire never they're a pretty penny yeah all right so let's transition to the last manufacturer that we're going to touch right so we will finish with a finished brand that's right right yes so had to bring in we've talked about some Asian Brands we've talked about Australian Brands europeand European Brands UK to Italy to well finish is really European but let's not go there let's it's Scandinavian there's a lot of Scandinavian Brands out there now we're going to talk about one in an upcoming episode with a Wendy this one the axopar MH which is very widely known now here in the United States and given that it's only what a decade old right it's it's considered a young company in boating it has performed so well not just the vessel itself but the company they've really gone above and beyond you know they're favored as the chase boats and ratas worldwide correct right and that speaks highly to the Quality vessel quality vessel how it performs is a huge aspect with that yeah um there's also a low cost of ownership because of the way they go about the the the build and how they have um the interchangeability between so yeah it's kind of like they stole some of the ideas from the automakers of how to mix and match components how to carry components through an entire line of boats that's right right so their overhead is very low but it's not just their overhead that's low it's your cost of ownership low and that's what I was going to say is because their overhead is low they pass it along to the consumer and that also means that maintenance because parts are more readily available your part's not specific just to your model right your part might be specific across a wide range of models right so it's going to be a lot easier to get meaning that the price of those replacement parts is going to be much less right which is excellent right and that's why a lot of people have gone to these and it's interesting I mean you can notice that's an axle par yeah from across the way you can be across the bay or across the inter Coastal or on the beach looking out and go that's an axopar now axopar you're going to find them in the range of 22 to 45 ft correct and they're you you know that they perform well because they have great running holes and when you think about that they have great running holes um they're favored as Chase boats being in in the area being Scandinavian they have to deal with different types of weather where I mean it's it's it can be rough you're getting a vessel is meant to Pro protect you from the elements right but at the same time meant to perform perform as you pass through the elements so I think it's a really really interesting brand especially since they've done this in such a short time it just blows my mind it blow it really blows my mind a decade yeah so hat off to them for achieving so much within a short time period yes and bringing us a high quality boat yes that we can you know that that opened up a bigger section of the market to more people right and that people love like once once you ride in one you you tend to love it yeah yeah I'm always in for somebody that's going to open up the market for some people that didn't think they could be in that section of the market right absolutely right that's that's pretty cool now that's 10 vessels that's 10 vessels or 10 10 brands that we've covered right so that's 10 brands that we've covered out of the International Boat Builders issue there is over 30 that we dat we featured in this issue so please go online read the issue if you have it in your mailbox read the issue there's a lot of different boat brands in here but it's got a little bit of information about each brand which may be helpful for you if you're deciding or if you're looking at a new boat to understand a little bit of the history of these companies that's right I mean to me it matters for you maybe it's the same thing take a look at the issue read the issue go through hit us in the comments let us know what you think but until next time I'm James Anderson I'm me and Steve yeah I just wasn't expecting you to say until next time and then your names or and then our names I was I would have expected our names and then like until next time oh cuz I changed it up you did so I you're like until next time I was like sweet we're done I'm James Anderson I'm let's kick this off let me start my timer if you want if it helps you we have that one like within eyesight I know I just just I'm I'm doubling down in case your phone battery dies or something oh that's fair even though it's like fully charged but all right all right let's go are you going to do your intro or what that's literally what I was going to do and then I stopped cuz you're staring at me

  Top Comments:
  1. @douglashunter6033: Thanks James and Ian I loved this Podcast. I must admit I was left confused and I am saying this in a good way. You made such a great sales case for all 5 yachts that I think I might buy a winning lottery ticket and buy all five of these yachts.

- BRAND NEW 🤯 2026 Saxdor 460 GTC Fast Family Boat Yacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en - They did it again, the ultimate versatile boat supersized. (upbeat music) We are so excited, you guys. We are finally getting the tour at US Premier of this SAXDOR 460 GTC. It premiered in Europe but we're not able to make it. And it finally made its way here. This is a tradition at this point. The very last tour of the boat show, in this case, the Palm Beach Boat Show, and yeah, they did it again, just like I said. I don't know how they do it, but they did it again, and this one is a stunner. - [Rico] Well let me point out a couple of things right here from from the dock, actually, because it's easier to see. - Go ahead. - [Rico] So we have on both sides here, this staircase which can either go up, straight or down into the water. And in this boat, actually this hull, is outfitted with two of them. There's one on each side. - It's an option. It's an option, but if I was choosing it, I would do exactly that on both sides. - [Rico] Oh, that's a no brainer. - That's a box I would check off, 100%. - [Rico] So then we have the optional V10 425 main engines here. Triple. Let's step on. Do you want me to do this or? - Yeah, if you want to. Okay. Here we go, here we go. - So right where we step on, first of all, this is pretty cool here that they're actually bringing up the faux teak all the way up onto the bulwarks and on top as well. Love that. - [Victoria] If you could see this. - [Rico] Yeah, you can see it right here. - [Victoria] Yeah, there we go. - [Rico] There we go. - [Victoria] Exactly. We did see it on the last model that we toured and I love that now it just kind of goes across all the-- - Absolute fan. Absolute fan of it. So we have the transom shower right here and a quick connect. - [Victoria] Last tour of the boat show. - [Rico] And a quick connect water hookup right there. So let's close this back up. So then we have a receptacle here on the floor for a pole for the shower. - [Victoria] Quick connect shower. - Yes. How cool is that? - [Victoria] All the luxury features. What's that? - You don't normally have that on a 46 footer. This is a receptacle for your sunshade. - [Victoria] Okay. So then this is new. And actually, I don't think I've ever seen this on a boat this style and this size. Have you? Can you remember? - [Victoria] No, I think you might be right. - I don't think so. So we have the joystick control and bow thruster control here, as well as the emergency stop for the engine. Big storage space right here. - [Victoria] Huge. Like set up for three fenders already, but whatever else you want to put in here. So you can literally put like a folded SUP in here, like standup paddleboard. - [Rico] Totally, totally. - [Victoria] It's very big. - Or you should just put like, you know the soft inflatable fenders in there, which are completely collapsing? - [Victoria] Yeah. - You can put that in there. - [Victoria] So many. You can put a lot in there. - A lot in there. And then how do you inflate them? (heavy breathing) Excuse me, how? Okay, that's better. Maybe, I don't know. What is that? - [Victoria] Okay, this here. - [Rico] What is that? Ay. - It's an inflator and deflator. I don't know if there's a special word for that. - [Rico] Exactly. - Put it in the comments. - [Rico] It blows and sucks, both. - What? Okay, keep going. (laughing) - [Rico] Oh my god. - It does, I guess. - [Rico] It does. - So then there's a safety gate right here. - [Rico] We have the transom glass right here and then a gate on either side. - Yeah, safety gate. And this is where things get super interesting. This is all the Swiss army knife stuff starts, right? - [Rico] Yes. - I am pretty sure a lot of you have seen our tours of other Saxtor's, so a lot of the features are, you know, coming from the smaller models and transitioning to these ones, and some of the features, clearly there was no space on the smaller ones and they've been dying to do them and they were able to accomplish it on this model. But first of all, of course, one of the crown jewels, this massive foldable buwarks and essentially it takes our beam from like 14 feet-- - [Rico] Just under 14. - Over 19. It's like 19 to. So it's five some feet of extra space, of extra entertainment space. Easy to get in and out of its way. And in this case, they've been able to give you a hammock which I love this feature. - [Rico] That is so cool. - I mean, how many times you've been in anchor and you're like, oh, if I only could have a hammock, and you look at these sailboats that are doing it from their mast and then you're just like, ah, this is amazing? Yeah, love this feature. - [Rico] I would totally use it. - So on this side, hang on... Well, let go. Okay, on this side, they actually did like a multi-use space. So cup holders, you can actually put something here while you're cooking. You can put your utensils. So we have a grill, sink, pop-up light, which is definitely gonna be great to have while you're cooking here. Potentially in a sundown situation like we have right now. And then this is just absolutely epic. Should we do this first or this first? - [Rico] Let's open the hatch first. - Okay, let's do it. - Open the hatch. So, this is a massive, massive storage. So we have even the lid there on top. You open that up, you still have storage underneath. You got the storage boxes here. - [Victoria] I don't know if you guys could see how far it goes. - [Rico] Oh my god, this is huge. This is crazy. So all your water toys, all those inflatables you might have would fit on there. Pretty cool. And these two are access to our technical space, so don't need to open them right now. - Okay. So onto the entertainment luxuries. First of all, high low table right here. So you can lift this up and it's a really nice little spot to have your cocktails or some lunch. - [Rico] And still protect it even if it rains. - Absolutely. And we saw the spots for the shade, so it will extend all the way out. - [Rico] Correct. - This whole thing can be shaded. This. So obviously this is equal, just so you guys can see the back of this one. Could be like this. So it's just an extra, you know, while everybody's in the water and you don't have the hammock up, you could sit this way, you can sit that way, hang out. Then another fantastic feature. This big sliding door and this electric, pretty much everything now is like, all the features are electric. - [Rico] On this boat, yes. - Yeah. - [Rico] Everything is electrified. - You just push a button and it just does whatever it's supposed to. - [Rico] Because it has has a really, really big lithium ion house bank. It doesn't need a generator. It has a feature on the main engines, which we're gonna talk about at the helm. - Very cool feature. We just saw like a whole demonstration. So anyway, there is a window that lowers all the way down right here. Another sitting area inside. There is just so much sitting on this boat. I'm just looking at it. I'm like. 20 people? - [Rico] 20 people. - No problem. - [Rico] Easy. - Absolutely no problem. So the amazing thing is it's just got this like alfresco dining or alfresco saloning into... You can completely close it up if the weather is bad, if you want to run AC because it's too hot or it's too cold you have all of these options. So there's these huge sliding doors on both sides. Just give you a small demonstration. - [Rico] Don't lock yourself out. - As you see this door. So you can close this up completely. And then if you don't close this up, if you leave it open, you probably have to help me, there's a little lever there, right? - [Rico] Yep. Do the lever. On both sides, again. And it's strong, so you can actually sit here and hang out. People are in the water, you're here. This boat is so much bigger than it actually is just by the way it's laid out. - So many spots that you can hang out. And then on that side, same thing. On the, what is that? - [Rico] What side? - Port side. Then this table here is convertible. So you can open it up and make it much bigger table. So a big group can eat here. Look at the size of the storage. I mean look at this. - [Rico] Big drawers. - Same right there, huge drawer. And as we keep going forward here-- - [Rico] Just quick before we go forward, I want to show this quick. This is a beautiful moon roof right here. - [Victoria] I didn't even notice it, but that's why it's so bright in here. - Because they're huge, huge like openable features everywhere. It's just all windows. - [Rico] Windows all around. - It's all salon. Even if you don't run your air conditioning, you open everything up, you get a... I mean, you feel like you're outside. - Exactly. - [Rico] Almost like a center console. - 100%. So there are three hound chairs forward, once we get to the helm, but it's always nice to be able to underway sit forward. It's a big thing. So here you get to sit forward, and then you got three more and you're like, well, that's only really maybe six, but it would be nice to do like, you know, eight or something, right? - [Rico] Yeah, yeah. - So then where's the button? What? - [Rico] This is pretty cool. - Oh, this is amazing. So all of a sudden you're all facing forward and yeah, I feel like a really comfortable group is like six to eight, you know, like a big group of friends? And everybody can sit forward, everybody can be all together. So it's an amazing feature. Oh, we didn't point out the tv, right? So let me put it back. Then we also have a TV lift. Well you get the idea. Massive tv. So when this is down, it's really easy to watch it from every angle. - [Rico] The TV's actually that big that it's also your room divider. - True. And we were kind of laughing because when this seat was this way, it's almost like a gamer spot. - You know? Because it's like super close and-- - [Rico] You could, you could. - Yeah, you could. You could totally game on this. Let me put this back. - [Rico] This table, I just remembered, can also be optionally high low table. - Oh, exactly, yeah. And then I guess you could put a cushion as well on top. So what's here? - [Rico] So let me show you. - Okay, perfect. - [Rico] So let's open this up here. - [Victoria] You guys know the drill. When he volunteers, he likes the boat. - Another thing, as you see, like there is carpet on this boat right now, but that is removable. It's not fixed installed. Underneath is the same synthetic teak like we have on the exterior. - [Victoria] Yeah, you don't have to have it in. - So if you really want to use it indoor or outdoor and you know, swimming, do your activities, water activities and everything, you'll probably not have the carpet on there, right? - [Victoria] Let's go, let's go. There are a lot of people who want to see this boat. - Well they can watch our video. So this is here our electrical room. So a lot of equipment in here right now is optional. It's a peak shaving system. You do have four large lithium ion batteries. So we get two here and two on the other side. And then there's an optional space right in the center here for a stabilizer, gyro stabilizer sea keeper. - That's right. You can even have that option on this boat. So now you're wondering, okay, like who's charging, what is charging these batteries? We get to that at the helm. - I know, you keep teasing and teasing-- - [Rico] I know. - -but I think it's worth it. It's worth the wait. - [Victoria] All right, let's keep going. So then now on port side we have our galley. Hey. - [Rico] Galley. - Cutting board right here on the side. Sink. Cup holders. Lots of cup holders everywhere. Then of course two burner cooktop. This is cool. So it's your trash can. - [Rico] Oh, it's massive. But the cool thing is, look what they did here. It's a huge trash can. You can put your bag in here, but you can also remove it. You could just lift it off and rinse it and properly clean it if you needed to. And then here we do have a fridge right here. There is an ice maker here or you can have a freezer depending on how you would like to do it. - [Rico] I love those mechanisms. - [Victoria] Look, they even have my favorite closing mechanisms. Like they're doing something right. - And while you're cooking, right here, huge window. You can open this up as well, as you can tell. Oh, this is... Let me show you. - [Rico] It's all open right now. - Or you can just close it up. So you can close it up, you can leave it open. Again, it's all about exterior interior all altogether. So any way you want it. Right now, you guys can tell we have this huge sunroof. It's massive. Again, push of a button, the weather gets bad or you're going through some rough seas and the spray's coming over, which Rico and I have had plenty of time, push of a button, maybe I have to hold it. - [Rico] That is a really cool roof actually. Like openable roof. - It's fantastic. So with all of this amount of openable windows and doors, it's not the end, we still have this huge door which we're gonna talk about. No, no, don't spoil. - [Rico] Oh okay, okay. - It is like insanely cool feature. And then first we got to talk about the helm and what makes it so special. - [Rico] So yeah, first of all, immediately, even with everything open, it's noticeably cooler in here than outside. - Oh, totally. 100%. - [Rico] It's ice cold air coming out here. So this boat has over 50,000 BTU in cooling power installed, actually. - [Victoria] That's a lot. And all this on batteries. - [Victoria] You and I learned about air conditioning. - We did. - [Victoria] We got schooled - We did, we did, exactly. - [Victoria] Maybe I ought to do a little pop up right here for you guys about all the things we learned about AC, in case you want to watch it. - So then you know we have the SAXDOR helm wheel here. This is kind of cool. We have our windshield wiper controls right here. - [Victoria] This looks like a car. - [Rico] It does look like a car. - [Victoria] That's funny. - [Rico] It makes so much sense. You know why? - [Victoria] Why? - We just did some crossings to The Bahamas and we got a lot of spray on the windshield, so I constantly have to do this. Click and off and on. It's really annoying when you do it for a long time. It's so comfortable just having here and just be like. - [Victoria] Click, click, click. I've never seen that before in a boat, have you? - Makes so much sense. And the speed too, you can select the speed. I've never seen like this. Love this, it's a great idea. First of all, looking at the helm, beautifully done, look at the indirect lining here. I mean, I feel like it's definitely a lot of things coming from the automotive industry, and then of course also from the bigger yachts trickling down, this is really well done. Look at the rounding here. You have the acrylic, those chart corners are flush mounted so they're not-- - [Victoria] All of this is just really nice. - [Rico] Really, really nice. Exactly. You have your automotive inspired air conditioned vents. - [Victoria] What about this Porsche inspired clock? - [Rico] Super cool, I love the clock. I do love the clock. - [Victoria] Is that digital? - [Rico] It's digital. - [Victoria] Oh, look at that. So you can also put other information on there. - [Victoria] I love it. - How do we go back to clock? - [Victoria] I don't know. - [Victoria] There we go. - Very cool, I love that clock. It's really unique. - [Victoria] They also made sure to build in vents for you to be able to vent your windshield so it's never fogging up. - Yeah, if you're really, really annoyed, you can vent as well. - [Victoria] Go ahead. - Then we have, in this case, three chart plotters plus a fourth multifunction display from SIMRAD right here. - [Victoria] All right, let's talk about the tech. - We have the Mercurys which are on there right now, have the ability to high output battery charge to your battery bank. Once you're over a certain RPM, they increase the voltage of the output and of course the wattage of the output. In this case, you can actually set these two keys here just to the accessory function and then click charge. So that becomes your generator. Once the engines have a certain temperature, they rev up to about 2000 RPMs and really, really putting out a lot of charge power, about, we looked at it earlier, it was like 5,500, almost 6,000 watt in charge power at the time. And you can do boost charge when they go a little bit higher again and even bring up over 7,000 watts in charge power. - [Victoria] And you see it all right here? - [Rico] You see it all happening. - [Victoria] We saw the whole thing happening. - [Victoria] And it was so fast. - So we're seeing our load right now, we're seeing what's coming in, what's going out. This is definitely a game changer. You do not need a generator anymore on onboard, if you have that sort of setup, your main engines become your generator. Even at anchor. When you stay overnight, you can use the battery to run your air condition, no problem at all. If it gets too low, you're gonna press it and it kicks on two of the engines, not all three actually, just the two outside ones and charges your batteries right back up in a really, really short period of time. - [Victoria] Yeah, it was impressive. - That's pretty cool. Yeah. - [Victoria] Okay, now the actual tour of the helm. - Actual tour of the helm. - [Victoria] First of all, there's this popup footrest. Really nice. There are bolster seats. Also really nice. Three of them. - [Rico] They still slide back and forth. - [Victoria] Yeah, you can tell that they go back and forth which is great. - You do have your phone charger right here, which I forgot my phone earlier on when we tried it out. It's kind of cool because they're actually magnetic so it keeps the phone in place. - [Victoria] Yeah, that's great. - Which is a challenge on a boat when you have these wireless charging stations, which don't have that magnet function. You hit a couple of waves, it moves and it stops charging. Great choice. - [Victoria] I don't know why I keep holding the camera, so-- - I don't know either. - -[Victoria] go ahead, finish the tour. - [Rico] Oh, I am finished. I showed everything. - Did you do everything? - [Rico] Yep, yeah I mean almost everything. We have a remote here for the SIMRAD, air condition control, shift throttle control, joystick with the joystick function for the outboard engines, and then our trim taps right here. And that's it. Now onto like the super unique feature, which is actually now under patent, patent pending or whatever that's called. You guys ready? This is crazy cool. I don't know if you can tell how angled and weird this setup is to actually make this door disappear like this. I can only imagine how challenging that was. So, you ready? It has to be weather tight. It has to fit, the angle has to work. I mean, for anybody who understands engineering, I mean-- - [Rico] It's a challenge. - -I understand a little bit, this seems like-- - [Rico] Because they're a different length. - It's very hard to do and I've never obviously seen this before and we probably will not because they did put patent on this. So it is an impressive feature, but allows you to have a completely open space. I'm gonna open it up so we can go forward. Ready? - [Rico] Ready. - Let's go forward. - [Rico] Lots of speakers, by the way. Everywhere, nicely built in. - Look how this door is completely... Look how they did this. Do you see it? - [Rico] You want to close it? - No, because you need to see it from this side. - [Rico] Okay. - Because right here you can tell how it's-- - [Rico] Oh, I see. - [Victoria] So when you close it, you can actually appreciate how they did that. - [Rico] Oh, there so many angles to watch out for. I mean, it's crazy. - Now onto the bow. You can right away see the incredible amount of windows everywhere. And then this here is just one giant layout cushion. But there is a high low table underneath here, so you-- - Of course close this up. You can have a proper lunch or dinner here. Tons of storage. This is storage. I'm sitting on a really deep storage. We opened it up earlier. There's popup lights. - [Rico] There are more cup holders over there. I mean, it's really well... - [Viewer] I watch your videos all the time. - [Rico] Oh, thank you, appreciate it. - Thank you for watching, appreciate it. - [Viewer] We wanna see the boat. - Awesome, you're next. As soon as we get off. Okay, see, people want to see the boat. All right, anchor locker, that's you. - I mean, again, also, you know, handrails everywhere to hold onto, super safe. Now let's open this up. And here is this very, very slick design feature of the anchor mechanism, which is tucked away completely, so you have the clean bow, like we talked already about on other SAXDORs, as you can see, the anchor shaft is completely pulled into the anchor locker. The only thing that's in the front right now is the anchor blade on the bottom. The shaft is all the way in here. So it gets deployed and comes out the front part of the bow there, and then we have the chain storage right here, chain locker, the remote switch for the anchor, and then we have an additional cap stand here up on the bow as well to pull in lines if you need to. There are also, first of all, there's a quick connect for wash down, then we have these receptacles for a bow sunshade over there. Over here, the poles go in and the sunshade goes up. - Huge shade. - [Rico] Huge shade. - Wow. - [Rico] Oh wow, look at that. Really, really, really massive LED bar. We have a low light camera, we have a radar up there and then some communication. I want to say it's probably 5G antennas. - Oh yeah, that's right. And then here, look, there's your shade, sunshade. - [Rico] Ah, okay. So it already starts here. - Correct. - [Rico] Amazing. - Huge, which is also great for the windshield protection. All right, ready? We have a companion way down. Come on in. This is going to be the biggest change because obviously this is a much bigger boat. And looking back into where we started, where we toured our very first SAXDOR, it was-- - [Rico] Was it a 32 or? - It was a-- - [Rico] 300? 320? - Oh, I forgot what it was. 320. I think it was a 320. - [Rico] 320, right? - Just looking back, it was like hull number one. The guys, I remember they were... They had that small stand in Cannes boat show and it was the very last thing. We were just were like, what is this? We jumped on and looking now what the company is, what they've become, like everything, it's just incredible, we're really happy for them. So anyway, here we have-- - [Rico] Modified queen. - Queen. Look, double mattress. So you can be very comfy. There's storage. I'm gonna open up. Look at that. - [Rico] Oh, good size. And here as well. My favorite, favorite mechanisms. Very nice. There's still like a little sitting spot here. So you can be comfortable. This is also storage. Oh, look at that. Cute little nightstand right here. And then-- - [Rico] Switch. Oh, first of all, big, big windows. Look at this. Look at the amount of light. It is fantastic. - [Rico] It is actually. And we still have a hatch here forward, which is covered by cushion right now. - [Victoria] That's right. - [Rico] Oh is it? - [Victoria] Yeah, yeah, exactly. - [Rico] Powered by cushion. But if you take the cushions off and it's not like too hot outside, you open that up, you get the nice breeze over the bow. - Totally. What's here? - [Rico] I want to say storage. Nope, not storage. Actually, breaker panel. Got the breaker panel nicely hidden away behind these doors here. But everything right there when you need it. And then this here is actually storage. Got the stereo right there. The climate control. And then we have, oh, look at this. - [Victoria] Look at this. - [Rico] A single bed. - Really nice. - [Rico] Two singles. - Yeah, it's a really good amount of space. Honestly, a pretty tall person could fit in, especially in this one. This one looks like tiny bit shorter or is it the same? - [Rico] No, they're equal. - They're equal? - [Rico] Yeah. - Okay, but what about privacy? How can we get privacy in this cabin? - [Rico] So there's something interesting here. - I know, they always have interesting stuff they come up with. - [Rico] So you open this like this. Yep. And then. - Oh this is very tall in here. - And then you open the other one. There we go. - [Victoria] Wow, I can totally change in here. Like I can totally get dressed. Look at them on a space in here. It's fantastic. - [Rico] But also like if you really have another couple or you know some friends with you, you close it up at nighttime, if somebody snores, the other one can still asleep. - They snore like you, they will hear it. - [Rico] It's still quieter. - Okay, fine. I'll give you that. Check this out. We have an en suite. There's a sink, storage. Again, my favorite mechanisms here. They even made sure to give you a little skylight here. So you still have-- - [Rico] Some natural light. - Natural light. And then we do, there's a fan, you hear it? We do have a very comfortable, one person shower, again, like a space saving door right here. Really nice job. There's just even the bench built in. Yeah, very nice, hooks. Check. - [Rico] You need them. - With that wet bikini somewhere. - [Rico] So is there something behind? Oh that storage. - Yeah, just extra storage. - [Rico] Got it. - You can put the toiletries and stuff here. Is that it? - I think that's it. - Did we finish? Oh no, it's over. Well, I hope you guys enjoyed it. There's no engine room tour in this one because-- - [Rico] Oh wait, forgot something. - [Rico] Come here. Did you see my new T-shirt? - [Victoria] Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah, turn around. - Ladies, it's a great t-shirt for boat shopping. Get one for your husband so he does not have to ask you. - I got so many comments today on this and laughs out of it, it's freaking amazing. - [Victoria] I'll put a QR code to the shop right here. And yeah, go do the comments and follows. - Okay, please do comment on every single video, like our videos. Make sure you subscribe to our channel so you don't miss a future tour. - [Victoria] See you in the next one. - Ciao. (beeping) You are not gonna believe this. Believe, believe, believe, believe, believe. You're not gonna believe believe. You're not gonna believe this. - The ultimate versatile boat. The ultimate... - [Rico] No, we can't leave that in. We can't leave that in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @matthewjsparks [1 likes]: The word you're looking for is "Fillator".😮
  2. @AaronSmith-kr5yf: So what are the running costs of gas outboards vs in the hull diesels for a boat of this type????   The fuel cost becomes a big deal, here in Tennessee, diesel is $2.00 more a gallon vs regular 87 E10 gas you put in your cars.  Most boaters run non-ethanol gas, which is $0.50 to $1.00 more a gallon than E10 87 car gas, but still a good bit cheaper than diesel.  Does the diesel economy still justify the higher fuel price???  Cause in cars like old VW diesels it no longer makes any sense because the fuel is so expensive and gas engines/hybrid powertrains are so much more efficient now days.
  3. @J0HnNySands1: that thing isnt going to get 20 ppl on it comfortabally...perhaps 10
  4. @time_on_target: Does it really have such a small fresh water tank? I was expecting at least 200 gallons for a boat that size.

Love the boat.
  5. @daraghmacgabhann: You are all insane!! These boats are excessively over priced no matter how you dress it up!
  6. @kensmith3665: I think that is a disposable boat... 5- 10 years in it may well be unmaintainable and leaking everywhere .... so very fancy for the super rich who don't care about retaining value .... Miami vice perfection though! Very cool.
  7. @crystalclearwindowsllc: why no news on your build ?
  8. @ryzendave9303: if i had the cash id buy that boat and literally live on it with my mrs once kids leave home..   crazy good use of space and very nice design
  9. @jamiefleming6229: Love this boat!
  10. @Cowdog1: That dude is one of the most fortunate dudes of all fortunate dudes.😮
  11. @user-ev2qo1hj1g: What gets me is people take their shoes off or have special shoes on board for a boat, but when they come to your nice home they have no problem walking in with dirty shoes all over your home
  12. @annie0allen: To be fair the model you reviewed is more like €728,220 with all the bells and whistles. Ordered a T-Shirt btw.
  13. @Charles53412: My favorite Yacht by far is the AB 100 - Spectre  Not only is it Luxurious, but extremely fast for it's size.
  14. @jerrydumpsdoodies1524: A boat thats 3times more than my house lol
  15. @jasonkerekesch5012: I need to find a new one but the best shirt saying that ive seen is, I can explain it to you, i just can't understand it for you.
  16. @222INFINITY: Asked a realtor, if I bring you a buyer as a non realtor what do I get? Can't pay you a commission as a non realtor. Really? Asked a ultra high end New York realtor/broker the same question. Same answer sort of, can't split my commission, but gift 20% of my take, sure, why not, 20% of 1 to 5 mill, what do you fancy? I don't know? A matching pair of G-Wagons, Boat, private jet travel, so hard to choose!!!!!!
  17. @222INFINITY: With the power of your Youtube presence, I can't see anyone beating you in charters, boat sales, property rentals and sales leads. Saxdor 460 GTC, what a perfect island jumper, like how many could you day(s) charter or sell? Big numbers!!!!!!  As you nail the different markets you can offer some amazing investment opportunities to your Patrons, maybe even subscribers? "MAYBE"👣👣👣👣
  18. @PaulFinestone-l6q: That is so not worth $550,000 with taxes.  You guys are now clearly on the corporate payroll.  Chinese boats are going to blow these boats out of the water.
  19. @Artoconnell: I love the carpets being "mats" makes life SOO much easier. Dog Friendly
  20. @MrWadwe: Yeah only....lol

- Majestic  Palm Beach 55: Kind: captions Language: en we're here on the majestic Palm Beach 55 with company owner Mark Richards he's going to tell us a little bit about this wonderful boat tombé 55 you know it's just like all of our ranges are very customized but it's a beautiful boat great size as you see the qualities you know second-to-none and it's really becoming um yeah so what one of the bespoke boats of the industry what sort of own are you getting into this sort of boat it's been really interesting it's a very diverse group of owners you know we've got people coming out of sailing bigger power boats down to this size boat smaller boats up to this size but it is very attractive to people to be out of customize their build and that's something was really specialized in and it's working really well for us

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikegutierrez552: What's the price on these beauties?

- Why is Lake Tahoe so clear?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Lake to is so clear because we have a granite Bedrock here in the Basin which doesn't break down into fine particles that can reduce the clarity of the lake we also have a watershed where a lot of water falls directly onto the lake so we don't have a lot of runoff and then we have a a system that's naturally nutrient poor so it's not feeding a lot of growth of algae one of the greatest threats to Lake to's Clarity is stormrunner pollution we've paved over a lot of our meows and wetlands with roads parking lots so now when storm water runs off it carries fine sediment pollution into Lake Tahoe Community members volunteering on our pipe Keepers Program help us identify problem pipes and advocate for solutions to storm water pollution be a part of the solution get involved in our pipek Keepers program and attend one of our trainings together we can keep Tahoe Blue

  Top Comments:
  1. @Beenherewithyou [13 likes]: My family had a cabin on South Shore while I was growing up in the ‘60’s, and my father fished the lake 2-3 times a week.  

Two things I remember:

1) being able to watch the fish “follow the lure” from about 50’ out - the water was so clear, you would sometimes yank on the fishing pole in advance of a strike

2) motoring through Emerald Bay and being able to see small rocks on the lake floor maybe 100’ deep

I’ll never forget that...60 years ago
  2. @jonnyw.2333 [6 likes]: Shouldn’t it be Keep Tahoe Clear?
  3. @papagen00 [5 likes]: "objects can be seen to depths of over 70 feet..." 
in 1960 they could be seen over 100 feet.
  4. @johnwilliams640 [3 likes]: Beautiful area been to Lake Tahoe when I was stationed in Fallon Nevada back In 69/70. Sure do miss that area.
  5. @janetpattison8474 [2 likes]: I’ve been to Lake Tahoe many times, and hiked & walked  in areas close to the lake. It’s always shocking to see how much dog poop is left on or near sidewalks, walkways and trails.  In Europe they have a gr8 method of tracking the irresponsible offenders, the dog owners.  The Municipalities collect DNA from every dog, So when a pile of dog doo is found, the authorities can easily find out which dog it belongs to and who the owners are & they are fined heavily. This is what we need in the US. It’s disgusting and ridiculous that some dog owners refuse to pick up their dog crap & get away with it.  And this disease causing waste finds its way to Lake Tahoe in run-off.
  6. @avalon1rae [2 likes]: Its because local residents have to clean up after the human pigs.
  7. @jenikaybee8979: I remember seeing a National Geographic Magazine spotlight on Tahoe’s awesome sewage treatment process. This was many many years ago. A gentleman dressed in a lab coat like a scientist is holding up a beaker filled with treated water…and claimed it was pretty much drinkable.
  8. @MichaelMartin-pc2ex: No fish. Where are the fish?
  9. @petemitchell6788: Mussel infestation is why it’s so clean. 😉
  10. @stephaniemamatree5973: We hav two lakes in my state that r clear like that..as clear as the Caribbean..🤫
  11. @thelightofthebodyispineal7137: How deep is the deepest part of the Lake!!
  12. @tonyrollman3991: Treasure !!!!
  13. @jefflong8449: Its not you should have seen it 50 years ago!!!
  14. @ThomasPhillips-b5j: I loved the part on the beginning of the video where the waterline was showing when going underwater slower to see a crystal clear waterline!  I just loved it!😘💕❤️🥰😘💕❤️🥰😘💕❤️🥰😘💕❤️🥰😘💕❤️🥰😘💕❤️🥰
  15. @richardruss7481: Don't you mean why did lake tahoe USED to be so clear.
  16. @sarahparkes1547: This is what lake Huron use to look like but in a matter of 40 years industries and large commercial ships have managed to ruin it there is nothing but a brown slimy algae left on the shore line
  17. @bigfits: Because it is snow water and it is called flau water..
..and other things....calcium h20...not so good to drink...I learned all this in Glacier National Park from o e of the Ranger talks...on orientation.
  18. @jerrybenton8068: I know the dam on the Truckee river in Tahoe City is there for flood control for Reno, but if that dam was removed the lake would flush itself naturally.  The water would be clear and alot of rich peoples boat docks would be high and dry a good part of the year.
  19. @avalon1rae: The Government has spent 50 billion dollars since 1965 and they think that diverting mother nature's rivers path is a noble cause.Poverty with a view.Do conservatives exist in our forestry departments, NOPE Tahoe is full of liberal progressive morons .
  20. @hunterbeastbynongeman105: Wow Ganda. I send you already my support.I hope you do the same.thank you.

- A deeper look at the no-so clear Lake Tahoe: Kind: captions Language: en OU NOTICE IS A VERY DRAMATIC CHANGE IN LAKE CLARITY. LAKE TAHOE IS A PARADISE FOR KAYAKERS AND WATER-LOVERS EVERYWHERE. >> IT'S JUST BEAUTIFUL. IT'S JUST AMAZING, RESTFUL, CALMING BUT GORGEOUS. IT'S A WONDERFUL PLACE TO BE. MIKE: THIS COBALT MOUNTAIN LAKE IS KNOWN FOR IT'S BLUE COLOR. BUT SCIENTISTS FROM UC DAVIS HAVE DISCOVERED THE WATER CLARITY AT LAKE TAHOE DROPPED NEARLY 17 FEET LAST SUMMER COMPARED TO THE YEAR BEFORE. >> WE BELIEVE THAT'S ATTRIBUTABLE LARGELY TO CLIMATE CHANGE. MIKE: GEOFF SCHLADOW HAS BEEN STUDYING THE LAKE FOR YEARS AS DIRECTOR AT UC DAVIS' TAHOE ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROJECT. THE LAKE IS A BIT CLOUDIER HE TOLD US BECAUSE IT IS WARMER NOW COMPARED TO 50 YEARS AGO. >> WITH OUR LONGER SUMMERS NOW, THE LAKE STARTS TO WARM MUCH EARLIER. AND WHEN IT WARMS THAT LIGHT WATER FLOATING AT THE TOP HELPS TRAP LIGHT ALGAE THERE. MIKE: AND THAT ALGAE SCATTERS THE LIGHT ENTERING THE LAKE,MAKING IT LESS CLEAR. A DISAPPOINTMENT TO SOME OF THE KAYAKERS TODAY VISITING THE LAKE FROM OUT OF STATE. >> THAT'S SO SAD TO THINK THAT IT COULD EVEN GET WORSE. AND I JUST HOPE THAT IT COULD STAY THIS BEAUTIFUL. MIKE: STORM WATER POLLUTION IS A BIG CONCERN HERE BUT ENVIRONMENTALISTS ARE WORKING WITH GOVERNMENT AGENCIES TO MAKE IMPROVEMENTS, INCLUDING RESTORATIONS PROJECTS TO WETLANDS AND CAPTURING CONTAMINANTS BEFORE THEY ENTER THE LAKE. >> THAT'S KEEPING THOUSANDS OF POUNDS OF STORM WATER POLLUTION AND FINE SEDIMENT PARTICLES THAT

- The Hidden Threat to Lake Tahoe: Kind: captions Language: en I think the biggest misconception that people have about Lake Tyler that is that everything's perfect. I mean, it's hard not to think everything's perfect when you look around here, but it's actually that beauty that hides the threat. My name is Jesse Patterson. I'm the chief strategy officer for Keep Tahoe Blue. And I've been fortunate enough to be working to protect this lake for the last 13 years. And it's a dream job, greatest job in the world. I get to use all my passion and everything I enjoy doing, but do it in a way that makes sure we protect it for future generations. The blue of Lake Tahoe means everything. Without it, none of us would be here. And actually, the bless reflects how clean and pure the water is, cuz the clear it is, the deeper blue it gets. So, when I come here and I see this blue pure water, I know that I'm in my happy place. We've been aware of the threat of aquatic invasive species for several decades now, but mostly we thought they were only coming in on motorized boats. And just recently, we've realized with the introduction of New Zealand mud snails and the threat of golden muscles on our doorstep that they can get in on non-motorized boats, which means all the things we like to play with out at Lake Tahoe, from fishing gear to wet suits to paddle boards to floaties. So, every time you get in or out of the water, even just on something as simple as a beach walk or just playing, you could accidentally introduce something and that'll turn that clear water green and then that'll spread into the center of the lake. So, Keep Tahoe Blue created a program in 2013 called Eyes on the Lake that looks to get ahead of that. It's protect while you play. Come out, have fun on the water, but there's a couple easy steps you can take to make sure you're not accidentally introducing that next invasive species. So, when you're out on a boat or out deep in the lake and you see something floating around out here that doesn't look right, we actually like you to pick that up, take a photo of it with your smartphone, and send it to us on our Eyes on the Lake app, so we can make sure that those invasive species aren't spreading all over the lake. We created a wall of bubbles or a bubble curtain across the two channels to the Tahoe Keys, which are ground zero for aquatic invasive species spreading into Lake Tahoe. And we've been testing these bubble curtains in the channels of the Taho Keys since 2018, looking at different mechanisms and different ways to stop the weeds, but allow the boats so we can protect while we play. And the beauty of science is it can show you problems before you can see them with your own eyes. Cuz by the time you see green, nasty water or a bunch of invasive species taking over the beach. Undoing that's nearly impossible. We do eyes on the lake trainings where we invite the public and volunteers and employees at different marinas to come on in so we can teach them how to identify invasive species. This program is focused on the fun of Lake Tahoe while you are also focusing on the importance of protecting Lake Tahoe which is really great. Protect while we play is the Eisen Lake slogan which I think embodies it very well. The interactions can go a variety of different ways. is I would say the average is people when you approach them are very curious. They're like, "Okay, who are you? Why are you talking to me?" And once you kind of break down that barrier of, "Hey, you're not in trouble." But here's something that you can do to help keep Lake Tahoe beautiful. Definitely bring their guard down, which is wonderful. I think a lot of people who recreate here want to do the right thing, but they don't always know what that means, especially when it comes to invasive species. It's a very unknown threat, which is why we are out here talking about it. When you tell people what clean drain dry is, what invasive species are, they're very open and willing to help. Every time you're playing on the water, every time you're floating in the river, just do that. Clean, drain, dry, and it goes a very, very long way to protecting the lake. >> The most important thing you can do to protect Lake Tahoe forever is think about your individual impact and how to lessen that. And at Keep Taho, we make that easy by making the right choice the easy choice. So you can come here and have fun hiking, skiing, boating, whatever you love to do here, knowing it's done in a way that will protect it for future generations.

  Top Comments:
  1. @travisk5589: IF we truly want to protect tahoe, then we should close all the beaches on holiday weekends. Especially people from anywhere west or south of sacramento
  2. @sawittwo: Lake Tahoe is Beautiful. Wow!
  3. @FreedomAtRisk: Tahoe Keys eminent domain now
  4. @FreedomAtRisk: CLOSE THE KEYS

- Tahoe Science Center Research Vessel - Atmospheric Deposition: Kind: captions Language: en all right we just pulled up to tahoe bowie number one this is where we have our atmospheric deposition station and these buoys are shared between nasa jpl and uc davis collecting a lot of data about the surface temperatures of time but also what lands on the surface of tahoe and that's what i'm going to be sampling today all right up here on top of the buoy we have our dry deposition bucket what we do is we fill this with deionized water and then any atmospheric depositions of particles dust things that are traveling out across the lake from the air end up falling into this bucket we take the water back and analyze it in our chem lab so that's this bucket here and right now because it's winter time you can see it's full of ice the bucket i pulled off the buoy i put inside this bag so it doesn't get contaminated while we're driving around the lake and the water in here is going to get thawed out back at the chemistry lab and then we'll be looking at the nitrogen and phosphorus that is contained in this water and that is the additions of nutrients that fall on the lake surface that end up stimulating algal growth okay so over here on this side we have our wet deposition this is basically just a gigantic rain gauge and we have this plastic tube filled with a clean plastic bag so we removed this and we'll see if we got any precipitation out here and we did so not a lot of precipitation from the last storm um but we typically see there's a big rain shadow that goes across the lake so the west shore definitely gets more snow and rain than we do out here in the middle of the lake and the middle gets more than the east shore so there's a rain shadow effect all the way across the lake so that bag that i just collected will go back to our laboratories we'll figure out exactly how much snow or rain we got in that last storm i'm just going to replace it with a clean bag it slides back into the tube have a little luck we'll have another storm in just a few days you

- Yearlong Lake Tahoe underwater cleanup wraps up: Kind: captions Language: en there are a lot of special places in the world but it's hard to find some place that is as gorgeous as lake tahoe and that's because of the lake a lot of places have big mountains a lot of places have snow-capped mountains no one has a lake lake lake tahoe wrapped around snow-capped mountains really nice garage all right let's go team it's been a year it's been uh you know hundreds of of dive days probably close to a thousand tanks of air and we've pulled 25 000 pounds of trash and debris out of the lake uh it's it's been a year it's flown by it is bittersweet to see it coming to an end as this has been part of everyday life for us this year inspiring because a relatively few people made this giant impact i mean we've undone 40 or 50 years of human impact on lake tahoe in one year and our mission is to fight back against plastic and all forms of pollution both above and below the surface and there was no better way that we could do that rather than tackling an entire circumnavigated cleanup of the united states largest alpine lake and last but not least we're going to expand to our neighbors down in mammoth lakes and go say hello down south and uh clean up june lake this summer as well and and start to build a presence and use our resources for for bettering other communities as well we always think of tahoe as the leader in innovation and sustainability so it makes perfect sense that this team would try out all these methods they would clean up the entire lake they would learn so much along the way and now they can take all of that learning all the skills that they've built up to lakes all around the world

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnmillman2048 [3 likes]: Homeless encampments along streams and waterways make this look like a clean room environment.
  2. @jackiefitzpatrick2906 [2 likes]: Thanks to all of you for trying to keep Tahoe clean. We know it's a lot of work.
  3. @robertahearn4489: Tyvm To these great people who put in the work to do this these are great feats of humanity that want to preserve our habitats for us and the animals alike 👊🏽🙏🏽🤲🏽🇺🇸💯
  4. @Chris.Davies: Yeah, Queenstown has a lake wrapped by snow-capped mountains. 100% of it.
  5. @leannelake6997: Thank you.

- Inside the U.S. Naval Academy | What Makes Annapolis So Elite?: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat drum music) - We develop midshipmen morally, mentally and physically, and we graduate leaders to serve the nation. (upbeat violin music) So when a Midshipmen comes to the Naval Academy, one of the first things that they memorize is how many times a day they should say... - [Group] Beat Army! - We have a ton of resources to help our students to succeed here. - Today, I'm here in Annapolis, Maryland to bring you inside the gates of the United States Naval Academy. Not only is it one of the most prestigious colleges in the country, but it also serves as the training grounds for future officers in the US Navy and Marine Corps. We'll be doing a deep dive into the traditions, the facilities, the midshipmen, to learn what goes on here at one of the nation's most iconic and historic military service academies. (group cheering) - You always feel that sense of home and that sense of belonging right back where you came from. - It's a great spot to be if you're an athletic fan. - And everyone here at the Naval Academy is about the people. And our graduates are very successful in finding jobs and satisfying future careers beyond here. - Just to see the brigade of midshipman as a whole was something I'll never forget. - It's currently 7:55 in the morning, and I'm standing here on the T-Court, one of the most iconic locations on the Naval Academy yard. And in just about five minutes at precisely eight o'clock in the morning, the American flag will be raised and the national anthem will play. All military members are required to stop activities, come to attention, and salute the American flag. Now, for all the midshipmen here at the Naval Academy, starting every morning by honoring the American flag is a reminder of why they serve. And for me, it's a tradition I never get tired of seeing. (bright trumpet music) Flag's been raised. Morning classes are now in session. Our day here at the Naval Academy is now officially underway. - Mission of the United States Naval Academy is memorized by all midshipmen. We develop midshipmen morally, - [Personnel] So these newly commissioned officers will now go on to serve our country, some in the US Navy, others in the US Marine Corps. - The Naval Academy does a couple of different things. It provides an undergraduate education like all colleges and universities, but we're also preparing midshipmen for the job that we know that they're gonna have as soon as they graduate, and that is gonna be to be a naval officer in the Navy or Marine Corps. And we do have a rank structure. Our freshmen, we call plebes, and that is they are learning how to become basically trained midshipmen and be a member of the brigade. - Plebes have a lot of very specific rules that they have to follow that are different from the upper class. Some of them include chopping, squaring their corners, and they're not allowed to use the curved pathways here. - Sir, beat Army, sir! - Ma'am, go Navy, ma'am! - By the time they're sophomores, we call them youngsters. They're third class midshipmen. By the time you're a junior, a second class midshipman. You've been through the cycle two years now and you're preparing everybody else underneath you. And by the time you're a senior, a first class midshipman called a firstie. You are responsible for the entirety of everybody underneath your command, their performance and their wellbeing. The brigade has a very clear structure to it. There's one brigade of midshipmen, that is everybody from there where it's split into two regiments. Each regiment has three battalions for a total of six, and each battalion now has six companies for a total of 36 companies. Within a company, you have four platoons. Each has a platoon commander. Within a platoon, you have three squads. And that is really our smallest defined unit, is a squad. No more than 12 midshipmen with a senior squad leader. You have some fire team leaders, some youngster mentors, and then of course the plebes. - Companies are like the best part about the Naval Academy. They become your family over the course of four years. You stay with the company that you're in for the rest of your time at the academy, and you train with them. You do everything together, so you really become a family. - We do have a lot of traditions here at the Naval Academy. It's just part of what creates the feel of the naval service. The climbing of a Herndon monument tradition is a big step to end the plebe year. - [Announcer] Don't get distracted! Don't get distracted! - And there's a specific company that will put lard all over this monument and is up to them to take the dixie cover off the top of the monument and put the normal combination cover on top. - Bring it! - Once they do this, then they are officially plebes no more. (crowd cheering) - My class actually has the longest record on time. Four hours, five minutes, and 17 seconds. Plebe year is really, really hard, and it's nice to have one final challenge as a class that you get to do together with everybody else around the monument. A very clear ending where there are no more plebes after those covers change over from the plebe cover to the midshipman combination cover. - Traditions are such a cornerstone to the Naval Academy. They really help boost morale and they just bring a sense of belonging to the entire brigade of midshipmen as well as the alumni, so that when you come back, you always feel that sense of home and that sense of belonging right back where you came from. - Right now, I'm standing on the steps of Bancroft Hall, probably the most iconic building here on the Naval Academy. It's where the entire brigade of over 4,000 midshipmen eat, sleep, and live. Spanning a massive 1.4 million square feet, Bancroft Hall is the largest single dormitory in the world. Now you see those fancy doors right there? Well, tradition goes that only graduates of the Naval Academy may enter Bancroft Hall using the front door. So I'm gonna find a side entrance and then I'll see you inside because this building is truly something else. Upon entering Bancroft Hall, you immediately find yourself staring up into the massive rotunda. Up the large center staircase will bring you to Memorial Hall, which honors Naval Academy graduates who have lost their lives in service to their country. Now, because this building is so large, it's probably more appropriate to talk about it in terms of acres instead of square feet. 33 to be exact, including 4.8 miles of passageways, known here as P-ways, that connect the eight different wings and five floors altogether. And with the 1,639 dorm rooms and 4,663 beds, it makes sense that Bancroft Hall is the largest dormitory in the world. I'm standing in the hallway of 20th company, one of 36 companies that make up the brigade, each with roughly 130 midshipmen equally comprised of the four classes. Now, if you look behind me, you can see the dorm rooms lie on each side where midshipmen are required to live for the four years that they're here. And I believe we're gonna get a tour inside to see what dorm life is like - [Midshipman] Hi, welcome in. - Thank you. - These are the Bancroft Hall rooms. (upbeat rock music) This is a standard three-man layout. So there's three people living in here. Our room is currently in the Bravo inspection standards, which is no gear adrift, beds made with hospital corners, six inches. - Yeah, so it actually looks pretty spacious. This is three men you said. So are there four, five, six? - How much does it go up? - Yes. - So we have two mans, three mans, four, and up to six mans. The six mans end up having two bathrooms. - Well, is this rare to have this absolutely gorgeous view of T-Court dribbling walk? You got two windows, corner office here. - Yeah, it's one of the firstie perks of having a good view, being able to have a fridge, all the small furniture that make it a little more homey than a normal like military academy dorm. - So I've always been fascinated by the different uniforms you get to wear as midshipmen. We got 'em laid out here. Can you give us a quick run through? - Yeah, so this is our summer whites. This is our formal uniform for the months of May to October. So we're about to transition into our SDBs. I'm currently wearing our working blues, which is our daily working uniform, only really worn to class. This is our parade uniform. So these are used for formal parades. We then have our choker whites, our commissioning uniform. So everyone's excited to put those on. - Yeah, the iconic one. - And we sometimes wear them for more formal events as well. And then we have our NWUs, the Navy working uniform. This is, we only wear them on tactical Thursdays here, but obviously, in the fleet, we'll wear them a bit more frequently. And then our service dress blues, our SDBs are our winter service dress uniforms. So in the beginning of October, we will start wearing those for the wintertime. And then, lastly, is our blue and golds. - Track suit. - Our track suit. - So we get to wear these after 18:30 at night. More comfy uniform we can wear to dinner or the classrooms for tutoring, things like that. - So with over 4,000 midshipmen all living in the same building, that means you need a lot of support with things like laundry. It might not be the first thing that comes to mind when you think Naval Academy, but tucked away in the basement of Bancroft Hall is the services division, which play an integral role in every midshipman's life. And when you take a look at the numbers, well, it's pretty mind blowing. The laundry and dry cleaning service washes and cleans 1.5 million pounds of clothing every year, the tailor shop alters 160,000 uniform items, and the barbershop gives 25,000 haircuts in a single semester. However, the one service I found particularly interesting is one you might not expect. This is the cobbler shop, one of the hidden gems at the Naval Academy where they can repair your boots, your shoes, purses, backpacks, and other items for both midshipmen and faculty and staff. Now, from what I've been told, it gets pretty busy down here, especially with all the physical and military training. The wear and tear on your favorite pair of sneakers, well, it's a lot. Well, I'm here with Carlos, who's a cobbler at the Naval Academy. Been working here for over a decade. If you had to guess, how many pairs of shoes do you think you repair here a year? - Re-sole about 3,000 or so. - 3,000. - And I see all of these machines everywhere. - [Carlos] Yes. - Can you touch on a few of them? Well, we got the heel machines over on this side. We got the interstitial on that side and the press over there. We got the main machine, the finisher over there in the front. - And what we haven't mentioned yet is, how many people are on your staff? - Me, just me. - Just you. - Well, I'm sure the entire brigade is super appreciative of all that you do. - I hope so 'cause I try to do the best I can do for 'em. You know, if they need me, I'm here. - Now in addition to being a training ground US Navy and Marine Corps, every single midshipman who throws their hat in the air on graduation day also receives a Bachelor of Science degree. Academics play a vital role and both the curriculum and the academic facilities are what we're gonna check out next. - We have small class sizes, we have a ton of resources to help our students to succeed here. And everyone here at the Naval Academy is about the people. Everyone is focused on the development of the young men and women here to be future leaders for our nation. - The professors here are so willing to help you. Everybody wants to see you succeed. Yes, the academics are hard, but the teachers here work so diligently to make sure that you understand the material that you're learning. - Our academic program is largely divided into three schools. We have a School of Humanities and Social Sciences, the School of Mathematics and Science, and the School of Engineering, Computing, and Weapons. And then we also have a Department of Leadership Ethics and Law that has classes and a Department of Seamanship and Navigation. - [Student] One, five, zero. - Many benefits to the education here. The free tuition is definitely the first thing that certainly the parents think about when they're thinking about the Naval Academy. It's actually a step beyond the free tuition because they're paid when their student's here and they have a guaranteed job. So we hire all of our graduates here, but even while you're here, you're getting a skillset that really translates well into any future career. And our graduates, even if they don't choose to stay in the service beyond their service obligation, are very successful in finding jobs - Now hold up just a second because I wanna thank SoFi for sponsoring the next section of this video. As a veteran-led organization, SoFi proudly supports both current and former military members with their financial goals. I've actually been using SoFi myself for the last couple of years and have had nothing but good experiences with them. If you've served in the military and have considered buying a home, you've probably heard of the VA loan, a benefit most military members are aware of, but don't know exactly how it works, myself included. That's where SoFi's VA home loans come into play. They'll help walk you through the entire process, making it easier for you to qualify for lower interest rates with zero down payment, will help you save on fees, and will ensure you have access to a dedicated mortgage loan officer to answer any questions that you have. Now what I'm most excited about is that SoFi is giving away up to $50,000 to help pay the rent or mortgage of one of our military heroes for one year. I mean, that's pretty sick. Now to enter, you can click the link down in the description below or head to sofi.com/WinVA and follow all onscreen instructions to view your VA home loan mortgage rate. It takes just minutes to enter and explore your options and it won't affect your credit score whatsoever. So with that, a big thanks to SoFi. And now, let's get back to the video. (upbeat guitar music) Welcome to the Naval Academy's Robert Crown Sailing Center, home to what I think is one of the coolest classes midshipmen get to take during their time here. So this is the Naval Academy after all, and people wanna know, do they actually learn to sail while they're here? - Absolutely. So during plebe summer, every midshipman comes to the Naval Academy before the academic year to start what we call plebe summer. And during that time, they learn how to march, drill, and everything else to include learn how to sail. So they spend 12 hours on the water in our boats, learning basic points of sail, how to attack, how to jive, and they learn that from midshipmen who are most recently graduated from the Naval Academy. - And there's a lot of crew fields in the Navy. Some might not actually go to be on ships, but why is it important to start with that foundation and learn how to sail while they're here? - So our theory is if every marine is a rifleman, every sailor should be a sailor. So we teach them basic fundamentals of how to sail and it's life skills that they can take with them. It's followership, how to take orders. - Now while the sailing center provides an introduction to seamanship, the maritime opportunities midshipmen have doesn't stop there. The Naval Academy also operates a division of 108 foot yard patrol craft known as YPs. These vessels provide at-sea training in a realistic environment, teaching midshipmen naval tactics, communications, and other maritime procedures, which many will then go on to use upon entering the active duty fleet after graduation. So there aren't many colleges where part of your curriculum is actually going underway on a ship like this. For those who are watching and haven't experienced that, what is that like? - It's honestly one of my favorite parts of the Naval Academy. I remember my plebe year going out on the water and I was always so excited to be able to do that and come out here and actually get experience out on the water. - Now one thing I learned quite quickly during my visit to the Naval Academy is that traditions play a massive role in both the midshipman experience and the morale of the brigade. Just take the Beat Army culture, for example, something that around here is a big deal. Can you talk about the Beat Army culture here at the Naval Academy? - [Announcer] Here's what we've been waiting for, Carter. And here come the midshipmen of Navy from Annapolis. And from West Point, the Black Knights of Army. - Army is our closest friend, 364 days a year. - [Sam] And that one day? - That one day is the Army-Navy game, and then all bets are off and game on. - [Announcer] And the FA-18 Super Hornets overhead and the Chinook and Apache helicopters out with their team. - The Beat Army culture is infused in everything we do. Beat Army! - So when midshipmen comes how many times a day they should say beat Army. - In the end, we have, you know, teams that become national champions, but in the end, if you didn't beat Army, it's still considered a losing season. - We do an extra pushup to beat Army, we do an extra sit-up to beat Army, and it's a rivalry that just goes since our founding. That's who we wanna beat every year in every sport. - So it's definitely clear that traditions play a huge role. However, one of the most time honored traditions is one we've yet to talk about, and it happens at lunchtime. It's called noon meal formation, where the entire brigade assembles in front of Bancroft Hall to march together to eat. - [Leader] Ready, execute! - [Group] Sir, you now have 12 minutes till noon meal formation! Brigades goes outside T-Court at 12:05! - So what you just heard is what's known as chow call, where the plebes line up on each side of the hallway and recite things like the time until the noon formation, the menu for the noon meal, the uniform of the day, and a lot more that I can barely make out. They start at 15 minutes out from formation and recite it every minute up until five minutes. Then it's hurry up and get out to the T-Court before the call to attention is made. (upbeat trumpet music) ♪ Baba bing, bada boom ♪ - Welcome to King Hall, the Naval Academy's 55,000 square foot dining facility that serves the brigade of midshipment for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Every day, the team of cooks and wait staff serve 13,500 meals for the roughly 4,500 midshipmen seated at the 392 tables spread across the dining hall. - Everybody kind of funnels in through the two main doors, walks down the stairs, comes down the big stairs here, immediately knows where their company area is and where their table's gonna be. - So we just sat down, everything is very hectic, and apparently, they, eat, finish, get outta here, and onto the next classes in like 15 to 20 minutes. And crazy operation, very efficient, and a lot of hungry midshipmen. - And it's definitely enough time to be able to sit down, eat, have a little conversation with your squad or whoever you're sitting with, and then get right back out to whatever the next thing you need to do is for the day. - [Sam] So we've covered both academics and the importance of military training but there is one final pillar that remains crucial to the Midshipman curriculum. Welcome to Navy athletics. ♪ All eyes on the way I thought ♪ ♪ When I walk into the room ♪ ♪ Wind blows underneath the soles ♪ ♪ In my brand new pair of shoes ♪ - The physical education curriculum here at the Naval Academy is super important to the development of leaders. Being at the Naval Academy, we have three semesters of swimming, we have a combatives class, everybody has to box, everybody has to wrestle. And we also have a personal conditioning class in there as well. So it's well-rounded. Naval Academy has 36 intercollegiate sports. We range from everything with 36 and we have sailing, rifle, crew, triathlon. It's a great spot to be The physical readiness test, which we call the PRT, it's given every semester while you're here at the Naval Academy and you're expected to pass. The PRT here at the Naval Academy consists of a mile and a half run, two minutes of pushups, and a plank hold with a max score at four minutes and 20 seconds. - Now outside of the mandatory PE classes and intercollegiate teams, the Naval Academy also offers a dozen competitive club sports, including lacrosse and the midshipmen pistol team. There's also more than 70 extracurricular activities available for midshipmen to explore their personal interests, develop additional skills, and build connections with their fellow classmates. One of my favorites, The Masqueraders, an all midshipmen drama and theater club, and one of the oldest clubs here at the Academy. - Masqueraders were officially found in 1907. And so it's the oldest extracurricular activity here on the yard. But we trace our roots back to 1846 where an early performance happened in downtown Annapolis that actually was derailed after a little too much celebration. (Sam chuckling) - And so why is it important, I mean, to have a club like this on the yard? You know, people, I don't think Naval Academy think this is something midshipmen can do, but they can. - Right. No, I think it's a really important club because it gives them an outlet outside of their typical STEM technology-focused education to do something else, but also to explore the human side of being an officer and explore what other people's views are by enacting that on the stage. - Now what I think is probably one of the coolest perks of the Naval Academy is its proximity to Downtown Annapolis. In less than a mile, you'll find yourself in the heart of historic downtown with more restaurants and bars and activities than you can possibly imagine. (inspiring music) As you walk the cobblestone streets, you see Navy flags outside the houses, Navy alumni who've moved back and now call Annapolis home. It definitely feels like a college town. But one of the biggest traditions that takes place here in Downtown Annapolis happens before the start of every football season and I think perfectly sums up the relationship this town has with the Naval Academy. - To feel the community next to you and to see the way that they lined up to support the brigade of midshipmen was just so special. And that feeling of community around you and the energy and the excitement for the first home game, but also just to see the brigade of midshipmen (light piano music) - Welcome to Navy Marine Corps Memorial Stadium, home to Navy midshipmen football, and one of the most historic college football programs in the country. And there have been some pretty big names that have come through here, including quarterback Roger Staubach, the 1963 Heisman Trophy award winner and two-time Super Bowl champion. Now if you've never been to a Service Academy football game, the atmosphere, it's electric. ♪ I was created to be a legend ♪ ♪ Cosigning myself when I need credit ♪ - And the pre-game festivities rival any of the top football ♪ I'm trying to go ♪ ♪ I don't need to race ♪ ♪ Swallow your pride if you need a beverage ♪ - It's a great way to see the brigade as a whole come together for Navy football and to cheer them on. - Fire! (upbeat electronic music) - Now I can't think of a better way to close out this video than with the men, the myths, the legends themselves, Bill and Benny the goat, the official mascots of the Naval Academy midshipmen. We've also got the goat handlers here who are in charge of tending to their every needs. Now let's bring it in. I say that we let Bill close this one out. Couldn't have said it better myself. Thanks for tuning in. We'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamEckholm [885 likes]: U.S. Air Force Academy ☑
U.S. Naval Academy ☑
I think I might know the answer... but where should I tour next? 👀
  2. @TheC1kabar [3 likes]: Sadly, it remains to be woke.
  3. @danp2553 [2 likes]: The vast majority of the people here and at West Point are White. They will eventually serve and protect this country. By comparison, nearly everyone on the streets who is burning the American flag while flying theirs is not White. They are illegal immigrants and people from other parts of the world who are here only to take advantage of the benefits of this country. That's how bad the Democrats have f**ked up this nation.
  4. @georgelevin6134 [1 likes]: Joe Biden allowed and approved of drag queen shows at the Academy.
  5. @lilhayes7732: Damn I’m bout to join the navy at 32
  6. @AlphaWiskey88: Let me tell you about the time...Falcons crushed midshipmen in F-ball.  I must add, the Civilians in Maryland do treat the 'shipmen and the AF Falcon Visitors with huge respect.  God Bless the Midshipmen and all of Annapolis in general.  Go AF!  Beatdown Army and Navy.
  7. @Jurisdoctorsosh: Iranian Canadian veteran here.  I wish I could have served the USA military.  Thank you for helping liberate Iran in these years ❤
  8. @مسلميونس-ذ1ج: هاي اشبه بالدعارة
  9. @مسلميونس-ذ1ج: الموت لامريكا الموت للصهاينة
  10. @YeoFamily-m9t: Americanism is dying
  11. @avelinomaximilianoorozcofl2447: Para dejar de ser plebes tienen que jugar y ganar palo encebado
  12. @dennisrod5808: As a Marine and Structures Engineer, I wish the Marine Corps had a dedicated academy as well. I served on the enlisted side and went on to pursue my degree outside of the military. I would have gone to an academy and get commissioned instead. Great piece of video, though you left out a very important part. Enlisted Marines train these future squids, and there is a reason for that. Kudos to all that have made it to and through this prestigious academy, especially our Marine officers. Semper Fi.
  13. @thepointmanofzerodarkthirty: #blueballs
  14. @robertzlatkovskiy7645: My son is a ranked competitive swimmer and wants to go to USNA. HOORA!!!
  15. @AbdulmalikUsman-f2z: Great job, this video was very useful!
  16. @Геннадий-ж4г6о: Бабы раздражают.Это первейший признак будушей катастрофы.Не обманывайтесь.Все встанет на свои места,как при земной жизни Христа.
Армия и Флот не совместимы с менструацией.
  17. @MrNvtty: BANG-CROFT hall... you say it like 6 different ways in one minute dude...
  18. @imterpsfan2: I live in Annapolis and I'll see midshipman out and about with their computers.  They're really serious about their studies and have very busy schedules.  That said, I sincerely hope they enjoy their time here.  They are doing the country proud that's for sure.  Both of my parents worked at the Naval Academy.  I was able to visit Bancroft Hall several times (not the dorms).
  19. @eddiespain2410: My best friend for many years before he passed on was a Retired Naval Commander who had attended Annapolis. A most honest honorable man I had never met up until he and I paired off... We did a lot of Camping Trips to relieve the stress our jobs caused us. Together we were able to share our various skills with each other. What I didn't know he did and what he didn't know, I did. During Vietnam he Captained a number of River Boats and saw some really violent combat situations. When he retired, he went to work for a Naval Command of some kind, and the results of his and others work can be seen to this day on Naval Ships. I never knew his job, and he never talked about it until I found out after his passing..  It was a joy to lay out in our sleeping bags on the Desert floor and have him teach me about all the systems in the sky...in turn I taught him about all the eatable plants and how to find water in the Desert and the Mountains...  A truer friend I have never had before and since...
  20. @JAGMAN904: 2:39 I was Midshipman Ruiz' mothers Leading Petty Officer when she was on active duty.  So proud of that family.  Midn Ruiz sister is also a midshipman

- SAILING A CATAMARAN Newport to Annapolis Via NYC - A DREAM TRIP | Harbors Unknown Ep. 47: Kind: captions Language: en we were passing under the newport bridge for the last time for the foreseeable future taking with us sweet memories of friends new and old and experiences we'll treasure for a lifetime forging a new path ahead to the annapolis sailboat show where we'll share wanderlust with thousands of people and participate in the youtube sailing channel booth to connect with the sailing community but before the show we have quite a few boat projects to tackle and we're scheduled to haul the boat in just one week our autopilot did not arrive in newport as planned so we're hand steering and we'll stop each night to rest we plan to sail up long island sound to the east river through new york city then make our way down to the delaware bay and through the c canal to the chesapeake timing is tight so fingers crossed we'll make it in time i'm kristin this is fabio and this is our dog yoda we sold our home last year and moved aboard our sewen 1600 catamaran wanderlust over the past year we've sailed the waters of south florida the keys and the bahamas shaking down our new boat we're now setting off on our journey to harbors unknown exploring the world and connecting with people and places through the local cuisine subscribe now to join our voyage [Music] you're a lonely sailor and your soul is made hey won't you come is and you'll never find yourself in love you're wise enough we anchored off of truman beach near the eastern end of long island sound and took yoda ashore to run around a bit what we thought was a sand beach was actually white rocks and we left our shoes on board so we sat on a massive piece of driftwood enjoying the sunset while she ran around we were soon joined by a family that lived nearby and enjoyed chatting with them the next morning we resumed our journey and continued heading for new york city today we're making our way through new york city and we are so excited this is like a dream come true we're of course a bit anxious as well just because there's so many currents and you know expecting lots of boat traffic with barges but overall just super excited and we cannot wait to share this journey with you guys let me check that's the house gate bridge okay let's get ready so 1.6 knots of current behind us 16.95 yep now oh hal gate is a narrow tidal strait located in the east river in between queens and wards island at the center of a confluence of the new york upper bay long island sound and the hudson river via the harlem river it was originally named heligot or hell gate by the dutch explorer adrian block in 1614. since that time hundreds of ships have sunk in the narrow channel some historians believe that one in 50 ships trying to run the gauntlet of hell's gate was either damaged or sunk with up to 1 000 ships running aground annually in hell's gate prior to the 1850s during the late 19th century the us army corps of engineers began to blow up the rocks and reefs which plagued the treacherous tidal straight to make it a safer passage however currents can run up to six knots at times and tugs with barges under tow can suddenly appear around the sharp bends of the channel adding to that is the possibility of steep five-foot waves near the 59th street bridge due to the upwelling caused by the subway tunnels running under the river needless to say we planned our transit in accordance with the tides the empire state building look good girl new york city the city of dreams when i was in my late teens early 20s i was dying to live in new york city i wanted to work in fashion and in my mind there was no better place it represented freedom and of course the american dream the place where anyone could become someone in fact when fabio and i started dating i told him i was moving to new york so it wasn't anything serious the 20 year old version of myself was disappointed that i never experienced living in new york i didn't realize i was wearing blinders i didn't know what i didn't know and i wasn't thinking big enough i now recognize dreams are infinite without boundaries and life has become even better than i ever imagined in my wildest fantasies going under the brooklyn bridge unbelievable are you enjoying new york i am it's so beautiful i never thought i never actually even like i don't know dreamed of doing this it wasn't yeah yeah no i mean after seeing some other cruisers with videos of doing it through new york i was you know of course i wanted to do it but great this is the staten island ferry terminal it's beautiful the architecture here is just incredible oh yeah the statue of liberty an icon of freedom hope opportunity a symbol of welcome to millions of immigrants to this promised land over the past 10 years or so the world has not always viewed americans favorably when given the opportunity to travel to iran i joked i'll pretend i'm canadian but at this moment i have never been more proud to be american i feel so lucky to have been born in this country where freedom of speech and a person's liberty are notions that matter a place where hard work and diligence are rewarded with success more often than not more importantly opportunity is on the table hope for a better life and nothing is more powerful than that amazing wow the statue of liberty incredible this is just unbelievable going by the statue of liberty it's so emotional really we continued our journey south to atlantic highlands where we planned to anchor for the night a protected anchorage with a trail for running and walking nearby was just what we needed if you're enjoying this video give it a thumbs up leave us a comment down below and be sure to subscribe to our channel we waited out some weather the next day but left the anchorage early the following morning trying to hit our targeted arrival date once out in the ocean the waves were much larger than predicted and i was considering going back to wait for more favorable weather but our looming deadline weighed on my mind so i swallowed my fear and forged our way through the waves to atlantic city with the anchor set we settled in for the night so early the next morning we set off for cape may new jersey about 40 nautical miles away follow me out down to the bay gently some of the hardness we're so so blessed to have you anchor our hearts and give us it was finally a day with great sailing conditions 14 knots of wind on the beam the boat was so well balanced that fabio could steer with his foot we give you our mess we made our way through the channel to the coast guard anchorage we departed at sunrise headed to the cmd canal through delaware bay a body of water that no one looks forward to misty blue cargo ship after cargo ship and a nuclear power plant the only structure of note finally we approached the entrance to the cnd canal which in my mind was supposed to be larger to say not wanting to hand steer through the night we docked at shaffer's marina partway through the canal we were eager to head out on the last leg of our two week journey from matinicus island in may though we had been in the chesapeake for some miles the chesapeake bay bridge was the official signal we were finally in this storied body of water since may we sailed thousands of miles and visited places we had dreamed of for years we're not people who check places or experience off on a list but sailing back to new england where i was raised and throughout maine was a bucket list item for both of us we learned a lot about the places the boat and ourselves and were excited for the future as we were just scraping the surface of this enriching lifestyle thomas point lighthouse marked our turn into the south river towards edgewater where we would spend the next few weeks giving wanderlust some tender loving care before the annapolis sailboat show thanks for watching and we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @magicworldbyjorg [2 likes]: ...a cool video keep up the great content.. Thank you…
  2. @Pires1954 [2 likes]: Again a top quality video with very nice music. And Fabio shows no stress sailing up river ! Congrats guys for your channel, very, very pleasant!
  3. @6800891 [2 likes]: I too find it so refreshing to hear someone speak favorably of our country.  Thank you for having the guts to do so.  It only enhances an already attractive, engaging presentation.   Fabio, I watched the Raiders game today and thought for a moment that you were moonlighting as an NFL head coach.
  4. @musicsavesxlives [1 likes]: Nice 👍 positive attitude is what Americans need right now! Enjoying learning about your boat! Hope autopilot works now!
  5. @elizabethculp12 [1 likes]: Truman beach is in my town. I’m so glad you had a nice time there. Southold, NY is a great place for boating.
  6. @paulbritton9926 [1 likes]: Great video and commentary along the way.  BTW, it was great meeting both of you at Annapolis.  I was the guy that bought the Balance and was on the 526 when you walked by.  Remember our deal: We are going to sail on each others' boats after I take delivery of mine next year!!
  7. @stephenmahoney9531 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍👍👍
  8. @stefanoamidei9144 [1 likes]: 💘
  9. @grahamtrembath4951 [1 likes]: Great vid! Sailing into NYC. WOW! A new bucket list item.
  10. @reelhappytravellers2691 [1 likes]: That was such a beautiful  video! I feel replenished. Great effort and boundless capture shared with us. Truely awesome.
  11. @petetjaarda5112 [1 likes]: 👍😎👍
  12. @nedwphillips2126 [1 likes]: WOW
  13. @blradcl [1 likes]: Got skills dealing with that traffic.
  14. @walterhiegel3020 [1 likes]: Loved the music and the sights.  Never considered seeing NYC on a boat what a treat.  Good Job not letting fear make decisions for you guys.
  15. @Building_Bluebird: Sailing through NYC has to be a thrill.
  16. @Building_Bluebird: I've watched so many sailing vlogs, and it seems that auto pilots are the worst equipment on most sailboats. Wind vanes seem far less troublesome by and large. It seems like the linear actuator and hydraulic auto pilot systems are under engineered... Breaking gears, connectors, etc frequently. I'm assuming you have found a much more reliable solution or solutions and spares.
  17. @shuzoskates: What a wonderful video again ! 
Magnificent view of NY ! 
Wonderful nature scenery with great compilation 
I was also became emotional at Kristin with Statue of Liberty 😂
Great movie! 
Thank you for sharing!
  18. @thecroftericmiller496: Looking forward to sailing Newport in Narragansett bay in six months on a chartered sailboat for one week.  If you have any advice or suggestions on towns, are places to visit, would greatly appreciate.
  19. @jppagano4879: What a terrific  journey and video!
  20. @gbsailing9436: Great episode yet again! Seriously though, I can NOT believe the issue you have had with B&G. SURELY it would not be that difficult to airfreight the part/chip of software to you since you ARE in the States!!!? What has it been 6 months now?!? This is not good enough by them! When I order my Seawind 1600 it won't be with B&G gear!!!

Keep up the videos please and I hope you had a great show. Fair winds to you both!

- Annapolis to Chesapeake City on our way to New York City - Explore With Perseverance (Episode 14): Kind: captions Language: en i'm josh this is colin and this is perseverance our floating off-grid home come explore with us as we sail to new places we learn how to protect our environment and see how we coexist with nature we'll also make lots of friends along the way good morning today we are going to get water because we are running pretty low i think we've done 14 days without having to fill the waters that's pretty good um i've been gone for most of that but josh has been here so we're gonna go get water and we'll check we're going to try out this new checklist i made so on the ipad like a electronic checklist and uh try and just streamline and make our boat departures and arrivals a little less chaotic well we're on our way to the field walk to get water uh discovered a couple things that will need to be added to the checklist but uh this is the dry run so glad we're catching it now uh the anchor's up josh is driving and i think we got about three and a half miles to the fuel dock we're gonna try a different fuel dock uh this time so let us know how it goes yeah nice day though supposed to be hotter today than yesterday but it doesn't feel hotter i know it's nice on the water i'm sure it's hot see if the marina is stagnant [Music] we're going to top off on water we're gonna take our sail down later and i think we're gonna try to go up to baltimore tomorrow morning and what else we're trying to do that's the plan anyway plans on a sailboat for now we're just getting water the annapolis city marina is great and lets you top off water for free as long as there are no boats waiting to get fuel there are other marinas where you can get free water with fuel purchase if the dock isn't available at annapolis city alright so the water run was a success we're on our way back to weems creek and then we're gonna dig into shore hop on the bikes and run some errands trying to see if it's possible or if it makes sense to get everything ready and sell to baltimore tomorrow um the fuel dock we stopped at was super cool a little green building right before the bridge across from downtown annapolis the water was actually free the rule is you just have to wait for people who are getting because obviously they get priority but it's a great stop we were on the dock probably 15 20 minutes went from probably 10 gallons on board to fully topped off the freshwater tanks so we should be good uh for a while maybe even until we get to new york at the naval academy behind me i'm only doing like four and a half knots i think there's a little bit of current uh around us we definitely need to move an anchor wash down install up our list because the mud that we bring on board just from the chain is impressive be nice just be able to spray that off before it comes over the roller thoughts words i'm sure i'll see this later and be like what the hell are you talking about laughing at your commentary what kind of commentary do you have it's nothing i'm excited to go to new york it's going to be amazing tomorrow or next week we're gonna head up to baltimore and from there we would like to do what is it two or three days up to new york be up there for a few weeks a few weeks so before we can use our main cell again we have to fix the tear that uh it developed on its way up here now we're gonna pull the sail out drop it uh pack it up and then we're gonna take it to a sail loft here in annapolis where we can get some advice on how best to fix it i'm going to make an attempt so we'll get the fabric from them and try to fix it today i'm going to try to sew a seam in our sail uh that that tour i guess didn't tear the seam came undone uh during the big win that we sailed up in from charleston so i'm gonna try and sew this seam should be pretty easy and not take too long maybe i'll patch up a couple little spots or reinforce some spots with more stitching if i notice any other spots that are you know loose or not up to snuff all right so here is the section in question uh that i'll need to be uh need to restitch i'm just going to restitch over the same spot it's already stitched it's just on a seam should be easy never done this before so we'll give it a go after a successful repair we hoisted the sail and saw these birds riding our wind instrument we got the sail back up just before a storm rolled in later that day we decided to move just outside downtown annapolis to prepare for our departure the next morning good morning we are leaving annapolis this morning you can see downtown annapolis in the background we came to anchor over here last night from williams creek and we are bound uh hopefully for new york with a few uh pit stops along the way we're gonna make uh three or four days out of it and we're gonna have to watch for hurricane henry hopefully the weather will be good for us it's saying it's gonna be pretty calm so not a lot of sailing but maybe it'll be flat and get some work done all right let's go this first leg to new york would be a short 50 mile sail from annapolis to chesapeake city on the c d canal so we just motor sailed out the northern end of the chesapeake bay and are now in the elk river and there is this super cute lighthouse on the cliff we have got about two hours 10.8 miles to our anchorage tonight which is chesapeake city and it is in the canal that connects the elk river to the delaware river i think so so we went from annapolis through the chesapeake to the elk river through this canal to the delaware river yeah that's right and then we're going to continue down the delaware river to cape may that's the plan anyway and the delaware river has a crazy current um like two and a half knots so we really gotta time that well there is a little free dock in what is this little town we're going to chesapeake city chesapeake there's a little free doc free to free to dock but i guess you pace at city hall for water and power so we'll see what that's about because we could use a fresh water top off yeah i kind of want to wash the boat i'm not kind i really want to watch it though so we should be there in like less than two hours all right i think we've officially entered the cnd canal we are less than an hour from chesapeake city where we'll be pulling into the small harbor and either anchoring or tying up to the free dock we have to find a cafe where we're going to upload our next video and we are currently going seven and a half knots of which we can only motor at about five somewhere between five and five and a half so there is quite a current in the canal here yeah definitely getting a good push right now if it was going the other way we'd be doing like two knots so definitely a canal we gotta wait for the current to be in our favor to go through i think tomorrow it's supposed to be uh 10 am and starts going in our favor so i'll probably wait till then which will be nice to sleep in to hop back in the canal and keep going as we pulled into chesapeake city we saw this other catalina 350 so we pulled over to say hello before entering the harbor be sure to hug the east wall which is on our port side to avoid the shoal at the entrance to this harbor we didn't realize how shallow it was the first time we came in overall this anchorage is super protected and really comfortable there's a cute coffee shop in town and it was a nice place for us to stop for a day or as i said before when entering this harbor area hug the east wall at the entrance to avoid the uncharted shoal it's dredged every few years so your chart may not be accurate all right we are anchored in chesapeake city and behind me is a large cargo carrying vessel that was following us up the canal we weren't sure if we were going to make it into the anchorage uh before they came through and you're not allowed to stop or anchor in the canal so this was the first stop that we were planning on that we could also pull off an anchor and uh i'm sure it would have been fine but it would have been a tight squeeze with that ship coming through so far seems like a really cute spot there's a lot of boat up to amenities here and uh looks like the only casualty of the trip was the toilet stopped working so i'm gonna have to investigate that one join us next time as we pass under our lowest bridge yet and we stop in cape may on our way to new york thanks for watching be sure to like subscribe and hit the bell icon it really helps our channel grow if you enjoy our content please consider supporting us on patreon

  Top Comments:
  1. @reidbrown4646: Well done on the sail repair. That's convenient it was just some seams that came apart and not a tear, or a rip through the leech.
We had one of those when we couldn't furl the jib on our hobie in high winds. The master repair was great, but the sail shape has never been the same.
  2. @GoingCoastalSailing: Wow, that lightning was beautiful! 
It looked incredible, but I imagine it wasn't as fun when it's that close to the boat..
  3. @jonunya3128: nice one guys, thanks, very interesting

- Did we make a dumb decision?  |  Surviving the Rivers  |  Catching you up  |  Our Great Loop: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to another Friday night this is on fire family and this is happy hour cheers hey in unison even Miss I'm you you need me [Music] well you are joining us tonight from bashy Creek just off the ten Tom the ten Tom is right out there and uh we are on Bashi Creek and uh there's some green stuff floating in the water which thankfully actually scared off a few Loopers tonight and so we are here with only one other boat anchored just ahead of us so a nice quiet protected Anchorage here should be a delightful place it's a sunny day it started rainy but um The Greenery it's supposed to be like Jurassic Park in here and it's very cool and the kids are excited yeah uh let's catch you up we've done some yeah not on standard videos lately and so it feels like a long time since we've talked by uh sitting down having some uh drinks um the AIS is going off uh I think so uh probably a toe is out here uh Mason can you hit change alarm oh you're fine oh turn the whole thing off yeah that works thanks bud so um no so when we're anchored in a like off a Channel or something like that we leave our AIS on all night long and that's so that toes can see us from miles away and know that we're there and we're anchored it provides more security than just an anchor light that's on and hope that they see that and we're pretty deep in a creek but sometimes times were just right off of the main Channel and so we want to be seen yeah and so but back in here we don't need to have AIS on tonight because no toes are going to make it through uh this um we leave it on sometimes too for our Looper friends to be able to find us uh in particular areas where there's no cell service Nebo doesn't work and so locating people like hey did you anchor here are you over there that kind of thing uh can be spotty and we have no cell coverage right here so um we're really off the grid for tonight so AIS um we keep on when we're in danger getting run over by a toe uh and off when we're in nice quiet protective places anyway so we thought we would catch you up and I've done a lot of miles we have um so we left Paris Landing and uh started on the kind of upper Tennessee River section or not upper for the Tennessee River but uh for our portion of the Tennessee River and uh we had spent some time at Paris Landing after the Rendezvous yeah nine days total and so uh the big pack of Loopers that were there kind of dispersed some on a side trip to Nashville some on a side trip to Knoxville and others uh heading down the rivers and so we started looping with um small groups of boats some that we've been with before and some um not so our first stop was Birdsong which was a little dicey getting into very dicey pretty tricky to stay in enough water so that we didn't hit bottom but we followed the markers we followed the um directions from the marina and we got in no problem uh it is a marina with character but it also has character in that it is the US's only North America's only only or most biggest only only Pearl farm fresh water freshwater profile and so we got to go on a little uh kind of tour inside of uh how that process works and got the kids um some education on that and so that that was cool uh from there we went to Clifton uh which was a delightful little Marina and we were docked right next to or on the um fuel dock which is right connected to the restaurant and so and a super nice family that owns that Marina sweet family they serve an early dinner so that they can go home and you know have dinner and uh then we had uh DuckTales with everybody in inside the restaurant and uh so it's just it was just a good homey kind of a place it was really neat to be tied up right next to it so um like we're having dinner and you look out and then there's witness sitting just right there and in fact the dog was up on this table looking at us at us having dinner uh inside the restaurant and the next day we woke up Before Sunrise is normal and we're getting ready to go there's a little bit of fog inside the marina but we were over a berm from the river and when I went to take the trash out I was like oh no no no no the whole river was sucked in as far as I could see and I got some pretty amazing pictures of that and it took an hour and a half for it to burn off and so we're just squiddling our thumbs and there was ice out so I was climbing up the Steep ramp in my flip-flops five or six times unseasonably cold for just a few days there and that's kind of what happened but it's since warmed back up to normal kind of seasonal temperatures and we're kind of back to normal for this part of the world right at the same time back home Portland it was 20 degrees warmer than normal and so I was I was jealous because he talked me into bringing one pair of jeans and here I am cold in Tennessee or were in Tennessee yet whatever and they're warm in Portland but it worked out now it's warm again so from there uh because of the fog delay and lock there was a lock at the end of our day to get onto Pickwick lake yeah which is gorgeous we got delayed and we pulled in right at Sunset it was actually one of the more beautiful times we pulled in but getting a little dicey in terms of arrival after dark so um we made it it was delightful and we pulled into Aqua yeah and and Looper friends caught our lines it was amazing and our time at Aqua was incredible uh wish we could have extended and stayed longer our kids met up with gold Looper kids and they had a great time.com yeah they had lemonade stand the boys had lemonade stand and they did much ripsticking and the older girls they did a science thing where they helped clean up the Tennessee River for several hours they both want to be marine biologists which is fantastic two peas in a pod and we had you know dinners together and just hanging out together and I had we wish we could have stayed because we have more lubricate family come coming but that are awkward right now but um we have to move along yeah they also had a kind of a season ending party there at the marina which we seem to have a habit of crashing and so that was delightful they had a band and a keg of beer and a spread of food and uh it was just fun to hang out with fellow Loopers and that party atmosphere there was a Halloween costume contest and um Mason won the funniest Mason won the funniest costume for Stitch which we'll show you a picture of um but we just had a great time there and that was one of the departures that we I think sad it hit us the most because uh it was just things were going great we also had an opportunity to tour Shiloh while we were there National Park yeah uh which was a really good uh some somber experience I think but good for the kids a lot of history a lot of Education too so from there we had a long day it was already planned to be a long day yeah and then we had four locks to get through end of the day and we we had they were all in the afternoon a toe and uh if you don't know commercial traffic goes first and so we had a group of eight boats six eight boats yeah that were on kind of the same itinerary and moving at the same speed because we were all getting stuck behind we can go faster but it just doesn't make any sense because you're gonna get stuck at the next lock behind the same toe yeah and this one particular toe made it into every lock ahead of us every time and we had to wait for them to go down and sometimes a tow to come back up so that we could go down and so we made a dumb decision not dumb just everybody all of us did we collect like every all the 50 numbers and so we all pulled in at 10 P.M to Midway Marina and hats off to Midway crops show you the conditions and the area that we pulled into uh because we are here at Midway Marina and uh Mississippi uh near Fulton Mississippi and uh it's a stormy day so we had a long day yesterday actually the second longest day we've had on the Great we got started at uh getting the boat ready at 6 a.m We left the dock at seven from Aqua yacht on piclick lake and made it here through three locks to get here we pulled in here at 10 p.m last night so pitch black we got delayed at all three of the locks with barge toes going through the locks and so it was a very long day and being out here in wind in Pitch Black was not fun so we had six boats that came through the last lock and made these last five miles from the lock down here to Midway and I don't know if you can see out here there are tiny markers in addition to the nav of buoys but there's a thin Channel thin channel that gets you into the marina and uh they were Shining Light spotlights to try to get these boats in here last night we got out of the channel they saw that we were getting out of the channel and they told us to get back over to to get in here but it was not an easy experience at night to do that it it was uh an ordeal to get that many boats in that late at night in darkness and in a in a narrow channel to get into their Marina yeah and they pulled it off and they all left work that day at 4 th to bring us all in and just fantastic customer service yeah and the restaurant there was awesome we went up and ate a meal I had a Mississippi sandwich with fried green tomatoes and fried chicken yeah okay uh and so then we went on anchor so on this section of the 10 Tom there's not a lot of marinas and so you anchor and we enjoy anchoring like tonight here on Bashi Creek love it we're in our element this is terrific away from a bunch of folks we're gonna uh make some dinner here in a bit but uh some people don't like to Anchor and so they maybe I don't prefer this part of the trip but uh we're loving it and so uh we spent two nights on anchor then uh before our next Marina which was at uh Demopolis and then um yeah those were gorgeous sunrises with the light fog and just amazing uh but longer days in terms of uh getting through locks and number of miles just because there's not a lot to see and do well and it's just cracking through right there's a lot of extra toast from the Mississippi River because their water is so low and so yeah so we're passing a lot of toes a lot of toes are holding us up in locks we've had some amazing locking experiences and some horrific walking experiences and so so it just depends a lot on when you show up how you communicate with the lock and who's in line ahead of you and so and we prefer the early morning uh fall ahead from the marina get all the group together and all show up at the same time that works very efficiently and then traveling together from Lock to lock to lock that works great doing it piecemeal showing up uh after some group of uh pleasure boats have just walked through tends to not work out as well you'll be idling or anchored for a long time waiting on the lock so so we are heading for the gulf so this stretch again no Marina so we'll be anchoring out the next three nights and then uh heading to mobile mobile on the fourth night yep so thank you guys for coming along uh and catching up with us uh we're having a great time out here uh this stretch I think it's a love hate thing some people love it some people hate it um I think we're somewhere in the middle uh we have days that are great and we have days they're great for homeschooling because the water's gone yeah and I enjoy driving the boat uh generally passing toes in narrow channels uh not as possible today I lost count six or seven or eight even toes that we passed and so what happens is they will pass us throughout the night and so we will we get them tomorrow too catch up with all those toes tomorrow thankfully we have from here only one more lock before the gulf and then we are lock free for I don't know until we get to like back on the Chesapeake the Dismal Canal something like that so uh anyway uh thanks for joining us we will see you next Friday with another happy hour

  Top Comments:
  1. @bazeven [1 likes]: Happy New Year!  We loved your Holiday video format. Your son did a great job filming.  Enjoy your journey!!  God Bless.
  2. @johnschieffelin3226 [1 likes]: Great update, very interesting how this part of the Great Loop has real highs and real lows.
  3. @Jethrosgarage [1 likes]: Glad all is well and no breakdowns!  I met a captain that did deliveries up/down the waterway 30 yrs ago, the Ten-Tom much less pleasureboat friendly- delivering a 50' yacht up river from Mobile up the river- missed a lock and ended up running at night pre AIS- called every 10 mins on the radio "Northbound vessel at mile marker so and so" never got a call back- suddenly a spot light drilling them through the trees! No radio response! They spot lighted back- tow boat finally got on the radio! Said they had to turn and go a mile down river and hug the bank- tree branches cracking against the side of the hull- they said they could have reached out and touched those barges as the tow went past!  Things are better these days though the old grizzled tow boat captains would say that the river is theirs!
  4. @wendybusby9525 [1 likes]: excellent! So happy for you all!
  5. @mikehlavinka2964 [1 likes]: You guys are doing great I'm making a rough estimate that your approximately 1/3 of the way through the trip. I'm counting from Michigan down through mobile.
  6. @zapalskic [1 likes]: Enjoy Florida!!
  7. @ClassXIRoads [1 likes]: Thanks for updating us on you journey, Happy New Year to ya'll and hope things are going great for ya.
  8. @haroldconnell2973 [1 likes]: Love the journey,  thank you for sharing!  HAPPY NEW YEAR
  9. @LibertyTrawler [1 likes]: Hey guys
  10. @steveschubert8845 [1 likes]: Hey OnFire fam, my wife and I love catching up every saturday morning ( which makes it hard to have a drink with you) here down under. Enjoying the journey of your beautiful countryside and attractions ect. One thing that would add to the enjoyment is a location on a map occassionally. I dont know if thats easy or not, just a thought. Easy to hit pause and get a bearing. We keep trying to ask siri without a lot of success. Anyway safe travels and keep the vid's coming. Btw it really is a pleasure to see and hear your kids at times, their pleasant and respectful nature is so nice to see today. 
Steve n Melita

- Welcome to the Annapolis Maritime Museum: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the Annapolis Maritime Museum your connection to the Natural History of the Chesapeake Bay and the cultural heritage of the hardworking men and women who make their living on it the museum is housed in the historic mcnasby Oyster Company building the last vestage of a major industry that once thrived in Annapolis as it did all along the Chesapeake Bay Annapolis has a unique Maritime Heritage in history before Captain John Smith sailed by 400 years ago on his Voyages of Discovery Piscataway and Susan Indians traveled through this area Hunting Fishing and Gathering oysters for food early English settlers grew tobacco and shipped it back to England to trade for everything they couldn't provide for themselves here including slaves in 1695 Anapolis was chosen to become the capital of Maryland because of its central location and its Snug Harbor up until the revolution Annapolis was a thriving Center of transatlantic trade but as Commerce increased much of that industry shifted to Baltimore while Baltimore boomed Annapolis remained relatively undeveloped that's why so many historic buildings survived into the 21st century when the United States Naval Academy was founded in 1845 local Commerce depended upon steamboats that connected Annapolis with other ports on both shores of the bay transporting passengers produce and other cargo with reliable speed on Dependable schedules after the Civil War the oyster industry boomed a record 18 million bushels were harvested in 1886 competition for the Chesapeake's white gold became so Fierce Maryland oyster police fought bloody battles with piratical watermen today over harvesting pollution and disease have reduced the oyster population to to a mere 1% of its historical level as the seafood industry declined new technology made recreational boating more accessible modern fiberglass power boats and sailboats have largely replaced traditional wooden workboats a year around schedule of rotas and events from the Wednesday night races to the world-renowned Annapolis boat shows has secured the city's reputation as America's sailing Capital the Annapolis Maritime Museum tells these stories of our unique history and Heritage through exhibits and programs the exhibit Gallery is the original shuing room an appropriate setting for the core permanent exhibit oysters on the half shell this exhibit tells about the bay once ubiquitous by Valve it's importance to the health of the Chesapeake Bay about the watermen who harvested them and the men and women black and white who shucked and packed Them In This Very Room the Buchanan Bay room serves as a maritime art gallery a concert hall for traditional and contemporary Maritime music and a lecture hall where authors historians and other experts share and explore the culture and Heritage of Annapolis in the Chesapeake Bay this space is also accessible for family corporate or Community celebrations and events the exhibit gallery and the Bayo also serve as classrooms for the Museum's education programs every year 2,000 students from schools in and around Anapolis get connected to the Bay its natural history and cultural heritage the museum provides rare public access to the Waters of the bay you can visit by boat or water taxi fish and crab from the peers launch a canoe kayak or tennis ball retriever from the beach catch a summertime Maritime concert or just watch the birds and boats Sail by in the summer the museum provides tours by boat out to the Thomas Point show Lighthouse a National Historic Landmark built in 1875 it's the last screw pile Lighthouse left in its original location 1 and a half miles off the mouth of the South River whether you're visiting for the first time or you set your anchor here for good you'll discover that this isn't just a great small Museum it's a focal point of community Spirit a place to gather and share our history Our Heritage by celebrating our past we can preserve our distinct identity and use it as a Compass to guide us on our course into the future we hope you enjoy your visit and come back throughout the year for one of our Maritime concerts lectures special events like the Annapolis oyster roast in the spring or the Boatyard beach bash in the fall and please join the crew become a member or volunteer as a museum dosent teacher tour guide Boatright Gardener aquarium keeper or event planner the museum is a site in the four rivers Heritage area this presentation was made possible by a grant from four rivers and the Maryland Heritage areas Authority the museum is also a site on the Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail and the Chesapeake Bay gateways and water Trails Network

- $1M yacht explodes in Marina Del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en Diaz is live at the scene where that cleanup still going on after all these hours. Laura. By a Fox 11wer, shows viewers shows the 100 foot luxury yacht catching fire while docked at Marina del Rey. The explosive fire in basin A was called in about 830 Wednesday night. We're calling, we're calling Fox 11 obtained this video shot from a neighbor's balcony. They heard people screaming trapped on the 911. Oh my God, we need help. Like, h called the fire department, but there's also there's a huge boat on fire at the end I'm wanting to know of Bora Bora Way. Friends were calling out, wanting to know if they needed any assistance, because there were people that were literally, rushing off the boat. I believe one person broke a window and dived, dived out of the window into the water. And yeah, there was pandemonium, no doubt about it. We learned two, possibly three people escaped the combustible fire. Two people reportedly pulled to safety from the burning vessel out a window. Witnesses captured theseveral explosions as firefighters bravely battled the flames. The flames inside the boat appeared to resist the water. Neighbors speculated what ignited the night boat fire. We started hearing fire trucks, and I came out and saw that boat on our end. Tie was coming up the gangplank. We had two explosions propane tanks, could have been batteries. Eventually the yacht named about $1 million, sank from all the Thursday. A portion of the wreckage visible as Coast Guard and a private company worked to clean up the 4000 gallons of the water. We have absorbent pads in the water to try to capture all that fuelng will go on at least through the weekend. About 15% of the people in this Marina. Live aboard their boats, as did the survivors of the boat fire. I think he bought the boat 4 or 5 years ago for just under a million dollars. So it's a pretty good loss. Hopefully he has insurance. We spent all afternoon trying to get more information about the owner of very protective of him. I can tell you this. The mother of the two boys was heard shrieking about the safety of her sons. The whole family is safe tonight.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sr_spongebob [7 likes]: Are we just going to igone the fireworks?
  2. @lmvath211 [1 likes]: Lithium ion batteries! Not as green as we dream.
  3. @zackzarate [1 likes]: that guy had a GREAT VOICE
  4. @RAFF-01117: OMG DION GABRIELIDES IS MY UNCLE! NO WAYS. HES ON THE NEWSSSSS!?
  5. @alberto.jaramillo: There were no fireworks in that boat, it was actually a glitch in the video looks like a firework but not a firework
  6. @AentaroAW: Bro is my house
  7. @scubamaz1: Opps.....
  8. @noname-f6j2n: His bowla
  9. @broederbond60: Arson.

- Multi-million dollar yacht erupts in flames in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en >> BREAKING NEWS NOW AT 11 A MULTI-MILLION-DOLLAR YACHT EXPLODES IN FLAMES IN MARINA DEL REY GOOD EVENING, I'M MICHAEL AND TIMESHARE CALVIN THE MASSIVE FIRE ERUPTED 08:30P TONIGHT. THOSE FLAMES THAT QUICKLY ROLLED THROUGH 3 LEVELS OF THIS HUGE BOAT, WHAT LOOKED LIKE FIREWORKS GOING ON AT THE SAME TIME. THE FOLKS WHO LIVE NEARBY THEY SAY THEY HEARD THE POPPING SOUNDS AND THEN THEY SAW THE FLAMES LISTEN TO WHAT THEY SAID. >> LET'S SEE A BOAT COMPLETELY FLAMES IS IT RAGING. AND HEARD EXPLOSIONS CAPTURED SOME OF THAT VIDEO AND THEN SITE AND THERE WAS A FIREWORK 7 OFF TO WE ALL HEARD AND YOU DIDN'T LIKE A FIREWORKS SHOW POINTS AS WELL. >> WELL I WAS SITTING ON MY BALCONY ENJOYING ON AND THEN I SAW SOMETHING BRIGHT AND SHINING TO THE SIDE AND THEY REALIZE THAT WAS A BOAT ON FIRE. SO I CAN TO SEE IF IT STARTED TO TIMES AND THEN A FIREWORK SHOW LATER THE HORNS WERE BLOWING. >> BACK OUT HERE LIVE ON WITH CAPTAIN POMA BARNES IS WITH LA COUNTY FIRE. LET'S GET AN UPDATE FIRST ON THE FIREWORKS, YOU SAID THAT MAY HAVE CHANGED YEAH, SO INITIAL THOUGHTS WERE REPORTS FROM BYSTANDERS THAT THERE WERE WE CONFIRM WITH THE OWNER THAT THERE ARE MUNITIONS ON BOARD SO SOME OF THOSE NOISES MAY HAVE BEEN MISTAKEN FOR FIREWORKS BOAT WAS HARD TO GET TO OUT HOW DID HURT THE FIRE FIGHT. YES, IT IS SPECIAL HERE IS IN A OF ME AND THANKFULLY, IT'S ON ONE OF THE END TIMES SO THAT'S ONE OF THE SLIPS ON THE VERY VERY BUT WITH THAT THERE'S ONLY ACCESS FROM THE SLIPS ON ONE SIDE. AND SO FIRE CREWS AND LIFEGUARDS WERE ABLE ATTACK THIS BOTH FROM LAND SIDE ABOVE FROM THE TRUCK AND AS AS WELL FROM OUR RESCUE BOAT AND OUR FIRE IN THE WATER, I KNOW THAT THE BOAT WAS LISTING FOR A LONG TIME IT'S STILL TIED TO THE DOCK BUT NOW IT'S PARTIALLY UNDER WATER AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEM IN THE BACK OF YOUR MIND THE ABSOLUTE LISA BOTH FIRES THAT DELICATE DANCE BETWEEN APPLYING WATER ALSO LETTING THE BILGE PUMPS CATCH UP SO WE DON'T SINK IT. UNFORTUNATELY WE HAD APPLY ENOUGH WATER TO GET THE FIRE OUT AND BECAUSE OF ITS LOCATION, IT'S HERE IN ABOUT 20 FEET OF WATER TO VERY LARGE VOTE. SO IT'S ON BUT IT'S SOMETHING IN THE SLIPPED AND RIGHT PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT SO WILL BE BOOMING THE WATER TO KEEP ANY FUEL OR OIL OR OTHER CONTAMINANTS FROM SPREADING OUT AND THEN WE'LL WORK THE HARBOR MASTER AND SOME PRIVATE A COMPANY TO DO THE MAJOR CLEANUP UNDERSTAND THERE WERE SEVERAL PEOPLE ON BOARD EVERYBODY GOT OFF ANY INJURIES TO REPORT NO INJURIES TO REPORT AND NOBODY ON FAR STARTED THIS FIRE ANY IDEA I KNOW IT'S YEAH UNKNOWN AT THIS AT THIS TIME THAT WILL BE UNDER INVESTIGATION CAPTAIN I APPRECIATE IT CAPTAIN PONO BARNES REALLY COUNTY FIRE WITH OUT HERE. AGAIN A 210 FOOT LONG CALLED THE ADMIRAL NOW PARTIALLY UNDER WATER OUT HERE THE GOOD NEWS IS. >> NOBODY GOT HURT IN MARINA DEL REY I'M RICK CHAMBERS GUYS BACK

  Top Comments:
  1. @cvrart [12 likes]: I can say with a great deal of confidence that it is no longer a multi-million dollar yacht.
  2. @arribaficationwineho32 [2 likes]: Seems to be quite common in the super yacht community.    They are ALL suddenly burning
  3. @72stones43 [1 likes]: Shyster trump doesn’t own a yacht.
  4. @bigran_outbound [1 likes]: GILLIGAN'S ISLAND THEME SONG IS PLAYING ,while i watcg🤔
  5. @terrywade3696: This is old news. It happened on 9/18/24!
  6. @randyscott3386: Russian yachts seem to  have a habit of doing that .
  7. @canyoncruzr3462: Don't worry it was just 1000 rounds of ammunition going off.  The public is in no danger.
  8. @canyoncruzr3462: Lots of people out there with more money than brains.
  9. @JamesMiller-lq5rd: Another benefit of Bidenomics?
  10. @alexandertheresurrection2810: Oh boy, I hope for the owners sake their insurance is in a generous mood.
  11. @maanihamskii6392: Insurance fraud
  12. @RedVikingBaphomet: Oops the Owner’s teen probably dropped their blunt in a seat cushion 😬
  13. @CupRamen-j8o: Life can be so hard.
  14. @MistSoalar: 100% absolutely definitely not a insurance fraud.
without a doubt.
  15. @AnthonyDeleon-x6e: Puff daddy’s yacht!
  16. @oldgeezerproductions: Rumor has it that the boat was being used to smuggle pagers to Lebanon for Hezbollah and was carrying a full cargo.  More at 10.
  17. @kc72186: That boat party was poppin 🍻
  18. @arribaficationwineho32: What is so highly flammable on the deck of such a boat?   Fuel tanks certainly but that fire was on the deck
  19. @robertlandry5676: Seems like a trend 💸
  20. @edmorse3529: Drug boat??

- Yacht skipper praised for avoiding catastrophe in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en THE REST OF THE DAY. NO WORD ON IF THE POLICE EVER INTERVENE. THAT IS THE MOMENT, A 70 FOOT YACHT CRASHED INTO A SEAWALL YESTERDAY IN THE BOAT'S SEEM TO BE OUT OF CONTROL AND NARROWLY AVOIDED SERIOUSLY INJURING ANYONE WE'RE DESTROYING OTHER PROPERTY COULD HAVE BEEN WORSE THOUGH LINDSEY PENA. LIVE IN MARINA DEL REY STORY LINDSAY. YEAH, RICK AND COURT GOOD EVENING. THE PEOPLE WHO SAW WHAT THEY WERE SEEING THEY JUST SAW A BOAT THAT SEEMS COMPLETELY OUT OF CONTROL. ANOTHER CAPTAIN WE TALKED TO TODAY SAID THE SPEED LIMIT IN THIS MARINA IS PRETTY LOW. SO WHEN HE SAW THAT BOAT GOING SO FAST HE KNEW SOMETHING WAS WRONG. BUT HE ALSO SAYS THE SKIPPER ON BOARD THAT YACHT DID EVERYTHING RIGHT AND HAD HE NOT INTENTIONALLY CRASHED HAVE BEEN SO MUCH WORSE. CELL PHONE VIDEO CAPTURING THE THE SEA WALL IN MARINA DEL REY SATURDAY AFTERNOON RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE ALTAR READ A RESTAURANT DINERS INSIDE WATCHING IN SHOCK. THE CAPTAIN KNEW SOMETHING WAS TERRIBLY WRONG WHEN THEY STARTED MAKING THAT TURN AND TOLD OUR GUESTS AND I SAID WELL THIS IS NOT GOING TO END WELL SOMETHING IS REALLY OFF HERE. LONNIE FORD AND HER FAMILY ONBOARD SEEN IT ALL UNFOLD. THEY STARED IN DISBELIEF AS THE YACHT VEERED OUT OF CONTROL IN THE CROWDED MARINA NEARLY MISSING COLLISIONS GOING INTO THE 3RD ALMOST ACCIDENT. WE PULLED OUT OUR PHONES AND BEGIN TO RECORD WHAT WAS GOING ON BECAUSE WE COULD SEE THAT THIS WASN'T GOING TO END. WELL INVESTIGATORS SAY THE YACHT HAD A MECHANICAL FAILURE WHICH CAUSED A LOSS OF CONTROL. THE SKIPPER ON BOARD PURPOSELY STEERED THE BOAT INTO THE WALL TO AVOID HITTING PEOPLE OR PROPERTY. YOU HAVE KAYAKERS, YOU HAVE POWELL AND YOU HAVE SLOW BOAT, YOU KNOW THIS IS THE SLOW SECTION. THIS MARINE IS A SLOW SECTION OF THE SKY WAS DRIVING OUT OF CONTROL, NO ONE WAS INJURED IN THE CRASH THE SKIPPER NOW BEING PRAISED FOR HIS QUICK THINKING WE TROUBLE OUT HERE LIKE IT DIDN'T HIT ANYBODY. BUT THE WALL. AND WHICH IS PRETTY. EXCEPTIONAL. THAT WALL HAS SOME MINOR DAMAGE THAT STILL NEEDS TO BE REPAIRED THE YACHT HAS SINCE BEEN TOWED FROM THE MARINA

  Top Comments:
  1. @PalmBeachDog [4 likes]: People were in danger so we pulled out our phones.
  2. @blackrhino3442 [2 likes]: Gavin was driving. Just another day in Ca.
  3. @jonmacdonald5345 [2 likes]: He parked it Captain Ron Style 😂😂😂😂
  4. @commonsense7266 [2 likes]: Han Solo's maneuver in the millennium falcon ~ he swerves slightly to the left
  5. @peterzz4266: All your news is bullsh*t

- Yacht sinks after explosion, fire in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en destination. Hopefully by the next hit, we'll be able to talk about it, send it back to you all in the studio. Thank you very much. Now to our news here at 603, huge flames burned through 100 foot long yacht setting off fireworks and ammunition in Marina del Rey. Mario Ramirez is live at the dock this morning where the boat sank last night. Good morning morning. We can smell the fuel right now. We just heard from the Coast Guard saying that yacht may have been carrying up to 4000 gallons of diesel fuel. And you can see here behind me, the cleanup continues. That yacht is partially submerged, about 20ft deep on its side, and it's now going to have to be removed from the harbor after a dramatic fire and several explosions last night. This video from the appeared to be fireworks going off as crews battled the flames late last night. It was around 830. L.A. County fire crews rushed to the del Rey, where that 100 foot, three story yacht was fully engulfed. Officials say two people were on board the boat when the fire ignited, but both were able to escape safely with no injuries, and they now confirm there was ammunition. Hundreds of rounds that were being stored on the yacht. Meanwhile, nearby neighbors, they were worried that the fire would jump to nearby boats. Hearing those explosions coming from the raging flames. I heard a fire alarm and shouting. And then I saw a boat on fire. So I came to check and, it just got bigger and bigger. It started to explode multiple times, like on a scale of 1 to 10, probably like an eight and a half. It was like pretty big. I was like, worried about it might spread to other boats. And Skyfox was over the harbor about two hours after the incident started, fire crews focusing on minimizing the environmental impact they were using beams, booms, I should spreading farther into the water. Coming back out here, live again, the cleanup continuing. Fortunately, no major damage to any nearby vessels, and crews haven't detailed exactly how they'll be removing that yacht from the harbor. Here, the cause remains under investigation this morning. For now, live here in Marina del Rey. I'm Mario Ramirez, back to you. What a

  Top Comments:
  1. @YTPartyTonight: Perfunctory reactionary comment: The usual suspects.
  2. @yellowbird5411: No mention of who owns the yacht or how the fire started. Fireworks, ammunition, many gallons of fuel? Good grief.

- 2 boats damaged in Marina Del Rey fire: Kind: captions Language: en TAKE YOU OUT TO THE IE BACK TO YOU. JAMIE: DEVELOPING NEWS TO BOATS OPEN FLAMES IN MARINA DEL REY AND ASSIGNMENT MANAGER MARK LIU HAS VIDEO VERY TENSE. MARK: THESE MOST RECENTLY DESTROYE IS AMAZING THERE STILL FLOATING IT AFTER THE WAS PUT LSI, LA COUNTY FIRE SAID THEY HAD TO GO OUT THERE AGAIN THIS MORNING FOR FLAREUP THE ME SHOW YOU THAT ORIGINAL FIRE 10:00 O'CLOCK HUGE FLAMES COMING OFF OF THIS 50-FOOT BOAT MARINA DELRAY AND SO LA COUNTY FIRES SAID TEN OH FIVE FLAMES ERUPTING FROM ON THE GO BOROUGHS WHEN THEY GOT IN SEEN HAD SPREAD TO A NEIGHBORING BOAT AND BOTH BOATS THEIR FULLY ENGULFED LA COUNTY FIRE THEY WERE ALSO ON STATION THAT IF I THIS FIRE WITH THESE LONG STREAMS, FROM THE SHORELINE THERE, BUT THEY SIT WITH ABOUT SET A PARTIAL ROOF COLLAPSE WITH ABOUT THIS SIZE SOMETIMES THERE BRUCE LIKE THAT AND SO SEVERE DAMAGE TO BOTH OF THESE BOATS, AFTER THE FIRE WAS PUT OUT AND LA COUNTY FIRE SAID THAT HIS SECOND FLAREUP SMALLER WHAT HAPPENED ABOUT 330 THIS MORNING, VIDEO THAT THIS IS STILL THE ORIGINAL FIREFIGHT, THEY SAID THAT IT WAS JUST PART OF THE FLAREUP OPERATION AND THE POPE THAT WENT OUT GOOD NEWS NO INJURIES HERE NOBODY WAS ON THOSE BOATS BUT EXTRAORDINARILY SEVERE DAMAGE UNCLEAR IF THE BOWS WILL BE PREPARED AN INVESTIGATION INTO HOW THAT FIRE ORIGINALLY STARTED THAT 50-FOOT VESSEL AND IF YOU WANT TO TELL US AT THE DESK YOU CAN TEXT US TO IT DIRECTLY AT (818) 221-2222 YOU SOON A STORY IDEA SOMETHING VIDE

- Yacht owner suing the Town of Palm Beach: Kind: captions Language: en who ran it ashore on Palm Beach uh back in early September is now suing to recover every penny he lost. Taxpayers, they finally foot the bill to remove that broken down yacht there after it just sat there for weeks. But now's Alyssa Heyman joining us live from Palm Beach to tell us what's in this lawsuit. Alyssa. Well, this all started when the owner of that yacht ran her ground because police say he was boating under the influence. And in his lawsuit, he claims that the town of Palm Beach and its police department had a legal obligation to secure his property when he was arrested. And he says they didn't do that. What was once a massive mess along the north end of Palm Beach is now a legal mess. And it has many beach lovers like Diane Beller mad. It's extremely frustrating. It's a pathetic situation. Um, it just shouldn't be. Buler and her organization have been helping to clean up the litter from the 72 FFT yacht that ran ground in early September and last week they were still picking up the pieces. We found all sorts of different um pieces of the boat still. We are left to clean up his mess and he didn't seem to have an ounce or shred of of regret or um decency in him. So, it did not surprise Buer to find out that the man who ran the boat ashore, Thomas Baker, is now suing the town and its police department for $450,000 to cover his losses. This despite the fact that the police arrested Baker for boating under the influence that night. It seems par for the course for his life. He's blaming everybody else but himself. According to the complaint filed in federal court, Baker claims that the town and the police department had a legal obligation to secure and tow his property when he was arrested. And Baker says they didn't do that. And that lawsuit isn't going over well with the people who say he should take responsibility. Well, this will drag on for a while. And it's unfortunate for the taxpayers, for the town. They all worked so hard to make to remove this boat, to do the right thing, to get it done, and now to have this thrown in their face is is really just pathetic. Now, the town of Palm Beach says it does not comment on pending litigation, but they do say they plan to fight the complaint in court. Now, Mr. Baker's attorney, I did speak with her, and all new at 6, she's going to break down this complaint for us, and she's going to explain why they believe the town should pay up. for now. Reporting live on Palm Beach, Alyssa Heyman for the now South Florida. All right.

  Top Comments:
  1. @merksecution8395 [28 likes]: Hate to say it but he's right. If you get arrested while driving a car and its parked, the police turn off your car, lock it up, and put your keys with your property. That's if they don't have it towed (also a form of securing it).
  2. @regressmenot [7 likes]: He's taking responsibility by being arrested for operating under the influence. Once you are arrested you can no longer take responsibility for the yacht that's left behind. Is absolutely the town's obligation to do something with that property. If they pull you over on the side of the road they don't leave your car abandon, they tow the car at your expense to a designated safe holding area.
  3. @thomasmattson2389 [4 likes]: He will win. Stupid mistake. Secure the boat.
  4. @themonkeydoo3 [3 likes]: Hate to say it but he is right
  5. @Schoolofscarletthomestead [2 likes]: Nonsense, a boat taken by the sea and saltwater is a total loss. Where is the insurance company or was it not insured? This is just another rich guy behaving like an *. We need a judge to lock this guy away for a long time of reflection.
  6. @CharlieOdom1957 [1 likes]: Although I don't believe he deserves the boat, he is correct in his suit to claim the loss. The police should have secured his yacht. The vessel was only grounded when he was arrested. There was no damage, besides bent prop shafts. The police let it sit there and get destroyed. The news is missing a lot of video from when the boat was first grounded. This indicated a lot of bias in hiding the fact that the yacht should have been impounded and taken to a safe storage location.
  7. @vwdarrin [1 likes]: it's a win
  8. @aquaticthumb5193 [1 likes]: It don't look like the cop being thugs is going to just be sweep under the rug.
  9. @mick8669: Must be a liberal! Blaming everyone but himself.
  10. @pompommania: You are innocent until proven guilty. The town should have secured his boat. Their mistake. They need to pay up.
  11. @MrJuvefrank: This guy was more like a Gilligan than a skipper.

- Meet Trump's Neighbors At Billionaire Beach: Kind: captions Language: en Palm Beach Florida has been a Haven for America's richest since standard oil tycoon Henry Flagler built the Florida East Coast Railway in the 1890s as well as the iconic Breakers Hotel the exclusive town with a full-time population of 9200 has seduced an array of notables including the Vanderbilts the kennedies and Sylvester Stallone with its headyy mix of sunshine sand and low taxes there are fewer than 2500 homes in town and only a fraction have a coveted Ocean View at the dawn of trump 2.0 Palm Beach is once again the center of America's political Universe here's a look at the rock stars and business bigwigs who are neighbors of the 45th and now 47th president Trump himself scored Mara Lago built by serial ays Mar Maryweather Post in the 1920s for an estimated 10 milon in 1985 or about 30 million adjusted for inflation he turned it into a country club whose members are said to include New York Nicks boss James Dolan author James Patterson and football coaching Legend bill bellich now worth north of 342 million net of debt it's Trump's single most valuable real estate holding he owns three other homes nearby too including his late sister Marian Trump barries eight-bedroom Mansion across the street purchased for 18.5 million during his first term in office Maga Alister Sylvester Stallone who Trump named a special ambassador to Hollywood in January bought an 11,000 ft pad for $35 million in 2020 but got off to a rocky start with his neighbors who opposed his plan to build a floating barrier around his property to fend off seaweed trash and prying eyes he scrapped the plan in December Steven schwarzman the chair of Trump's short-lived business advisory Council in 2017 initially said he would not support his longtime friend in 2024 but backtracked in May the billionaire Wall Street Titan who co-founded Blackstone owns a 15,000 ft home with views of the Atlantic and Lake Worth Lagoon and sits on the board of the Palm Beach civic association Rockstar Rod Stewart has kept a sunshine yellow mansion on South Ocean Boulevard since 1995 putting him in Trump's orbit for years former Mara Lago member Jeff Green is a real estate and investing billionaire who didn't support Trump in 2024 but does see a silver lining to the election telling Forbes there's no question in my mind that having West Palm Beach on everyone's television screens all over the world is only going to help our brand and our city billionaire hedge fund Titan Ken Griffin who gave $100 million to Republicans in the 2024 cycle lives in Miami but looms large over Palm Beach where he has spent 500 million buying and knocking down mansions to assemble a 28 acre estate on which he's building a home for his 77-year-old mother [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @arthurbrumagem3844 [5 likes]: Now let’s do the places Oprah, Zuckerberg and Larry Ellison own in Hawaii
  2. @Goat_Dips [1 likes]: palm beach pete
  3. @Jonathon1031 [1 likes]: I absolutely love palm beach. Lived in west Palm 8 years. Nothing like it
  4. @Tym1160 [1 likes]: ….and Sylvester Stallone! Omg 😆
  5. @shawnpurcell5424: I wonder when the last time was that Forbes had something relevant to say.
  6. @hehehehuuuuu: where is pam beach pete
  7. @imtryingtoworry: obscene
  8. @matoplays3484: It looks amazing but it also looks like you are one bad storm away from having your house washed off the face of the Earth.
  9. @nichtgenannt3226: Who of those are in the Epstein Files ????
  10. @peterhansen1161: Schöne Anwesen.. 👍
  11. @peterhansen1161: Man möchte gern unter seines gleichen bleiben...!!! 👍
  12. @claudiorabsten7179: next one is elon musk, in the past was bill gates and warren buffett plus bernard arnault
  13. @JohnKreber: Just because you live next to someone doesn't mean anything.
  14. @joehuettinger3300: Knocking down mansions and buying land to build a house for your 77 year old mother!!! Did I hear that correct.
  15. @Coltonma: Stallone got off to a rocky start I like that
  16. @goodson77784: who the heck would want to meet his neighbors
  17. @lumo5691: Beautiful area❤
  18. @kralikkral5560: One Russian Tsunami torpedo will solve the problem ...
That is what Putin has in mind when seeing such videos.
  19. @RobustArid379: All while power
  20. @tS-sn7jt: Interesting maybe we should do the same on Obama’s neighborhood.

- Overturned yacht update: Kind: captions Language: en new at 11 we're now learning that that yacht that washed onto Palm Beach two weeks ago can now be legally removed by law enforcement the 72t yacht has been in the water for 12 days after its owner Thomas Baker ran it ground and then abandoned it you can see debris that came up on the shoreline from the yacht as the yacht lays on its side in the water along the shoreline the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission is now working with the town to get it out of there as soon as possible

- Removal efforts of grounded yacht: Kind: captions Language: en and the coast guard are still monitoring the removal efforts of this grounded 72-foot yacht right there on the north end to palm beach private contractors are working to remove the remaining diesel fuel on that yacht that has to be done really before it can be towed the captain in this case you may remember we've been covering this for a couple days he admitted drinking long island iced teas before this occurred

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrJuvefrank: Anybody who drinks a lot and sails a yacht is going to get caught.

- Why the ocean is getting louder: Kind: captions Language: en This is me. I'm about to go scuba diving for the first time ever. I went in expecting muffled peace and quiet. I mean, one of the earliest documentaries on underwater life was literally called “The Silent World”. “They roamed deep under the Mediterranean, the Red Sea, and the Indian Ocean, in a mysterious realm, a silent world.” But as soon as I got down a few yards, I couldn't help but notice sound all around me. It was hard to tell what direction it was coming from, or how far away it was. It was coming from boats above me. As far as I can tell, the Earth’s water is not as quiet as I thought. I’ve been binging this podcast all about sound, and they've been looking into this too "From DeFacto Sound, you’re listening to Twenty Thousand Hertz: The stories behind the world’s most recognizable and interesting sounds. I’m Dallas Taylor." So Dallas — life underwater can be pretty loud, right? It can! Just listen to these toadfish— they oscillate their swim bladders to make sounds that are loud enough to keep houseboat residents in Sausalito, California up at night. Or these Barred Grunt fish, that make a grinding sound with the teeth in their gullet. Or these snapping shrimp — they produce a sound by creating tiny popping bubbles with their claws. It’s been measured at 200 decibels. That’s louder than a gunshot. Light doesn’t penetrate very deep in water, so a lot of ocean life has evolved to use sound as its primary sense. Because water particles are more densely packed together than air, sound travels farther and faster in water. That makes it an efficient medium of communication at any depth or time of day. “Let's say we had 440, like the middle key of your piano, or whatever.” That’s John Hildebrand, he’s a professor at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. He's an expert in the field of underwater sound and how it’s used by and how it affects marine mammals. “If you looked at the wavelength of that sound in air, that note, the 440 note, would be a little bit less than a meter long. In water, it's more like several meters long.” What that means is that noise travels about four times faster and farther in water than it does in air. In an experiment in 1991, sound emitted from Heard Island was picked up at 16 sites in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans. It turns out that one of the most common noises in the entire ocean that can be picked up almost anywhere these days, sounds like this: It's the sound of boats. Noise from ship traffic has doubled every decade since the 1960s. “Basically, anywhere you go, the ambient noise in the ocean is dominated by anthropogenic sound.” “Let's say I made a measurement 30 years ago and now if I went to the same place and made the same measurement, it would be 10 dBs or more higher sound level than what I measured when I started my career. That’s spooky.” That’s a huge problem for animals that use sound as their primary sense. Just listen to this audio of how noise from a passing boat totally drowns out dolphin communication. But arguably the worst culprit of underwater sound pollution is a process that sounds like this: This is seismic surveying. It’s a process that allows companies to locate spots on the ocean floor where they can drill for fossil fuels. Boats with about 30-40 airguns that all go off at once will move back and forth over large parts of the ocean. Bubbles from the horns expand and contract typically every 10 seconds, creating a huge amount of acoustic energy that maps geological structures deep in the ocean floor. And it’s about as loud as a jet at takeoff. This can go on for weeks at a time. A study of seismic survey noise between 1999 and 2009 found that airgun sounds were recorded almost 2500 miles away from the survey ship itself. At some locations, they were recorded on 80 percent of days for over a year. And that changes how animals behave. A study by the Institute of Marine Science at the University of North Carolina found that reef fish abundance decreased by 78 percent during seismic surveying. This is what the reef looked like before seismic surveying in the area. And this is what it looked like after. “Seismic surveying is a constroversial topic at the coast and new research is only adding to the conversation. “One of those impacted is local fisherman Jack Cox. He’s seen firsthand the impact seismic surveying has on fish.” “It does something, that — we just don’t catch fish. For animals like whales — who rely on complex sound communication systems to socialize, find food, and mate — that poses a huge problem. If you watch this heat map from a study of endangered North Atlantic right whales, you can see that shipping paths near Boston squeeze the whales into a tiny space where communication is possible — it's about a third of what it was without the ships. Susan Parks, a biology professor at Syracuse, recorded right whale sounds throughout the early 2000s. And when she compared her audio to some that had been recorded in 1956, she noticed that the older sounds were much deeper than her high-pitched recordings. It turns out that the whales had started calling at higher and higher frequencies in order to hear each other over the hum of ship noise. Apart from habitat displacement and communication changes, there’s also evidence that boat noise simply stresses these whales out. After the September 11th attacks, researchers in Canada’s Bay of Fundy compared underwater noise levels during a period of reduced ship traffic to the stress-related hormone levels in the right whale population. They discovered a 6 decibel noise decrease in the bay after 9/11, which correlated to lower baseline levels of stress related hormones. Effects like this go all the way down the food chain. A 2017 study found that there were two to three times more dead zooplankton after after a day of blasts from a single airgun. And the larvae of krill, which whales rely on for food, were totally destroyed. In April 2017, Donald Trump signed an executive order to open offshore drilling in the Atlantic. It directed the Interior Department to consider allowing seismic exploration by 5 companies that had been blocked under the Obama administration. It’s getting widespread pushback in Congress — there’s a bipartisan House bill and Democrat-led Senate bill to ban seismic testing — but if those authorizations go through, companies could be conducting seismic testing in the Atlantic by Fall 2017. So… is there any good news? Yes, there is. In 2014, the International Maritime Organization adopted guidelines for reducing commercial ship noise levels with things like noise-muffling propellers and insulated engines — though they’re not mandatory yet. A year later, the US Navy agreed to limit sonar testing — which has been linked to whales stranding themselves on beaches in habitats near Southern California and Hawaii — following a lawsuit from environmental groups. And in June 2016, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration laid out an Ocean Noise Strategy Roadmap. It’s the start of a 10-year plan to assess the human impact on underwater sound and the measures required to reduce it. Seismic surveys can work better, too. Norway has started multi-client surveys, so that seismic data from a particular area is only collected once. US authorities are considering a similar process. The ocean is huge. We’ve explored less than 5 percent of it so far. So it’s easy to forget that what we do on the surface affects everything down below. But like plastic, chemicals, and waste, noise pollutes our oceans. Understanding that is key to doing our part to protect it. Thank you so much for watching, we loved doing this collaboration with Twenty Thousand Hertz. They create super highly produced podcasts that tell stories all about sound. If you enjoyed this video, you should absolutely go check out their podcast on the exact same topic. You can find that and subscribe at applepodcasts.com/20k.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Johnmagnus1717 [4 likes]: I have used this video to learn about this subject for a school project, and it has helped me so much. I am very thankfull for how it has been explained in a way that was easy for me to understand. I almost never comment, but after coming back for this video a few times I just feel like I want to thank the ones behind this video for making it. Please keep spreading information like this!
  2. @destinymagic7694 [1 likes]: And, we wonder why those peaceful whales started attacking those boats???
  3. @IshimuraOrigin [1 likes]: Seismic surveying is banned! Yay!
  4. @1traphouse [1 likes]: If you drive a car, in a way, you’re partly to blame. We are all guilty of things bad & good done to our environment. Who will be the ones to watch info videos , leave a comment of distress & carry on their day as usual? .. && who will be the ones who watch info videos and then do something about it? 

Not much of us at all.. sad but true.
  5. @bp3816 [1 likes]: 6:15 sounds like my dad sleeping
  6. @zuffhy: money is the root of all evil. these practices should be banned, no matter the cost
  7. @valentinopostorivo: I think is time for a new updated video on this subject
  8. @ksg9809: 3:08 4:11
  9. @enpasionarte: Pffff what are we doing with our own space of life?
  10. @ishanvk626: That's snorkeling. Not scuba diving.
  11. @WhyWorldWet: Wow, what an eye opening and information video. Thanks for sharing.
  12. @azizaren1881: Sometimes I hate being human. We just cause destruction with everything we do. We are just selfish, egotistical and greedy animals.
  13. @DLCS-2: The last comment 4 months ago
  14. @adamalmalki7903: now i should also care about fish not being able to sleep at night
  15. @Thylacinuscyno: The mass stranding to get away from the noise is terrible.
  16. @hya2in8: as though we needed more reason to stop relying on oil
  17. @LVXMagick: I haven't been scuba diving since 2001, but at that time, whether I dove in WV or the Cayman islands it was complete peace in an alien world. If that part of the experience is gone it's sad.
  18. @isabelaoliveira9270: Wow, another amazing video 👏🏾
  19. @StupidYTmakingNonSenceUpdates: Wow, who would have known donald trump ff'd stuff up🤦🤷 who couldve guessed
  20. @patriciaschuster1371: I love this channel!

- Marina del Rey Dredging Project: Kind: captions Language: en well first of all we are out here today to uh celebrate something that many of us have been working on for a very very long time and that's the direction of marina del rey now while that may not sound like a very exciting topic it's incredibly important from a public safety standpoint to allow you have our entire fleet of baywatch our fire department boats the coast guard our harbor patrol boats all inside marina and with the sediments filled up out here outside the break water uh it's forced been forced in times for our boats to depart at different ends instead of having access to both ends what happens is in times of emergency that becomes important if a vote goes down uh from lax a recreational boater has a problem uh it's just so important so what we've been able to do is we put our money up the army corps has agreed to put up their money we've done a matching project but the way we've been able to do this finally was we took on a very important partner and that was the port of long beach the portal long beach has a major dredging project going on down at the port as they try to consolidate and expand and take on bigger ships down the ports we know what the economic engine the value of the port of long beach is to all of us they need sediment and they need sand and so we're going to be able to use deliver this sand to them uh we have some erosion issues in redondo beach as well as dock wild and we're going to be able to backfill that so in addition to saving millions of dollars for the taxpayers we are also taking over 47 000 trips truck trips off the road that would be required to take this to landfills and so this is huge those same applies we've heard from the portal long beach same house so we're taking over 100 000 truck trips off the road by doing the project this way so it's environmentally it's a great project for all of us financially it's a great project for all of us and most importantly the public safety expert is important for everyone so it's a great day i've been working on this project for a long long time i also just thank our partners i thank former congresswoman jane harmon congresswoman janice hahn for their efforts in making this day a reality

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATTNLAW: more county bs spin by knobby what he has to explain is why he and la county have lied and committed fraud about the cash cow marina POLLUTION  and illegal discharges that make those waters IMPAIRED under CWA sec 303  by EPA I recently lodged a complaint with regional water against county on their pollution and fraudulent testing - ZINC -LEAD -COPPER as pollutants from  county gets a half a million dollars a month in slip fee's and lets the pollution continue which has f up the water quality

- Marina Del Rey Neighborhood Guide 2026 | Luxury Coastal Living Los Angeles, by Karma Auger 🏡: Kind: captions Language: en-US Marina del Rey, California is a premier destination for luxury coastal real estate in Los Angeles. Known for its world-class marina—the largest small-craft harbor in North America—this upscale waterfront community offers an exceptional blend of modern living, boating lifestyle, and oceanfront elegance. Buyers are drawn to Marina del Rey’s exclusive neighborhoods like the Silver Strand, Marina Peninsula, and Del Rey Arts District, which feature high-end beachfront homes, architectural townhouses, and luxury waterfront condos for sale. Many properties offer harbor views, private rooftop decks, and direct access to the beach or marina. Marina del Rey is ideal for those seeking a serene yet connected lifestyle—just minutes from Venice Beach, Playa Vista tech hubs, and LAX. With its combination of walkability, top-rated dining, yacht clubs, and scenic bike paths, this is one of the most desirable spots for luxury homebuyers in Southern California. Whether you're seeking a primary residence, vacation home, or investment property, Marina del Rey delivers upscale coastal living at its finest.

  Top Comments:
  1. @karmaauger: 👇 Thinking about buying or selling in Marina Del Rey or anywhere on the Westside of LA?

I specialize in luxury & off-market properties in Marina Del Rey, Malibu, Pacific Palisades, Santa Monica, Venice, and surrounding beach communities.

📩 DM me or use the contact link below for:
• Private showings
• Off-market opportunities
• Pricing & market insights
• Buyer & seller strategy
• Accurate home valuation
• Market timing insights
• Discreet off-market options
• Compare neighborhoods
• Understand pricing & lifestyle differences
• Find the best value near the beach

No pressure, just real info from a local expert.

CONTACT - 
Karma Auger - Sotheby's International Realty - DRE#02164341
https://karmaauger.com/contact-karma-auger/
+1.310.985.3295 Mobile

- Mastering navigation to sail through life: Kind: captions Language: en don't fall out guys okay let's get their bowel line just stay calm guys well done guys nice good teamwork sofia vasquez has an exciting day ahead of her maybe if there's wind we're going to go sailing she and her brother diego are part of a unique sailing camp at marina del rey we had to bring the the boat back up and after that we needed to use teamwork so we can pull ourselves back up on the boat bring it to the middle now lean back but don't fall out hundreds of kids have been able to enjoy lessons like these thanks to the department of beaches and harbors water youth program most of the students come from all over la we have scholarships for kids who are from low income families the sailing program allowed chase brower a former student to thrive and become a mentor himself despite his disabilities i kind of like have a feeling that like to help other people who had never done selling before and i helped them out chase was not terribly verbal five years ago and now uh he's getting you know he's more socially adept he mixes up for the kids but more importantly he can communicate communicate to other kids in language that we don't use as adults he's taught me how to be a a better sailor and feel where the wind's coming from and when a titan or loose in the sail maybe one day i can be um i can have his sailing experience the water program's youth sailing camp is a one-week rigorous sailing course which takes place during school holidays and summers each year about 15 classes are held right here at marina del rey water stands for water awareness training education and recreation it's been a program from the department of beaches and harbors for more than 20 years we've designed it to teach kids about the ocean and about the water we work with la county lifeguards to teach them how to sail or in other programs we bring them out to marina del rey and they learn how to kayak or paddle board and it's just a great opportunity for kids all over la even from places like lancaster palmdale it's a great opportunity for them to come to the water come learn about it maybe become future sailors themselves and the lessons they learn in the water can be applied to real life the kids come here they see an environment in a way of life that they've never been exposed to so we try to give them as many skills and as many opportunities when they're on the water working in the classroom getting set up to help other kids and to grow themselves always be calm because if you're not calm then like you get scared and stuff good job guys because handling rough waters is a mental sport

- Jon Nahhas - Boating Coalition - Hearing May 10th on Dock 52 Basin H - Proposed Boat Central - U...: Kind: captions Language: en hi john the house boating coalition this is as much bigger ramifications as you may or may not know in that defense are coming we've never had federal jurisdiction in marina del rey some of you heard patrick or excuse me patricia mcpherson talk you've heard john davis talk you've heard a lot of people talk about how this marina was built with the combination of county funds federal funds and state funds when the state backed out we actually lost a huge court case we being uh it was actually summa versus the state of california and in that lawsuit the attorney general of the united states essentially said that the state had no stake in marine del rey which only left two other players the county and the feds and the feds have never had been held accountable to get the federal hearing at this point i've been doing this for now 10 years we've never had the feds come in here and do a federal hearing may 10th will be the first federal hearing we've ever had in marina del rey that is very significant because now we can pin them and i got to use walker as my mentor you're probably well-intended people you know he showed you an email by dan swenson and it's interesting dan swenson and bonnie rogers and we can name all the different players they're all well-intended people i'm learning i'm learning um but they're doing the essentially the wrong thing in in not looking after our beautiful marina and they're letting peace meal development happening one by one by one and not looking at what we know as cumulative impacts and creating what is called an environmental impact statement now and this also kind of teeters on what walter's been doing in the way of looking at the santa monica bay restoration commission because they were at one point enacted to do an eis for the marina and they ended up backing out we won't get into that but at least this now gets put back in our lap to say we've got the feds coming here may 10th and we can start asking some very pointed questions to them as to what they think the cumulative impacts of this project the project next over in eye basin the projects across over on the west side of the harbor where is their responsibility in doing an environmental impact statement what happened to the santa monica bay restoration commission it creates a lot of uncomfortable uncomfortable decisions and uncomfortable uh possible answers that when we pose them they'll have to answer and when they don't answer a judge will say wait a minute this is kind of odd kind of like what walter's you know talking about being able to look at a a series of documents and looking at how things have been hidden from the public so in summation the feds are coming may 10th this is the first federal hearing in marina del rey since i've been in in 10 years and working in this 6 00 pm tuesday night please be here bring your friends please be able to speak and simply say why can we not like walter said have a much more informed decision-making public process about how we want the marina developed why can you not i mean it's a protection under the environmental protection act yet you're choosing it's a really nasty term independent utility i don't know if you heard that but independent utility means that they can simply take us off and say that this one little project doesn't amount to too much in the way of cumulative impacts and we have to say but wait a minute of course it does it not only has water impacts but it's got so many different social impacts because it's used for so many different things and you know kathy had mentioned burns it's got so many different cumulative impacts you can't just pass this off and say this is independent utility it won't wash there's going to be so many of us in this room that say no that's not right please you know you have to follow the environmental protection act you have to give us an environmental impact statement you have to conduct a cumulative environmental analysis as to what is going on the marina because as we all know there is way too much going on and this whole recreational aspect is going away the birds are going away this is turning into high-end high-density high-end development for just a few people and we cannot let that happen so please may 10 68 p.m tuesday be here bring your loudest voice and please keep it to yes or no questions we gotta pin them to the map with yes or no questions the attorney general you know i've gone through this process many times with the county and the state um and had to fight to say that they were telling us that we couldn't ask questions during you know during public meetings and we said that's not true and we have finally got the attorney general and our district attorney to chime in and tell these guys no you don't get to tell the public they're not allowed to ask questions during public meetings and we will be asking questions yes yeah we'll send that out we'll put it on the website we'll give you all these talking points all these yes or no questions and then you just ask it and then you wait and they will probably end up saying i'm sorry we don't have time to answer your question you're saying wait a minute it's a yes or no question yes or no there's really not a lot of grayer in some of the questions we'll be asking you either do this or you don't so they they have not done any environmental impact studies on these projects one after another environmental impact report is different from an environmental impact statement what we're finding is the eirs that have been done are easily the traffic reports everything by and large is easily kind of worked around whereas a federal environmental impact statement and the federal courts are much more demanding on this science convention i think we should um wrap up that's it thank you so much

- Newport Boats  California’s Gold 9025: Kind: captions Language: en California's gold is produced in association with KC Los Angeles and is seen Statewide on California public television this series is endorsed by the California Teachers Association the California school boards Association and the California Library Association warm sunshine swaying palm trees and breathtaking ocean views make Orange County theoc a relaxing vacation destination that is always in season 42 Mi of inviting beaches are right next door to worldclass shopping and internationally renowned art festivals close by our Championship golf courses in two of California's famous attractions the Disneyland Resort and nottsbury farm log on to visit the oc.com today learn why in the OC it's Forever Summer Costa basa the best of Southern California for pleasure or business you'll find there's plenty to do from morning till midnight just minutes from sparkling beaches in Costa Mesa dining and art and shoppings of passion Sav attractions like South Coast Plaza and the renowned theater and arts district choose from nine luxury hotels then dine shop and play in Costa Mesa where it's all about the experience well hello everybody I'm hu Hower and right now we're crossing the main channel of the Newport Beach Harbor of course Newport Beach has a very long and proud nautical history and that's what this adventure is all about in fact before this day is over we're going to actually go on board two of the most historic and colorful boats ever connected with Newport Beach we're going to have a lot of fun we're going to be out on the water in search of California's go now when you talk about bows and you talk about history and you talk about Newport and you talk about fun it doesn't get any more historic or fun than the baloa Island Ferry and that's where we're going to be spending the whole day The Adventure Starts right now on the ferry so here's the deal the cars come off the ferry and then it's time for us the lights turn green we drive on the ferry very carefully all the way to the end we've got the best view in the house right here stop your engine set your brake and get ready for the ride now the baloa island Fury has been a part of life in Newport Beach since the early 1900s taking cars and people on the short trip from baloa Island to the baloa peninsula and vice versa and just how long is this journey well the entire trip is less than 1,000 ft and takes just a couple of minutes but for those on board it's very exciting okay we're moving and you're used to this how many years have you been riding on this fairy boat oh at least 50 really yes and it really hasn't changed that much over the years has I have a feeling you've done this before many times I have my grandson tie with me uhuh this is his first trip it's a fixture of this area yeah you know and uh I don't know it's kind of when I was dating my wife I took her on this like uh of course it was all fogged in but try to get the romance going right are you riding this thing to cut your time down or to take more time take more time actually we came out last night the other night at about 11:00 this runs till midnight at night it was beautiful at night just we're about the only people out here we had you the ferry at 11 back and forth back and forth absolutely we got a group a first time group from Vancouver from Canada Canada what what got you on the baloa ferry today apparently it's a thing to do when you're in Newport so you had heard that that's right and so far uh our expectations have been exceeded well wait a minute you've only been on board 10 seconds yeah but look at the view and and we got a welcoming crew as well I mean feel pretty special well yeah we've got a hey you're in California you're on television that's what's supposed to happen to you when you come here right that's what it's all about I get on here and I'm always this is like my favorite part of the day I'm out here on the water look at this beautiful day with the choppy water it's just beautiful sometimes it's just crystal clear and I always get to talk to the fairy guys you know and ask them who's catching what out there and when you know during lobster season who's how many Lobster they're getting so this is kind of a way to find out what's going on in the community too everybody knows everybody around here yeah yeah it's a pretty tight little community and this is a pretty oldfashioned way of getting back and forth but I have a feeling it works just as well today as it ever did I'm sure it does and you know I love this Ferry I just love it I think it's so much fun it's just a short trip but what a nice trip well we're here mhm you got to get to work I got to get in my vehicle cuz nothing slows up the delivery of the United States mail that's the truth lots of local kids work on the ferry don't exactly a lot local people you know from high school they they get the job during the summer is it's it's a great summer job too you know and uh like me I got out of high school I started working here full-time and uh it's a it's a great job so wait a minute this transition from a summer job to a full-time job right and actually uh they're uh plan on getting my Captain's license so I can start driving them back and forth my uh my brother who works out here just got this captain's license so uh start uh piloting the ferry so you're going to go in your career from deck hand to ticket taker to Captain yes sir yep need 350 days of sea time and once you have that then you can uh get your captain's license you'll be a licensed captain on the baloa ferry yes sir and do you ever get tired because look it's just a short little trip back and forth 225 yard 225 yards do you ever get tired of just going back and forth and back and forth well sometimes it gets a little B onest but it's the the uh passing parade that makes the job interesting what do you mean the passing parade well there all kinds of people and uh different things happening when did it turn the corner and become not just a convenience but a part of the lore a part of the history a part of the fabric of Newport Beach did it almost start that way from the beginning I think it was sort of that way in the beginning uh you know there were the ferry boats had a progression there was a first there was a onecar fery and then a twocc car ferry and then three car ferry and then two three car fairies and now we have three three car fairies it's been about the same for about the last 50 years because you know the locals really think of this as their own they think of this as part of the community oh yeah we were we were shut down last week for 4 days to do some dock reconstruction people were really upset you know they didn't like that at all people count on using the ferry I have a feeling though the fery isn't going to go anywhere it's here for the duration I hope so I hope so that's that's what we have [Music] arrived at baloa Island safe and sound yet another Crossing has been successfully completed let's wait for the bump and we'll know we're here we're here okay get ready we're going big time on a big boat 136 ft long to be exact it's the wild goose and it's claimed to fame is that it used to belong to John Wayne it was his pride and joy well these days it's owned and operated by horn blower cruises who were nice enough to take us around Newport Bay on what has to be one of the most historic boats anywhere in California we are on board the wild goose it says it right there Newport Beach California and I'm standing with introduce your your s to everybody Bert my name is Captain Bert Mel and he was a captain too you were the captain for uh John Wayne for the last John Wayne for the last three years he was alive and before that you were first mate on board this boat for 13 years that's correct so this was John Wayne boat for 16 years right up until he died that's right yeah well what was it like I don't even know where to begin how do you tell the stories of John Wayne and the wild goose well I'm feel very lucky to be on board at the time my brother got me the job now when did you first meet John Wayne I was about 6 months after I joined the vessel uh we were in I think it was laaz Mexico and he showed up we didn't meet him until the next morning they arrived in the evening and uh so anyway the captain asked me to meet the Duke so we stuff into the main salon on the lower deck uh and we have a little small talk how I served a 5-year apprenti as a ship's Carpenter Etc and then all of a sudden I noticed him looking at my new shoes he goes and then walks up to me puts his hand on my shoulder but always spit on new shoes for good luck he spit on your shoes that must have scared you to death I was dumbfounded was it informal on board was how did how did that work when he was on board did you know it was there a sense that the guy was here oh yeah we'd be more on our toes our 10 uniforms pressed clean good shoes he used to get his Stater room doors on the other side of the ship so he would get up at say 7 7:30 or so and walk around the deck exercise maybe 20 times we're coming in to John Wayne's State room and Bert this is a pretty good sized bedroom here it looks a little wider than a normal king-sized bed and I think it was made that way for the Duke he so this is his actual bed you'd sleep on that side 6'4 and A2 250 lb maybe a little more and P had some stuff around here on the top religious she was a Catholic but basic this is the original painting that Duke picked out oh wow and well originally this woodwork was yellow kind of a speckled yellow uh they varnished it to make it darker cleaned it up a little bit yeah exactly let's look at the bathroom this is interesting in here because it's so big look at the size there's a five glass bathtub wow look at the size of this bathroom this is huge this might be person this is as big as a lot of boats little hotel yeah but there used to be a crack in the bottom of this tub when it was fabulous right angle CRA around here and we'd fix that thing over and over again kept Rec cracking you know you remember every little detail about this thing sure I know every square inch of this thing now walking down here this pretty much looks like the way it would have looked right yeah this is all original except for this higher spot here the Flying Bridge uh-huh but all of these Port holes yeah would have been here just like this polish brass did he like to run a tight ship did he know much about the sea he knew enough so we tried to keep the boat Immaculate like it is now he knew about the sea though didn't he he knew a little bit about ships oh sure he claimed that one of his biggest disappointments in life was missing out at getting into Annapolis you he may have ended up as an admiral instead of a cowboy star so he applied to Anapolis yeah in his early 20s I believe and just barely missed getting in missed by one place I was told see isn't that interesting if he had gotten in Annapolis he probably never would have gone into the movie that's correct yeah would have been a whole different lifestyle okay we're coming down to the main deck to see the most famous table in Newport Beach what happened right here on this table bird well the table could tell some stories I'm sure but I have to be diplomatic and watch what I say but he would have dinners here in evenings with his family and friends uh card games and backg got lot and this is the original table I believe it's cor wood KO a I believe wow from Hawaii it's amazing that they say this there was a split yeah there is a split here someone sat on the end and it split and they glued it together now it might be the other side I remember painting this deck many a Time painting the deck varnishing the deck well this is Harlow's idea I think used to be light gray paint when I first joined the ship it was a maroon paint which I didn't care for but uh but yeah I've been on my hands and knees with a three or 4 inch brush painting for hours on here yeah I don't know why we didn't use a roller it a lot quicker and we enjoyed taking care of the boat how many crew members did you have generally six full-time crew members six full-time crew members you have the captain the engineer first mate maybe two Dak hands and a steward Steward would take care of the guests bunks make up the bunks what about a chef oh a chef also his name was Billy sweat he was with us for 12 years what kind of food did he specialize in in fact I was mentioning the other day I said I miss those steaks we used to have on the wild goose the finest meat have tasted well he said it should taste good it was 30 bucks a pound in those days so John Wayne didn't skimp when it came to to to food to his steak oh heck no no in fact he came in the galley one time and said no crew is going to eat as good as the crew on the wild goose and it was he was right so the crew ate well as well I would gain about 10 pounds every trip basically this was always a family boat for John Wayne wasn't it I mean that's his primary use of this boat yes that's right it was his great getaway from Hollywood with his wife wife and the children I think they were the happiest times of his life it's absolutely wonderful just walking on board here here we're now leaving the stern of the boat I almost hate to call it a boat it's big enough to be a ship we're leaving the stern and we're going up to the bow to visit the Wheelhouse where you spent a lot of time a lot of that time John Wayne was with you now there's a pose for you right there here's Bert we're in the Wheelhouse and Bert you actually sat in this this chair with your feet up like this that's right I would stand my 4-Hour watch like this mhm watching out for ships or buoys or whatever well you're recreating history right here and doing a darn good job of it right there you feel comfortable like this don't you and the Duke would sit here occasionally too really and look over your shoulder well yeah watch what's going on and maybe have a cocktail or two and absolutely all right so you're the old Captain sit where you used to sit here's the new captain you don't sit in that chair and put your feet up too do you we reserve that for a bird okay good enough we leave that for a bird now does this look pretty much the way it would have looked years ago pretty close and I'm sure Bert can correct me even better the uh Bridge engine room Telegraph is original the ship steering wheel is all original has the original old binacle with with the added benefits of newer stuff that the Coast Guard nowadays requires for us to have and when you took over as Captain how important was your was it to you the whole idea that John Wayne this was John Wayne's Boat honestly this is what has what I feel has absolutely made my career I I remember starting out really young and and the one boat that I wanted to drive is the wild was the wild goose and and you know fortunately enough here I am and and I I I would pay for the chance luckily I don't have to but I would pay for the chance do you feel his Spirit here kind of the sense of I like I definit I definitely like to think so yeah definitely like to think so especially we're fortunate enough to have B come by and and and visit us and it it's very important to us keeping the history alive of the old yacht B come on over here cuz you haven't would you stand right here where would you stand would you right here and rather than mess up the polished brass we'd stay like this I got you and we still do that to this day does it have a good uh steering mechanism this started off as a m sweeper so it really wasn't well it's as the autopilot you know it's quite easy to uh we used have a knob here on the compass to put on autopilot but this is a little well they had to update it a little bit yeah how does it feel being back in the Wheelhouse wonderful I'm ready to go to Seattle right now or Mexico now here's a picture of John Wayne standing right at the you took this picture do you remember that day I certainly do yeah his whole body was slathered with suntan lotion and that's the reason there's a little shine on his cheek uhhuh well he was protecting himself against the Rays someone stole that hat in the last year he was alive we were doing a charter in Seattle and one of the guests stole his hat and he was ticked off uh oh now we've done it we've put Bert back at the wheel back at home back back at home how does it feel being back at the wheel feels great this is the real thing too he really is doing this thing now you're the captain now yes sir this boat is no longer obviously you know John Wayne's Boat but it's still the wild goose and it's it's got a new life oh you bet you bet still I mean arguably the most famous you know yacht in America I would say you know thank goodness from the years that Bert was on it and all that stuff and the reputation that she has but uh yeah nowadays we do corporate parties weddings birthday parties and uh public cruises stuff like that and the old girl had to uh go to work since she since uh John Wayne passed unfortunately she had to pay her keep she has to pay her keep yeah but I bet you that she's still there's still this wonderful cache that this used to be John Wayne's Boat still today that's got to mean a lot it carries its obvious weight more so in gold and it's a big boat you know so it uh just we have people come here that that Pilgrim P do a pilgrimage out out to the West Coast just and they show up at the fence and just admire the old boat just because they remember either when they were in town as a kid and saw saw the Duke and Bert going along in those days or you know just the Bert's book or just through song and Fable of of the Americana that the wild goose is well it's a legend AR boat Bert's a legendary Captain keep your eyes on the road though Bert okay thank you so much for sharing your memories with us thank you for allowing us on board Captain absolute pleasure we've had an absolutely wonderful day here in Newport Beach we've been visiting two boats this one the wild goose and then earlier today we were on board the old baloa Island fairy which has been around a long lot of history you saw today so we've been on a big boat a little boat that's right and we have had an absolutely wonderful day here in Newport Beach on the water we were looking for California's gold and boy did we find it we've had an absolutely wonderful day and there he is right there he's California's gold as well still cutting a pretty good form there at the wheel he's keeping us on the straight and narrow I'm ready to go to saddle l well hello everybody I'm hu Hower and I sure hope you enjoyed our day on the water in Newport Beach lot of history there and if you'd like to go on this adventure again share it with family or friends or perhaps donate a copy to your local school or Library it's available on video cassette and on DVD all you have to do is call 1 800 266-5727 and we'll be glad to send it to you right away warm sunshine swaying palm trees and breathtaking ocean views make Orange County the OC a relaxing vacation kny farm log on to visit the oc.com today learn why in the OC it's Forever sparkling beaches in Costa Mesa dings and art and shoppings a passion Savor choose from nine luxury hotels then dime all about the experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @pattymcswain2168 [3 likes]: The mail lady is me. I still feel the same today.
  2. @passadonut [1 likes]: What year did Howell video this ? Oh 2008?
  3. @westho7314 [1 likes]: I too was a Masterbaiter then deckhand on the Island Holiday at Davey's Locker/ Balboa Pavilion back in the 60's. OC coast was a nice place back in the day. Now its just a huge, over rated parking lot.
  4. @brianbirc [1 likes]: I met a guy working on the fishing boats out of that place. He started as a summer job and stuck with it as a deckhand on the charter fishing boat many years. He was awarded the top deckhand award doing this. The captain gave him the award vest with the title on it in large letters. He was the MASTER BAITER ! 
If you are a new fisherman and need some help you need to be MASTER BAITED
  5. @joellynmaggio2787: Can you ride on the wild goose?
  6. @MountainFisher: I used to live on Balboa Island and the ferry was 10 cents to go across on foot. I think a car was a dollar, but I was 14 and didn't have a car so I could be wrong. I remember when the Wild Goose would come into Newport Bay and it tied up to a buoy over by Lido Island where John Wayne lived. Mostly though they kept the Wild Goose in Oceanside Harbor because of its size. It is really too big for the harbor.

- California's Gold #10009 - NEWPORT BOATS: Kind: captions Language: en we're on board the wild goose a wild goose chase the most famous table in Newport Beach leads to fame and fortune look at the size of this bag when the adventure continues with you

- Newport International Boat Show returns to the waterfront: Kind: captions Language: en PROGRAM TEACHES FIRST RESPONDERS HOW TO INTERACT WITH AND HELP PEOPLE WHO USE DRUGS. THE NEWPORT INTERNATIONAL BOAT SHOW HAS RETURNED TO THE CITY'S FAMED TO DOWNTOWN WATERFRONT. IT OPENED THIS MORNING AND RUNS >> NOW IN ITS 53RD YEAR, THE EVENT IS CONSIDERED ONE OF THE LARGEST IN WATER BOAT SHOWS IN THE COUNTRY SPANNING MORE THAN 15 ACRES. SPECTATORS CAN WALK THE DOCKS AT THE NEWPORT YACHTING CENTER MARINA AND CHECK OUT NEW SAILBOATS IN POWER. BOATS, SOME OF WHICH ARE MAKING THEIR FIRST EVER DEBUT IN THE UNITED STATES NEW

- The Gilded Age | What it was Like to Summer in Newport, Rhode Island: Kind: captions Language: en for the titans of the Gilded Age the place to be in the summer was not Fifth Avenue in New York or the Sham ciz in Paris instead the coveted summer address was along bellw Avenue in Newport Rhode Island to escape the heat wealthy families from New York Boston and Philadelphia chose Newport as the place to see and be scene the city by the Sea gained favor as a popular summer getaway due to its mild climate and million dooll ocean views here American millionaires sought to outshine each other at balls Banquets Carriage parades concerts and sporting events among many other entertainments Newport became the place to spend the summer for members of the 400 the rich and those social climbers who wanted to be accepted among the right people that was especially true after William backous Aster Jr and his wife Caroline purchased Beachwood in 1881 with that Newport became the place for the old money to Summer and the new money quickly followed in the 40-year period between 1870 and 1910 hundreds of large summer homes were built in what had long been a relatively quiet and elegant summer Outpost the whoo who of high society built spectacular summer Mansions modeled after European palaces the owners of these Grand Estates refer to them as Cottages but don't let the name fool you some had over 50 rooms and could accommodate large numbers of guests the Newport Mansions were built to make a statement about wealth and status and no expense was spared in constructing the palacial properties the architectural one upmanship included manicured Gardens extensive collections of art ornate ballrooms and the latest in modern technology electricity running water ice makers telephones and inh home intercom systems to call upon their servants when Cornelius Vanderbilt thei built the breakers his status as one of America's richest men was on full display with 48 bedrooms 50ft ceilings in the Great Hall bakara crystal chandeliers Platinum leaf on the walls and a music room that was built in France disassembled and shipped to the states to be reassembled set on 11 acres the house occupying an acre itself Richard mois Hunt built the grandest house in Newport and one of the grandest in the history of the US arriving guests entering the Great H looked directly toward a wall of glass overlooking the lawn and the Sea the house was inaugurated on August 14th 1895 by the coming out party of the Vanderbilt's daughter Gertrude 300 attended and the catian was led by Gertrude and her partner Liz paned Stewart who was regarded as the best dancer in Newport Crossways the grand White columned Mansion Where Mrs dcent fish scandalized turn of the century Society with such entertainments as her servants ball for which guests dressed up as footmen and skullery Maids Marble House a neoclassical Mansion began as a birthday present for Alva Vanderbilt in 1888 the home was constructed of 500,000 cubic feet of marble and Drew inspiration from the petite Triano at ver Marble House was built right next door to Alva's onetime Nemesis Mrs AER who occupied the 62 room Beachwood more than 2 million had been spent on construction and another 11 million on decor and interior during building ala had high walls constructed so that no one could see what was going up her move was not popular and the neighbors were in an uproar when it was finally visible as it was the most palacial house in Newport at the time and was right on bellw Avenue for all to see they called it a marble house for a marble heart the homes Gold Room is considered to be the most opulently decorated room in Olive Newport and was host to many balls and dances the Chinese Tea House on the grounds overlooks the seaside Cliffs cliffwalk a 3 and 1/2 Mile Scenic path runs along the coastline off bellw Avenue right at the foot of the summer cottages this public access was Troublesome to the residents early on as it intruded on their privacy in those days the public was just as intrigued by the social Elite as we are today so it was decided to sink cliffwalk by 12T or so so the Walkers couldn't see the houses they were traveling by only the sea The Elms may have been modeled after an 18th century French Chateau touting a sunken garden that evokes a Parisian domain but it was decidedly modern as one of the first houses in America wired for electricity with the largest Ballroom in Newport rosecliffe was built for entertaining and was home to some of the summer social Seasons sink Suare marrying the extravagance of the Roman Emperor Empire its summer residents spent Millions on entertainment for the 8 to 10 weeks of the Season it was not uncommon for the most affluent to set aside $100,000 to $300,000 or more for the season the ladies who were leaders in society commanded the large number of servants necessary for the upkeep of the Cottages the queens of American society such as Mrs Herman olrick Mrs St fish Mrs William back house AER and Mrs William K Vanderbilt were pay Setters and created a new standard for social entertaining each season a proper Newport Hostess to maintain her social standing would have to hold six dinner parties with 60 guests each and two balls with an invitation list of 600 each the girls got along fairly well although they all had very strong and dominating personalities one of the issues that could create friction was who got the prized men to always be present at their parties Society in Newport was very much a woman's game The Men Who made the money that allowed for all this social climbing and party giving stayed away from it for the most part they worked in the city during the week and came to Newport for the weekend via private railroad cars and steam yachts there were a few male clubs that were off limits to women as well as yachting a favorite for many and the husbands did dutifully show up at some of the dinners and balls but as for planning and playing the social game most men simply were not interested aside from one certain gentleman who made Newport a Bonafide hotspot of the Gilded Age in the 1850s Ward McAllister a lawyer bought a home in the area McAllister made the place famous for his picnics an invitation to one of his summer picnics could make or break a hopeful social climber guests included New York's most powerful families aers Whitney Vanderbilts wet Moores they picnicked alongside diplomats state and local political figures and even artists however McAllister once commented Do Not For a Moment imagine that all were indiscriminate asked to these little fets if you were not in the Inner Circle it took the combined efforts of all your friends backing and pushing to procure an invitation for you these exclusive summer picnics were held at Bayside Farm's rustic white farmhouse and pictures Livestock in the pastures were rented specifically for the occasion it created a romantic outof Town feeling that seemed like a novelty guests feasted on Rich delicacy and enjoyed champagne and wine from McAllister's meticulously curated collection afterwards there was dancing in the barn where a brilliant chandelier hung from the rafters between food decorations table settings music and other Essential Elements for hosting 140 people one of McAllister's picnics cost roughly $28,000 in today's money during the warmer months m frequently entertained his high-profile guests by the sea in Gilded Age Newport even a day at the beach was a prestigious occasion in the 1890s newly electrified trolley lines made Easton's Beach accessible to the general public to the dismay of its better healed patrons not wanting to associate with the masses newport's wealthy claimed a small strip at the far end of bellw Avenue as their own and formed the spouting Rock Beach Association better known as Bailey's Beach mornings were spent at the beach club where a woman sat arrayed listening to the strains of an orchestra it was maintained by beachmen dressed in white with rows of bath houses with initials painted on them identifying their owners Alva Vanderbilt could be seen carrying a green umbrella into the water with her to protect her Fair complexion it became the most exclusive place in the Newport Social Scene if you are invited to a bathing party at Bailey's you are definitely one of the chosen but exclusivity does not always equate to higher quality Bailey's Beach was not a pleasant place to swim it was small and cramped and because of its location was plagued by a heavy growth of seaweed just offshore the public beach was much larger more pleasant and seaweed free but if they had even the slightest concern for their reputation a member of the upper class would not be caught dead there everyone in Rhode Island had a much closer relationship with boats and the water during the guilded Age fairies were the transport of the day with only one small Bridge spanning the sakon river a quid neck Island on which Newport is located was largely cut off from the mainland except by sea but the water wasn't just used for travel the prestigious New York Yacht Club made Regular cruises through Newport and families and clubs sponsored individual races on naragon siip Bay that were often covered in the New York Times Ogden golet owner of ochre court and James Gordon Bennett Jr were among some of the era who sponsored sailing cups bearing their names the trophies were made by the best silver Smiths of the age including Tiffany and Co and the Goram Manufacturing Company of Providence the Yachts were in the harbor at Newport often only to pick up their owners who would then be off with Pals and parties on cruises that removed them from the Newport social scene for most Season as with any Leisure activity when the elite families of Newport took to the water to enjoy the popular pastime of yachting they wanted the best and in Rhode Island the bestman fine from the haris shof Manufacturing Company in Bristol the biggest names of the Gilded Age were harrishof customers and yting was as significant a means of displaying your wealth and privilege as coaching or having a magnificent Mansion built or racing horses tailgating was very much a part of the social and sporting scene during the Gilded Age and Newport was the home of the first Polo Club in the United States States it all started in 1876 when New York Herold publisher James Gordon Bennett Jr invited a group of high society Sportsmen for a polo demonstration at his estate by the end of the night a rail car of horses had arrived for the match and the new found Polo devotees were hooked the group founded the Westchester Polo Club and based their playing season in Newport where most had summer residences the club originally played at Morton Park on kajes Shaw Avenue later establishing formal Polo Grounds off Ocean Drive eventually the game started to catch on in other cities along the Eastern Seaboard the Westchester Polo Club was the first and became a founding member of the United States Polo Association the club lasted for several Generations but ceased to be active after 1929 another bellw Avenue hotspot was a playground for the city's Elite in 1879 the same James Gordon Bennett Jr bet his friend Captain Henry Augustus candy that he wouldn't ride his Polo horse across the porch of the Newport reading room the notoriously stuffy Social Club where both were guests candy raised the BET riding his horse not only across the porch but through the building and ride out the back door disturbing members along the way the guest privileges revoked Bennett resolved to open his own social club and the Newport Casino was born at least that's the story that's been passed down through the years in reality the businessman was already in talks with architectural firm McKim me and white about constructing a new Social Club when he purchased the parcel on bellw Avenue in 1879 construction was completed in just 6 months and on July 26th 1880 a soft opening was held with guest admittance by invitation only one week later on August 2nd the public was invited to inspect the premises and more than 3,000 attended far from the modern concept of a casino as a gambling institution originally a casino was a summerh house or social club likewise the Newport Casino was a social venue that included both public outdoor spaces and a private club the horizontal facade on Belleville avenue included storefronts gentleman's lodging and a restaurant on the ground floor with Club rooms reading rooms and Billards on the second and third floors Gables tall chimneys small windows and open air porches completed architecture the grounds were designed to include a court tennis facility bowling alley and Lawn Tennis Courts they would have concerts horse shows flower shows and once the automobile entered the scene car shows and then there was this new sport that had recently hopped across the pond called lawn tennis for its first 34 years the casino played host to what would eventually become the US Open the ladies went in the late mornings dressed to the nines to sit under their umbrella was and to watch the tennis matches on other days the casino hosted mixed doubles club play with men and women playing together Fabrics such as linen and wool hid perspiration and women often played in their corsets and long skirts in addition to tennis the club held balls concerts and social events in the Casino theater the seats of the theater could be removed allowing room for dancing the public for a small fee could purchase tickets to stand in the balcony and observe the elite parting down below archery Lawn Bowling tea parties croquet and squash were all part of the social offerings writing 3 days after the opening the Newport News boasted it is doubtful if a more lively place can be found the daily diversion at Newport was an afternoon drive or Co parade every day the ladies in their hor drawn carriages led by footmen drove down Bell Avenue waving and nodding at one another it was customary to dress in your best finery for this daily circuit between Wilderness and waves the ladies got around in a variety of carriages chosen especially for the occasion Mrs penbroke Jones could be seen in the early hours on the streets in her morning carriage Jones was from North Carolina and was famous in Newport for her Southern dinners spending a summer in Newport required the proper wardrobe there were different dresses for every occasion 80 to 90 in a season worn only once or twice from the 1890s up to the 1910s Vogue extensively covered Newport focusing on what to wear in 189 six they reported at Newport alone is this summer picture seen at its best set in residential gorgeousness and environed with the splendors of wealth one must look for what is smartest and find the models of Fashion's latest Capri the outside world takes Delight in these fine leaders and enjoys with pride being their followers what New Port woman do and wear is a law from east to west north to south so grass Lawns are the most Chic by far whether plain embroidered in white or pink blue yellow mauve or rought with marbles of Lace incrustations supplemented by many fine needle workk traceries and lavish use of lace edings summer pageantry was never quite so much on display as it was in Gilded Age Newport with many of the summer cottages saved by the preservation society and available for touring the the glittering social life of dinners Sports and parties are now forever kept Alive by the Magnificent buildings that once housed them

  Top Comments:
  1. @lavishhistory9751 [13 likes]: Thank you for watching! I previously made a video on the mentioned Petit Trianon at Versailles if you would like to learn more about it. Like, comment and subscribe for more videos.
  2. @130crowd [7 likes]: At 1:12, you make an error in showing a painted photograph of The Towers in Narragansett, RI while describing it as Newport.  Upsets the locals! 
It would be great to credit the art you display with the artists’ names and dates. Many homes were shown with no description or date at all. And, please learn the correct pronunciations!
  3. @juneHouse-j8i [7 likes]: Regrettably, many of the images shown here are not from Newport.
  4. @mlaine2 [6 likes]: Pleasant voice, but too much up talk. Every sentence sounds like a question 🙄
  5. @peterpicard4028 [5 likes]: Nice video, but please make narration less sing-songy...phew
  6. @bleeka325 [4 likes]: Buying a ticket to watch rich people have a party is crazy lol
  7. @alejandrohazera7895 [2 likes]: Thanks so much for this video. I live in a modest home right off of Bellevue. I love Newport.
  8. @louisemerriman1079 [2 likes]: To an English person your voice is like nails on a chalkboard . Sorry
  9. @workingtaxpayer1201 [2 likes]: Men have difficulty hearing high tones… This woman is full of high tones… Not so good
  10. @bsota8513 [2 likes]: I hate ai narration.
  11. @JaneLefroy-zs7ph [1 likes]: Young people really struggle to narrate.. they aren’t researching enough to know how their cadence should fall, where the emphasis should land, intonaion, taking appropriate pauses…tgey learned off TikTok so they have monotoned and slow 😐😬
  12. @bobl4419 [1 likes]: Really bad video.   Let's get it right next time how about some color instead of some dingy old crappy photos of these houses how dare you
  13. @Emily-di8uf [1 likes]: Love the paintings and graceful dictation you have while explaining where I grew up! Small side note: 2 of the pictures are of Narragansett, but that’s a very close second when it comes to the smallest state! 😂
  14. @davidlukow5694 [1 likes]: Well done! This is Newport Iced Tea: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy16JxdnwEU
  15. @johnbelmore1178: My mother worked at marble house
  16. @PaulaByrneJazz: Loved the history and the stories. Thank you. If you speak up a bit, the balance of voice volume to consonants will be better. Your very quiet flat speech made it sound like ASMR.   It was difficult to listen to. Really enjoyed the content though.
  17. @kingkole72: The narrator’s voice and cadence makes this unwatchable 😖
  18. @SM16: Thank You very much for this wonderful tale of history. 💝💖
  19. @beverlyreiner-baillargeon6205: Oh, what fun, that was ❤❤
  20. @Modguy61: Thank you for posting this wonderful view of Gilded Age Newport's past! I hope to visit this beautiful town one day.

- Partiers on Nantucket Yacht ‘had been making adult films’ before doc’s arrest: report: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @matttaylor817 [5 likes]: Let this dude have his fun. He's on death row already
  2. @blueballsbkueballs [4 likes]: This man need to be saved
  3. @tomcassidy2525 [3 likes]: if this yacht is rockin ... dont bother knocking
  4. @Lyno-u7x [3 likes]: Going out with a bang, so to speak.
  5. @ganjacat8408 [2 likes]: LET HIM GO HE DID NOTHING
NOTHING
NOTHING
WRONG
  6. @jimjr6919 [2 likes]: The SS Mino⚓!!! Where do I sign up for a 3 hour tour?? Maybe we'll get stuck on a Island???
  7. @truthwarrior2727: I’ll tell you what really happened most likely someone went into a Khole and freaked out and thought they were dying because of you mix those two high and low together a weird experience occurs that guy needs Christ not that!
  8. @sjs928: TERMINAL CANCER.... couldnt have happened to a nicer guy

- Dr. Winslow's Heart, A Love Story about Coming Home to Nantucket: Kind: captions Language: en we were lucky enough to spend summers in quit nits each year in the old life-saving station also known as humane house number 61 summers in quid net were simple and fun we had free rein for adventures biking sailing swimming games on the beach and fishing this is me we caught a lot of blue fish an UGG from the next day my mother would make something called Luna fish which none of us liked this is a story about a story that we were told when we were children we always thought it was a ghost story but it turns out that it is really a love story about coming home to Nantucket the story of dr. Winslow's heart would usually be told to us while we were gathered around the fire on a dark Knight Charles F Winslow was born in a house on India Street in 1811 when the American flag had only 15 stars and James Madison was president when he died the flag had 38 stars and ulysses s grant was president in 1811 there were six thousand eight hundred and seven people living on Nantucket the Nantucket Enquirer was first published in 1821 the Great Fire wiped out most of town in 1846 in 1855 Dorcas honorable the last Native American Indian died and of course Nantucket was the whaling capital of the world dr. Winslow had a natural curiosity about the world he was trained by his loving mother Phebe Winslow in such a manner that he quickly outdistanced every other pupil in the Nantucket school in 1834 he graduated from Harvard Medical School he became a doctor a lawyer and an advanced student of astronomy and the nature of the universe he spent time in many far-flung places including the Hawaiian Islands Tahiti Chile and California he married Lydia coffin Jones and became one of the islands most prominent physicians after his wife's death in 1874 dr. Winslow made his will and it was unique I requests order and command that if in the course of eight and forty hours it be positively proved that I am dead my heart shall be removed from my body by a competent anatomist placed his strong glass vessel having a ground glass stopper and that this vessel be immediately filled for the purpose of embalming my heart the saturated solution of Murie eight of ammonia I order this vessel put in a thick oak box may Justice sighs and the Box saturated with coal tar this I wished enclosed in a plain pine case and buried in the south of new town burying ground on the island of Nantucket where I was born my dear father lies by my mother's side and a single stone records their final resting place thus made this sacred spot be known where I wish my heart to rest i order that my body be burned and placed in the same grave at Mount Auburn in Boston which contains the precious remains of my great dear and beloved wife signed dr. Charles F Winslow his instructions were carried out and there is evidence that he may have been the first person in the West to be cremated his ashes are buried with Lydia on mound Avenue at Mount Auburn in Boston under some very tall and old trees there are nine town owned cemeteries onion Tucket and they are just about completely full you might be familiar with some of them such as the Quaker burial ground which has over 5,000 Quakers in it stacked like dominoes but only 56 tombstones the Quakers did not believe in earthly bonds or frivolous ornamentation I often wonder what they would think of Nantucket today as children we would go visit dr. Winslow's grave and maybe leave a shell or some flowers the grave marker then flush with the ground was easy to find I had not been there in many years when last summer my friend James and I set out to find it one night we had no luck intrigued I went back the next afternoon and after some more looking was able to find the parents tombstone which had toppled over onto the ground I was about to give up on finding the marker for dr. Winslow's heart when I fell backwards into a hole and there it was completely grown over I came back here I'm looking for City Council I found it it's buried under the ground Charles F Winslow you don't think we're gonna get arrested II [Music] the reason we know that the story is true is that Edward Rho snow a student of New England maritime history researched and wrote about it in the 1940s he came to the island to verify the story most of the Islanders he asked had never heard of dr. Winslow's Hart but enough had that he was able to investigate further he obtained permission to have the caretaker of the new town cemetery use an iron prod to poke around the ground at the foot of the parents grave and not too far down he hit a hard object that was the size of a small box they dug it up and opened it and inside was a smaller box holding the glass vessel with dr. Winslow's heart exactly as he had so long ago instructed in an autumn issue of The Enquirer and mirror in 1947 there was a small article about the mystery that read dr. Winslow died on 7 777 1877 in Salt Lake City and had sent his heart across the country to be buried at his native Nantucket an anonymous Nantucket resident admitted that he buried the heart at midnight one autumn night in 1878 with that admission the case has been marked closed you know how when someone dies were told but you'll always have the memories well that's true but only for a generation or two after that we have only the stories and the stories must be told in order for them to stay alive and not to completely disappear above you night breezes seem to whisper I love you birds singing in the sycamore tree dream a little dream of me say nighty-night and kiss me just hold me tight and tell me you miss me when I'm alone and blue as can be dream a little dream of me stars fading but I linger on dear still craving your keys I'm longing to linger till dawn dear just same sweet dreams till sunbeams find you sweet dreams that leave a worries behind you but in your dreams whatever they be dream a little dream of me

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nvrsettle111: Nantucket has had my heart since the very moment I discovered her existence. ❤️
  2. @piperleigh5038: Beautiful,  ty
  3. @LBBEE-xl8qj: There is something about Nantucket that calls me. I've been in all 50 states at least once but never been to the island as of yet. There is something that calls me there, I don't know what. Maybe its a past life as I am fascinated with the whole history of whaling .

- Beautiful & Wild Nantucket Wedding Weekend at Dreamland & Great Harbor Yacht Club | Highlight Film: Kind: captions Language: en it means the world to Emily and Brian that you all came here through all of the weather challenges fairy and flight cancels and bumpy seas and air with smiles on your faces and Ling your heart Hearts it's such a wonderful tribute to the special bond and love that Emily and Brian share for each other their families and their friends you bring out the best in one another and the best in all of us continue to explore new places and ideas with the devotion and love that are in your hearts always remember that you have everyone here tonight cheering you on in all the use it up to achieve it started with meeting you online and then in Central Park there's so much I can say about what we've done these past 6 years but if the past is any indication of what's to come I can't wait so here's what I'm promising you today in front of our closest friends and family I promise to love you more and more each day even when we're old and wrinkly although let's face it with your skincare routine I'll be the wrinkly one today I've just made a vow to be with you for the rest of my life I love you [Music] Emily it is an absolute honor to be here with you all celebrating the love between Brian and Emily the love and respect these two have for each other is admirable and even enviable for me it's incredible the way they bring each other back to homeostasis which most of the time is Emily pulling my brother back down to earth Emily you have so much love to give and you've taught me countless ways to convey it in your gestures gifts consideration and care of me and my family you've proven to my mom that children do in fact text their parents just to say hi I'm so grateful and lucky that you're choosing my brother my my own brother we have always had few words for each other so I'm proud of you you lucky bastard how do I sum up 32 years of life together and when I have remained at each other's side since the very beginning from following in each other's ski tracks sleeping in the same tiny twin bed even after our parents gave us each bunk beds to a milestone year celebrating our wedding ings within months of one another Emily is The Guiding Light of our family and our twinship always supportive courageous and confident there isn't a challenge she isn't ready to meet an idea too large to conquer or a situation too minor where she isn't right there to be her Fierce and loyal Advocate my sweet Emily oh my from a young girl to the confident and accomplished young lady becoming the lovely new bride whom we celebrate today how honored I am to be your dad I don't know oh look here comes Brian welcome to the family Brian you're a competitive energy and enthusiasm power forward mindset and a Marvel to witness polite and calm thoughtful and inquisitive beautiful Tracy Andy and papa you were to be congratulated for raising such a fine young man he's always thinking about the next big thing he's relentlessly ambitious most of all and I think most importantly his belief in himself those around him his loved ones to achieve those dreams is something I find remarkable it is with great joy that I welcome everyone here to the Garden of the historic hadwin house to witness the wedding of Brian lie and Emily Katherine Wilson although this might not be the weather that we had hoped for we couldn't be with a better group of people I asked Brian and Emily individually what marriage means to them and unsurprisingly they had nearly identical responses to both of them marriage is the joining of two people who are individuals but coming together like pieces in a jigsaw puzzle it's about finding someone who will challenge you to be a better person someone to stand with you and give you the confidence needed to seek out new experiences and Adventures this is a time of sacrifice and commitment and it is where Brian and Emily are on the cusp of today ready to begin the next phase of their life together by the power vested in Me by the great Commonwealth of Massachusetts I officially bless this marriage I happily introduce Mr and Mrs Brian and Emily live you may now kiss the [Applause] bride this week marks 6 years since we first met since then you've brought Clarity purpose and more laughter into my life than I ever could have imagined you've encouraged me to expand my perspective and shown me the joy in living life a little less planned kind of like the sweet pent growing up my dad used to say he'd count as lucky stars for our family and I never fully understood the meaning behind those words until I met you Brian I count my lucky stars for the incredible person you are and the perfectly imperfect life we're building together Brian thank you for being a rock for Emily a steady source of ability of care and of love for her we couldn't ask for a better man for her to share her life with Emily it's an honor to be your friend to grow up with you and to be by your side on your wedding day I love you so much and wish you the best life together as a mom I couldn't ask for anything more for my daughter and son-in-law cheers salute compai aot Sante masle and gamb however you choose to say it we love you guys

- Love never fails | St Mary's + Great  Harbor Yacht Club, Nantucket Island: Kind: captions Language: en love is patient love is kind it does not rejoice over wrongdoing but rejoices with the truth [Music] believes all things solve things endures all things Love Never Fails we are looking at not just today but the rest of your lives together thank you for teaching us what love is all about I believe if you two keep dancing your way through life you too will have a lifetime of love Kim and I want to welcome everybody to Nantucket as many of you know this is one of our favorite places on Earth and we're so glad to see everybody make it here over the years that we've gotten to know Aaron we have absolutely fallen in love with this girl and we can see why she's absolutely perfect for Brendan it warms our hearts that this wedding is very very right and we are excited to welcome Aaron into our family marrying you ever had to make and I can't wait to treat you the way you deserve because you deserve the very best love peace I just cried are we hello my hands are facing I know they're cool hand warm's heart so Brendan and I met for Brendan to discuss with me his intention to want to marry Aaron Brendan expressed his admiration to both Trisha and me in raising Aaron to be the righteous and grounded woman she is today I thank you Brendan what a guy you are [Applause] and now we stand with Aaron and Brendan on the day they intend to form a Home of Their Own for them this is a moment of unique importance so let us support them with our affection with our friendship and with our prayer it gives me a great joy and honor and a privilege to introduce to you Mr and Mrs Brendan and Aaron glavin those who know B know that he knows what he likes well Aaron you'll be glad to know that when I first met you I immediately knew that you were a b person naturally I grabbed Aaron's contact information because I knew she was going to be a fixture in Brendan's life and thus in mine as well in fact from that day on true story she's been in my phone as Aaron glavin totally called it foreign to my best friend his lovely bride their love into a new chapter in a new era for the glavin family

- Betsy and Chris at East Port Yacht Club | Annapolis MD | Wedding  Full film: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] L is for the way you look at me. O is for the only one I see. V is very very extraordinary. E is even more than anyone that you adore. And love is all that I can give to you. Love is more than just a game for two. Two in love can make it. Take my heart and please don't break it. Love was made for me and you. can love is all that I can give to you. Two. And love can make it. Take my heart and please don't break it. Love that was made for me and you. Love that was made for me and you. How sweet it is to be loved by you. I needed the shelter of someone's arms. There you were. I needed someone to understand my ups and downs. There you were with sweet love and emotion deeply touching my emotion. I want to stop. Thank you, baby. I want to stop. Thank you, baby. Yes, I do. How sweet it is to be loved by you. Feels so fine. I closed my eyes at night, wondering where would I be without you in my life. Everything I did was just a bore. Everywhere I went, it seems I've been there before. But you had enough for me all of my days. A love so sweet in so many ways. Don't want to stop. Thank you, baby. I just want to stop and thank you, baby. Oh, yes. How sweet it is to be loved by you. It's just like sugar sometime. Wo! Yeah. You were better to me than I was to myself. For me, there's you and there ain't nobody else I want to stop. Thank you, baby. I just want to stop. Thank you, baby. Oh, yes. How sweet it Oh, now how sweet it is to be loved by you. It's like jelly, baby. Oh, how sweet it is to be loved by you. Just like honey to the bee, baby. How smart it is to be loved by you. Here comes the sun. Here comes the sun. And I say it's all right, little darling. It's been a long, cold, lonely winter. Little darling, it feels like since it's been here. Here comes the sun. right. Darling, the smiles returning to the faces. Little darling, it seems like since it's been here, here comes the sun. Here comes the sun and I say it's all Heat. Heat. Little darling, I feel that ice is slowly melting. Little darling, it seems like his senses being cleared. Well, here comes the sun. Here comes the sun. I say it's all Hey, well, to begin with, I want to uh I want to welcome everybody. Sue and I again, it's heartfelt that everybody's here. I mean, what a beautiful event, right? I mean, the sweetest of gifts life has to offer, which is that's right, Titus. You know, the marriage of two people who have fallen in love and and want to spend the rest of their lives together. So, again, we want to thank everybody. Hope dinner was good. I want to thank Monsior Tizzler for his usual performance as my uh favorite favorite officient for all of my uh all of my weddings. Include what's that? Steady Lieutenant. Okay. But uh but again, it was really uh again it was really sweet and I think I thanks David as you always do. You always do a beautiful job. Um, jokingly at the first wedding, wedding of my son and daughter, uh, Matt and Amy, my brother-in-law, John, came up to me and he said, "Hey, Frank, got to tell you something, John. What is it? You know, I'm running around trying to make sure everything's done." He goes, "You're the father of the groom, okay? You don't get a song. You don't get a dance. You're lucky if you get fed tomorrow. So, just take care of things and, you know, see see how things go on as they do. But if everybody gives me a second, I just want to talk as a parent for a couple minutes. That's all I want to talk about." And uh I think I'm really the only one in the room that remembers the day that my son was born. Okay. Uh 9 lb 10 ounces. His mom was out of it for a couple of hours. Let me tell you that right now. She was down. But you know, I stood there. Say again, Grace. Yeah, it's fact. He looked like a rugby ball. But I stood there, son. And you might say, "There's no way you were speechless." But I was. I sat there and I saw the miracle of God, you know, and for the next couple of minutes, it just ran through my head, you know, all the things that were going to happen in your life, all the beautiful joys that would go through and like tomorrow, I mean, and just just looking forward to all those things. And I know there's a lot of parents in the room right now, and I know they all feel that way, you know, when they look at their son or daughter for the first time. And um it was a true joy of your mother and I to watch you grow. I mean you were smart, you did well in school. Obviously you you know your mother's influence. Um you became an athlete and uh you learned that you can't win them all that sometimes you just got to do your best if that's how things are going to play out. And then you went into service. And you know, I was a little concerned when you visited that junior college up on the Hudson in New York, but I realized you would come to your senses and uh and go play for the varsity. Okay. As as things went on in life and as I said, you know what? How did you grow in character, in integrity, humble and kind? You became a courageous man. And then one day he brought a lovely lovely young woman home. And Betsy, where did we talk that day? First day we met you. We're in the kitchen the whole time. Didn't even leave the kitchen. It's about it. It's the only place we could get. And I don't think I ever told Betsy what I thought about that day. But I sat there thinking to myself, you know, throughout the whole visit, I said, "Holy smoke, man, God has created another human being just like Christopher." Same qualities, same experiences. Two friends, two people who were moving on together. And uh it was just a beautiful thing as we've gotten ourselves to tomorrow. Now Betsy and I have a bet going and that bet has been going for a couple of months now. Correct. And as some of you know, some of you may not know, um I mean I came here 45 years ago and I'm still a sailor, still going to sea. So Betsy's concerned about how many Fbombs I'm going to drop tonight. Okay. What's the number? Four fbombs, guys. Okay. So make sure you keep count. All right. Well, the first one's family. All right. You've got a big one, both of you. I just asked Betsy. I think that the actual elevation of Long Island has gone up a foot since after everybody's just descended upon Annapolis, you know, from everything that's gone up there. Maybe Maryland's gone down a foot, but they're always going to be there for you. They'll always be there with all their love and cherish everything that you guys do. But remember something, okay? You guys are a family unit. Now you guys are going to take the bonding of the Wards and the Glenns and the trainers and the Mornos and go off in another direction in another history and it's going to be beautiful and we can't wait to watch you all do it. Friends, Fbomb number two, right? Yours are the best. It's going to be hard to stay in contact over the years. I mean, families and things happen and you move and especially if you stay in the service, you know, getting together. I mean, that's just what happens. But stay in touch because when you get on the other side of it, you know, in 50 years or so, you're going to find that they're all still here with you. I mean, and it's one of the sweetest gifts life has to offer. And as I said, it's been wonderful to meet Bee's friends as well as see Chris's friends, you know, that he's grown up with and how that has all come together for us. Number three, right? You guys count bombs. Have fun. All right. Life's hard. It is. I mean, it it's hard. But you know what? Find a way to laugh every day, man. You know, don't don't let the sun go down and have a bad day. Find a way to get past it and make each other laugh and do those things. Son, I will give you my book of dad jokes. I'm telling you, your mother, that's because Seth doesn't like it. Um, your mother rolls out of her chair every day because of the dad jokes. I come up a little but that doesn't happen. That takes a lot just like I said you know be there again be there in that tremendous again fun life and find the things that are make important to all of you as you move forward right faith I'm not talking about your spirituality I think both of you are very very strong there I do okay um I don't think any two people could get over the mountains that have been in your way for the past year without the tremendous faith that you both have. And let me tell you something else, okay? You didn't do it alone. And there's a lot more than one invisible hand up there looking out for the two of you. There really is. But faith in each other. Keep the faith. Remember why the two of you are going to stand in front of that altar tomorrow, right? That's what it's all about. Be there for each other. lean on each other throughout the rest of your lives. So, what can I say? We love you. We adore you. Okay? As I as mom and I talk about all the time, we love you always. And we love you in all ways. So, if everybody can grab a drink and I can't toast with water, so where's my coffee? Cuz Betsy won't let me. So, if everyone today, your family and your friends would join me in a toast, may the best of God's blessings and the love of your family and friends follow you with my fifth death bomb forever. We love you all. Cheers you guys. No Navy graduates better be crying. It's too late. What's that? What is he crying? Love you, dear. Big day tomorrow. I love you, Steve. So, Chris and Betsy, I am so happy to be here and to make this small message for the two of you. It is our privilege to be your aunts and it is our privilege to be here and to watch you build your family and we're hoping very much that we're going to continue to be a part of it. We love you. We're proud of you and we can't wait to see you get married tomorrow morning. Have a great night. It was the night before the wedding and all through the Naval Academy, not a creature was stirring, not even an admiral. Congratulations. Cheers. Hi Betsy. We just wanted to say we love you. Betsy Chris, I could not be happier to be part of this day. Um, it's honestly the first wedding I've been excited to be in. Um, I love you both so much and I get so happy seeing how happy you guys make each other. out. I love you both. Betsy and Chris, I love you both so much. Betsy, it clearly is. You know what I'm going to say? Such a God thing that you and I met in the weirdest way. Bumble BFF. It was meant to be. I just adore you and couldn't imagine my life without you. And you're just the greatest, most loyal friend. Oh, I feel like I could get emotional. And Chris, you are the perfect match for Betsy. I remember before she went on her travel nursing job in Baltimore, I like told her, I was like, "I have a feeling that you are supposed to be there for a reason." And of course, she was because she met you. And you guys are just the sweetest together. And I can't wait to see the life that you create together. And I'm just honored to get a front row seat. I love you both. Betsy and Chris, I'm so glad that you guys met because I literally think you're like the best couple and I find you guys so cute and I'm so happy that you're getting married and I'm so happy that I'm here for it and I love you so much and you're awesome. Happy wedding. Uh Chris, just wanted to let you know that it's been super good being your friend the last few years. I appreciate everything you've done for me and I'm super glad that we could be here today. and Betsy, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I love you. Hi, Chris and Betsy. It's Grace. Um, I'm so honored to be here. Seth and I love you both so much. Um, we are so happy to be here to celebrate you and your future together. We're praying for you. We love you and we're hoping to see you a lot more in the future. Hopefully living together nearby in in the DC area. So, we'll see you soon. Love you. Hi guys, it's Melissa. Um, I'm just so happy to get to be here to see you guys start your lives together. Um, Betsy, it was such a relief when Chris met you and he finally found an awesome girl that um, loves him exactly the way he is and brings his personality out. Um, I'll never forget getting to know Chris and when we got to go spend a whole day together in uh, Florida. That was such an awesome memory and yeah, so happy for you guys. Love you both. Hey Betsy and Chris, we are so happy for you and so excited. We love you from Colorado and New York to Scotland and Spain and the floor of the United Nations and we're so excited for you and we can't wait to celebrate and back and back and we can't wait and we love you. Chris, Betsy, congratulations on your uh on your wedding. really excited for you guys. Um it seems like it was just yesterday that all of us and Matt and Chris were hanging out in Sterna Park playing and playing football on the street. Um I don't know what else we did. Just overall just having fun. But uh congratulations for happy for both of you. We love you both and just going to be a great weekend. It's awesome to be back to be back here and I'm glad that we could all make it here for this wonderful occasion. Thanks for having us and congrats Chris and Betsy. It's Aunt Barb and I just want to say I love you both and I'm so happy for you and just wish you a lifetime of joy and I feel the same way. We're so excited for both of you and we're so excited to be part of this weekend and we just wish you a lifetime of happiness. Love you both. Chris, we love you for taking our Betsy on your wing. Betsy, you know you're special for all of us. And one last word, feed Navy. So, the Braves have had quite a few injuries this year. We're two games back at the last wild card spot of the Mets right now, but I think if the pitching comes in strong, we've got a chance cuz as we know, pitching wins World Series. We got three horses. Yeah, but no, the Braves suck. They're absolutely terrible. The Red The Red Sox are not much better. However, it's going to be a great postseason. Great October. We love it. And we're so excited for Chris and Betsy. How about Betsy and Chris? I just said, you know, we're so excited for them. Talk about a champ. Couldn't be more excited to be at the Naval Academy. Yeah, exactly. Talk about a championship team. Betsy and Chris. Tell them take I mean, can you get any better than this? I don't think so. I don't think so. Jim, back to you. What do you got? Just a good looking couple. We're happy to be here. Good to see them out. Everyone here tonight looking their finest. It's hot, but we're here. We're partying. We're going to have a great time. The braves kind of suck. All right. Thanks everybody. Please turn this off before we keep talking. This is too much from us. Well, Betsy, I absolutely love you to death and wishing you so many, many, many, many years on this marriage and don't die anytime soon because I love you to death and I don't want to die with you. Amazing. Let's go. We love you. Perfect. I can't top that in any capacity, but I I mirror the second sentiments. I love you. I love you too, Chris. By proxy. Um, if you whatever want to come back to hell, 53 is always hiring. Always. Like literally at any point. much. Uh, Betsy, I've known you for most of my life and I'm so grateful to have you. You are such a wonderful uh, energetic person and I'm so glad that you found Chris. Chris is wonderfully kind and thoughtful and I know that the both of you are going to have such a tremendous life together and I'm so glad that you invited me to be a part of the beginning. So awesome to be here. Thanks for having us. Can't wait till tomorrow. Hey Bets and Chris, we love you guys so much. Um I'm looking around. I could not be more stoked to see everyone that's here. Um the Wards and Glenns love you guys. Frank put it best. the four Fs, family, faith, friends, and have fun. All right, we love you guys, and I can't can't wait to see what happens in the in the future. So, Betsy and Chris, it's an honor and a privilege to be here tonight. Celebrate your big day tomorrow. God bless you all and have an amazing life together. And never forget, keep picking up speed. Speed. Speed is life. God bless you guys. Hey guys, this is McKenzie. I just want to say that I'm so happy for you guys. And I think my biggest piece of advice is, you know, deployments. Don't let them get the best of you. Betsy, you and I, we're going to make it through this. Cheers. Happy happy wedding day. Chris, Betsy, you guys are the kindest, the best, the very absolute sweetest of us. So excited to be in Annapolis. What a night. Go Navy. Beat Memphis. We're excited to be here. This is going to sound rude, but it's really not. Betsy is the most honest person I know. And she does it with such love in her heart. And to know Betsy is to love Betsy because she loves everyone in her life so much. Here she comes. The beautiful bride. It's game day. I'm saying really nice things about you. [Applause] Um, Betsy is the She's listening to me. Betsy is the most genuine person I've ever met in my life. And Chris is an angel. And Chris spent the night on the floor one night because he was afraid of waking Betsy up. And if that is not love, I do not know what it is. So, my two favorite people, Betsy and Chris. I can't wait for the two of you to enjoy growing old together as much as I enjoyed growing up with Betsy. I love you both. My favorite memory of Betsy is her taking me to my first bar ever and me driving her all around the night before she met her went to nursing school because she wanted me to meet a boy and then it ended really poorly. But that's my favorite memory. I love Oh, my other favorite memory of Betsy is um when I wrote her name on my parents couch and told my parents that it was her and then we weren't friends for a little bit, but now we're best friends and it's the highlight of my life and I would not change it for the world. I have known Betsy longer than I've known my own siblings. And I genuinely don't think anybody on earth actually knows me actually as well as she does, which is both wonderful and horrifying. And she is the only person who could kick me out of her house and leave me standing on the front lawn and I would still come back and speak to her the next day as if nothing happened. But she is the only person who truly knows me inside and out and absolutely takes me at my best and worst no matter what. And she does it for everybody. And she is truly one of the most incredible people I will ever know. And Chris is so lucky to marry her and she's so lucky to meet Chris because Chris balances her out perfectly. And I hope they grow absolutely elderly together and have the best time every single day. Betsy and Chris, I love you both so much. Betsy, I always say this and you know what I'm going to say that I feel like it's a God thing that you and I have become best friends. And I remember before I moved to North Carolina, I visited and I had this feeling that like I was going to meet some people that I knew were going to be in my life forever in addition to Ben. Obviously, when I moved there for him, I moved there for him. Whatever. That was stupid. that it was sorry no it was good for that but like you are the reason that like those memories in North shouldn't have been but like okay you're one of the top reasons I was like I look back on that time in my life with such fondness is because you and I became best friends there and we met there and I have so many amazing memories. I was taking notes when Emma and Kate were talking, but so many Okay. Well, first of all, you are like one of the honestly one of the only friends of mine that like know mine and Ben's relationship so deeply, and that's something really special to me because I feel like none of my other friends have like seen mine and Ben's relationship develop. I'm getting emotional. Oh my gosh. Um, also I just um remember she threw the spatula. Oh yeah, that's one memory when you threw the spatula. You were upset with your dad about something and you threw the spatula and broke the TV and you were like, "Who broke the TV?" And I was like, "You did with the spatula." Another memory, remember that one time when we would like compete to see who would pick up the most hair on our carpets? That was disgusting. I've also never eaten more pizza than I did with you in the house. Um, in the last day that we were together before I moved back to Texas, I don't think I've ever cried that hard because I felt like I was breaking up with my boyfriend. I just love you so much. And I don't know what I would do without you. Chris, I'm sorry. I'm just not talking about you. Chris, the first time I met you, I remember I came to North Carolina and I just felt like you I don't know. Again, I'm feeling emotional. I feel like when Betsy and I lived together, like she was dating people. not to bring that up, but like it never felt right. And Kate's laughing at me, but when I met when I met you that one time, like it just felt like so right. And like it all made sense. I don't know. You were like you felt like a safe place even to me as Bets's friend. So, I'm so happy that you are Bets's person and that you guys found each other. And I know you're going to make each other the happiest people in the world. and I love you both. I'm going to read you a part of my speech that I didn't give because I can't follow Frank's act. But here it goes. Look at you screaming, crying, throwing up. I'm crying. I was and then I didn't. I'm speech I'm making a speech. I'm making a speech, Mag. Okay. This is part of my speech. There's something so special about sharing a friendship with someone you've known through every season of Girlhood. I've had the honor of standing by you through it all. As the years pass and our friendship changes, there's one thing that has remained constant. There hasn't been a day that's gone by that I haven't looked up to and admired you. Over the years, we've stood by each other as we comfort each other through the days of sorrow that inevitably plagued the seasons of girlhood that shape us into who we are. But we've also jumped for joy as we've celebrated every moment of happiness and fulfillment that's arrived in its wake. How lucky are we to know a love like this? I look at you and Chris and I see steadfast unconditional love. I looked around this room at everyone here tonight celebrating you and it's a testament to how many people cherish your love and your friendship. I love you Betsy and Chris. I love you so much and we can't wait to celebrate you tomorrow. Betsy, Chris, I love you so much. Congratulations. You guys are the best couple. Love you. Congratulations Betsy and Chris. We love you so much. We're so happy for you. We're having so much fun celebrating you. Um, and we'll see you at Gway Bay for a few chili ones. Congrats Betsy and Chris. So happy for you. That was so ugly. Amazing. That was so sweet. We were both young when I first saw you. I closed my eyes and the flashback starts. I'm standing there on the balcony in summer air. See the light, see the party, the bargain. See you make your way through the crowd and say hello. Little did I know that you were Romeo. You were throwing pebbles. And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." And I was crying on the staircase, begging you, "Please don't go." And I said, "I'll take me somewhere we can be home. I'll be waiting. All this has to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby, just say yes. So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet cuz we're dead if we knew. So close your eyes. Escape this town for a little while. Oh. Oh. Cuz you were Romeo. Oh, I was a scarlet letter. And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." But you were everything to me. I was begging you, please don't go. And I said, "Take me somewhere we can be. I'll be waiting. All there's nothing left to do is run. You be the princess and I'll be the princess. It's a life story, baby. Just say yes. We all say try to tell me how to feel the diffult, but it's a real be. It's a love story, baby. Just say yes. I got tired of wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading when I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said, "Look, you're save me. I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you, but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think." He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said, "Marry me, Juliet. You never have to be alone. I love you and that's all I really want. I talk to your dad. Your got a white dress. It's a love story. Baby, just say you broke down when I first saw you. This night is sparking. Don't you let it go. Busting all the way home forever. Wondering if you knew I wasn't here. Lingering question kept me up to a.m. Who do you love? I wonder till I'm wide awake. And now I'm pacing back and forth wishing you were at my door. I open up and you would say, "Hey, it was enchanting to meet you. All I know is I was enchanted to me. This light is sparkling. Don't you let it go on the sting all the way home. I spent forever wondering if you knew this night is lost. Wonder dancing around all alone. I spent forever wondering if you knew I was intended to meet you. Heat. Heat. Heat. We are spend forever wondering if you don't let it go forever wondering If you knew I was enchanted to meet you, don't have somebody waiting on You one look dark room meant just for for you. Time moved too fast. You play it back. Buttons on a cold. Lighthearted joke. No proof. Not much. But you saw enough. Small talk. He drives coffee at midnight. The light reflects the chain on your neck. He says, "Look up and your shoulders brush. No proof, one touch." But you felt you were in love. Can hear it in the silence. Silence. You You can feel it on the way home. Way home. You You can see it with the lights out. Lights out. You in love. True love. You in love. You can hear it in the silence. Silence. You You can see it with the lights up. Lights out. You're in love. You in love the real I'm okay. Heat up up here. Heat. It's pretty much Sweetie, you ready? Welcome. Today is the day the Lord has made. We rejoice and we cloud glad in it. We are going to pray and ask the Lord to bless you both to help you understand what marriage is about and help you to live a life with great joy and lasting fidelity. Amen. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. The Lord be with you. And with your spirit. Christopher and Elizabeth, the church shares your joy and warmly welcomes you together with your family and friends as today in the presence of God our Father, you establish between yourselves a lifelong partnership. May the Lord hear you on this your joyful day. May he send you help from heaven and protect you both. May he grant you your heart's desire and fulfill every one of your prayers. Let us pray. Oh God, who in creating the human race willed that men and wife shall be one. Join we pray in a bond of inseparable love. These your servants Christopher William Mon and Elizabeth Anne Glenn who are to be united in the covenant of marriage so that as you make their love fruitful they may become by your grace witnesses to charity itself through our Lord Jesus Christ your son who lives and reigns with you in the unity of the Holy Spirit God forever and ever. Amen. Please be seated. A reading from the book of Tobit. On their wedding night, Tobaya arose from bed and said to his wife, "Sister, get up. Let us pray and beg our Lord to have mercy on us and grant us deliverance." Sarah got up and they started to pray and beg that deliverance might be theirs. They began with these words. Blessed are you, oh God of our fathers. Praise be your name forever and ever. Let the heavens and all your creation praise you forever. You made Adam and you gave him his wife Eve to be his help and support. And from these two hum the human race descended. You said it is not good for the man to be alone. Let us make him a partner like himself. Now Lord, you know that I take this wife of mine not because of lust but for a noble purpose. Call down your mercy on me and her and allow us to live together to a happy old age. They said together, "Amen. Amen." The word of the Lord. Thanks. Thanks be to God. The Lord is kind and merciful. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and all my being. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. Merciful and gracious is the Lord, slow to anger and abounding in kindness. Not according to our sins does he deal with us, nor does he reququite us according to our crimes. But the kindness of the Lord is from eternity to eternity toward those who fear him and his justice towards children's children among those who keep his covenant. Good afternoon. A reading from the first letter of St. Paul to the Corinthians. Brothers and sisters, strive eagerly for the greatest spiritual gifts. But I shall show you a still more excellent way. If I speak in human or angelic tones, but do not have love, I am a resounding gong or a clashing symbol. And if I have the gift of prophecy and comprehend mysteries and all knowledge, if I have all faith so to move mountains, but I do not have love, I am nothing. If I give away everything I own, and if I hand my body over so that I may boast, but I do not have love, I gain nothing. Love is patient. Love is kind. It is not jealous. It is not pompous. It is not inflated. It's not rude. It does not seek its own interests. It is not quick-tempered. It does not brood over injury. It does not rejoice over wrongdoing, but rejoices with the truth. It bears all things. It believes all things, hopes all things, and endures all things. Love never fails. This is the word of the Lord. Thanks be to God. Hallelu. All those who live in love with God are united for they live in God and God lives in them. The Lord be with you. With your spirit. A reading from the Holy Gospel according to Matthew. Glory to you, Lord. Jesus said to his disciples, "You are the salt of the earth. But if salt loses its tastes, with what can it be seasoned? It is no longer good for anything but to be thrown out and trampled under foot. You are the light of the world. A city set on the mountain cannot be hidden. Nor do they light a lamp and then put it under a bushel basket. It is set on a lampstand where it gives light to all in the house. Just so your light must shine before others that they may see your good deeds and glorify your heavenly father. The gospel of the Lord. Praise you Lord Jesus Christ. Please be seated. Sometimes you hear good things take a while to happen. But great things can happen in an instant. And that's the story that we have this afternoon before us between Christopher and Elizabeth. they met together. They decided that on that day they begin to date to see whether or not they match they would match for each other. Next thing you know, they both of them went to a restaurant to begin to eat and see where each other falls on that spectrum. For Christopher, her smile took him away. For him, he loves a smile. And on top of that, she ordered the most expensive egg roll that evening. She set the bar very high. And immediately Christopher said, "This is the one. This is the mother. This is the future mo mother of my children. This is the future wife for me." And for Elizabeth, she set the bar high as well because she saw in Christopher a person who is calm, although he's a marine, very calm. And then he took pride in his work. He was a pilot. He was flying airplane. And therefore for Elizabeth immediately she said to herself that this is my future husband. This is the future father of my children. And next thing you know as they are dating they begin to realize that they were meant for each other. At first they were so scared of each other. At first they were very intimidated and very shy to each other. So they look at you both. It is important for them to understand this. And something that marked Elizabeth, which will mark her for the rest of her life, is that on Christmas Eve, she was working all by herself at the at the hospital as a nurse, and Christopher went out of his way to bring her Christmas home-cooked meal. As a result, from that day on, from that night on, she had no doubt that one day they'll be here to pledge their love for each other, before God, and before their family and friends. We encourage you to see your married life as a school of learning where both of you will grow and grow into it. Which means if you can see your married life as a school of learning you will satisfy and you will be satisfied. You have example of married life in front of you before you and observe the fact that there is no such thing as a perfect marriage but the two of you can make it perfect. But the two of you can work on it. As you work on it as you were dating these small little things that you that you were doing continue to do them. And Elizabeth continued to be fascinated because you Christopher continued to bring her coffee in her bed. It's important just the small things keep them happening in such a way that when you're facing tribulations, trial, you will fix it. You will do your best. And as we are here, we are invoking God's name for God to be the third person in your married life in such a way that that common ground that both of you have, your prayer life, your spiritual life will allow you to see through everything in life as husband and wife. May God bring to fulfillment what he had already begun in you both. God bless you all. blessing me. Dearly beloved, you have come together into the house of the church so that in the presence of the church's minister and the community, your intention to enter into marriage may be strengthened by the Lord with a sacred seal. Christ abundantly blesses the love that binds you. Through a special sacrament, he enriches and strengthens you both those he had already consecrated by holy baptism that they may be faithful to each other in for forever and assume all the responsibilities of married life. And so in the presence of the church, I ask you to state your intentions. Christopher and Elizabeth, have you come here to enter into marriage without co coercion freely and wholeheartedly? I have. I have. Are you prepared as you follow the path of marriage to love and honor each other for as long as you both shall live? I am. I am. Are you prepared to accept children lovingly from God and to bring them up according to the law of Christ and of his church? I am. I am. Since it is your intention to enter to the covenant of holy matrimony, join your right hands and declare your consent before God and his church. I is that your name? I, Christopher William Warno, take you take you, Elizabeth Anne Glenn, for my lawful wife for my lawful wife. To have and to hold. To have and to hold. From this day forward. From this day forward. For better, for worse. For better or for worse. For richer, for poor. For richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health. In sickness and in health. To love and to be and to cherish. To love and to cherish. Until death do us part. Until death do us part. I state your name. I, Elizabeth. and Glenn, take you take you Christopher William Morno for my lawful husband for my lawful husband to have and to hold to have and to hold from this day forward. From this day forward for better for worse. For better or for worse. For richer, for poorer. For richer or for poorer. In sickness and in health. In sickness and in health. To love and to cherish. To love Until death do us part. May the Lord in his kindness strengthen the consent you have declared before the church and graciously bring to fulfillment his blessings within you. What God joins together, let no one put us under. May the Lord bless these rings which you will give to each other as a sign of love and fidelity. her name Elizabeth Anne Glenn receive this ring receive this ring as a sign of my love as a sign of my love and fidelity and fidelity in the name of the father in the name of the father and of the son and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. And of the Holy Spirit. State his name. Christopher William Mornau. Receive this ring. Receive this ring as a sign of my love. As a sign of my love and fidelity and fidelity. In the name of the Father. In the name of the Father. And of the Son and of the Son. And of the Holy Spirit. And of the Holy Spirit. Eternal Father, strong to save, whose arm hath bound the restless wave. Who b the mighty ocean deep is our pointed liest keep. Oh, hear us when we cry to thee. For those in peril on the sea. grant we pray to all of our both night and day. The courage, honor, strength and skill there to serve. Thy of be thou the shield forever more from every peril to the core. Amen. Please stand. We have listened to the word of God. Let us now ask God to listen to us to bless our words of prayer which we offer for the people of the world. for this bride and groom and for their well-being as a family. Let us pray to the Lord. Lord, here our pray for their relatives and friends and for all who have assisted this couple. Let us pray to the Lord. Lord, here our pray for young people preparing to enter marriage and for all whom the Lord is calling to another state in life. Let us pray to the Lord. Lord here our pray for all families throughout the world and for lasting peace amongst all people. Let us pray to the Lord. Lord here our pray for all members of our families who have passed from this world and for all the departed. Let us pray to the Lord. Lord here our pray for the church the holy people of God and for the unity among all Christians. Let us pray to the Lord. Lord here our pray. Holy Father, maker of the whole world, you created men and women in your own image and willed that their union be crowned with your blessing. We humbly beseech you for these your servants who are joined today in the sacrament of matrimony. May your abundant blessing Lord come down upon this bride Elizabeth and upon Christopher her companion for life. And may the power of your Holy Spirit set their hearts a flame from on high so that living out together the gifts of matrimony, they may adorn their family with children and enrich the church. In happiness may they praise you, oh Lord. In sorrow may they seek you out. May they have the joy of your presence to assist them in their toil and know that you are near. to comfort them in their need. Let them pray to you in the holy assembly and bear witness to you in the world. And after a happy old age together with the circle of friends that surround them, may they come to the kingdom of heaven through Christ our Lord. Amen. together. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. The Lord be with you. Your spirit. Bow your heads and pray for God's blessing. May God the all powerful father grant you his joy and bless you in your children. Amen. May the only begotten son of God stand by you with compassion in good times and in bad. Amen. May the Holy Spirit of God always pour forth his love into your hearts. Amen. And may almighty God bless you all. The Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Amen. Go in peace. Thanks be to God. Heat up Heat up here. A kiss to pass. Thanks, Timmy. The price of passage is a kiss. Thanks, Stuart. Theodome demands a kiss. The price to pass is a long kiss. Ready? Two. Welcome to the fleet, ma'am. Officers, love you. Ooh. Uh-huh. This will be an everlasting love. This will be the one I've waited for. This will be the first time anyone has loved me. I'm so glad you found me in town. And I'm so glad that you defied my mind. This will be an everlasting love for me. I'm loving you. It's kind of wonderful because you show me just how much you care. You've given me the thrill of a lifetime and made me believe you've got more friends to swear. Oh, this will be everlasting love. Yes, it will. You brought a lot of sunshine into my life. You filled me with happiness I never knew. You gave me more joy than I ever dreamed of. And no one no one can take the place of you. This will be you and me. Yes. So we eternally hugging and squeezing and kissing and cleing together forever for rain or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. you and me. As long as I'm living true love, I'll be giving to you. I'll be so deserve it. You're so deserve it. You're so deserving. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From now on. From now on. From now on. From now on. From now on. From now You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. You'd be like heaven to touch. I want to hold you so much. At long last, love has arrived. And I thank God I'm alive. Can't take my eyes off you. Pardon the way that I stare. There's nothing else to compare. The sight of you leaves me weak. There are no words left to speak. But if you feel like I am, please let me know that it's real. I love you, baby. And if it's quite all right, I need you, baby. On the lonely night. I love you, baby. Trust in me when I say, "Oh, pretty baby, don't bring me out of baby. Now that I found you, say I love you, baby. Let me love you. You'd be my heaven to touch. I want to hold you so much at long last. I love you, baby. And if it's not all "Oh, pretty baby. Don't bring me baby. that I found you. Oh, pretty baby, trusting me when I say, please join me in welcoming to the room for the very first time as husband and wife Major and Mrs. Christopher Mau. Now, here baby, I'm yours. Got the future in your hands. Here I am, baby. Side deliver on yours. Give it up one more time for that bride and girl. Come on now, Betsy. You look gorgeous. Does she look amazing or what? Everybody a tiptoed in the room. I know you got to have your rest. She says, "Come lay beside me." But I've been waiting since you left. She's sweet to me. Must be the luckiest man alive. And did I tell you, baby, you are the joy of my life? You are the joy of my life. Give it up. Come on. Welcome everyone. Um, as you just saw, This is a beautiful love story. Sorry. Uh, I've done this a couple times before and while I was nervous, I wasn't as nervous as I am now because this is Betsy and she sets the bar really, really high for herself, which sets the bar high for everybody else. Um, Betsy, who is Betsy? She's fierce. She's independent. She's strong, compassionate, loving, giving, caring, puts others before herself. And uh she's uh she's Betsy. She's I'm so proud of her. Um she was she's a twin, as most people know. Um So, but if if you know Betsy, um she can be pretty intense. Um and it's it's not her fault. It's the people who are around her. They're not doing what they're supposed to do. and it gets very aggravating apparently, but I I can speak from experience. I I have the same issues at times, but uh and and it's no fault of her own. She shared she's always shared a room with Catherine. She shared a a womb with her brother and uh she was she was a preeie. Um Jamie was on he was pushing her out basically of the birth canal when when Ann went into premature labor and they had to take care of that. But sorry. So I'll move I'll move on. But so Betsy when she was young uh let's say she was a little bit she was in charge in the family. She came to She came after she had moved out. She came to gather some things and I happened to have on some home video and it was a Christmas morning home video and um I have the camera set up at the top of the stairs and you hear this. She had a deep grally voice and you hear, "No, no, no. You stand here and you move over here and you do that like a drill sergeant." And Betsy calls from upstairs. She hears this, doesn't know what I'm watching, and says, "Oh my gosh, who is that?" True story, right? And uh you're a natural leader. You really are. when she wanted something, she usually got it through sheer persistence, but uh sometimes we had to say no. And her response, which most kids respond with, is that's not fair. And we would say, "Life's not fair." So this continued and she would catch herself later on, though. She'd yell, "That's not fair." And then she say, "Don't say it." So she got it. But uh anyway, so um high school, threw herself into activities, um all sorts of clubs, played some sports and uh it just did and graduated near the top of her class. um played the violin and uh really accomplished. I'm very proud of you. Um goes off to Holy Cross, gets a full scholarship there academically. And I I asked her, I said, you know, she went I believe she went in undeclared. She wasn't sure what, you know, she was going to major in. And uh so I had asked her and she said, "I think I want to go to Wall Street. I want to go into finance." I said, "No, I did that." I said, "You are a kind and caring person. You I see you as a caregiver." I said, "How about, you know, healthcare? I could see you becoming a doctor maybe or something." And she said, "Oh, no, Dad." She's like, "I hate blood. I hate hospitals." So, I was like, "Okay, okay." I retreated from the room. Knowing that I gave my best parental advice, Betsy goes back to Holy Cross to finish out her freshman year, comes home and says, "Hey, Dad, I want to do a humanitarian aid trip to Honduras. Do you think that, you know, can I do that?" I said, "Sure." Said, "Oh, and by the way, it's going to cost $1,500." I said, "I didn't expect that, but okay, that's great." I researched after the fact that I said, "Yeah, you can go." know that Honduras is the most dangerous country in the world at the time and she's going into the jungles to administer health care to the to the poor. So, she had some pretty intense experiences doing that. I'll spare you the details, but she came home safely from the trip, thank God, and said, "Hey, Dad, I know what I want to do. I want to go into healthcare." And I said, "Really?" Okay. But, you know, I recall somebody maybe mentioning that to you about 6 or 8 months ago. But anyway, so she graduates and goes to George Washington University, puts herself through nursing school, no small feat, gets chosen by her classmates to the give the commencement speech at her graduation, which I thought

- Betsy and Chris at East Port Yacht Club | Annapolis MD | Wedding Teaser film: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Betsy and Chris, congratulations. Thank you so much. You two have proved that good things come to those who wait. September was changing while chasing the clouds away. Arms are ringing in the soul singing as we dance in the night. Remember all the stars from the night. [Applause] If everybody can raise their glasses and may you live as long as you love and love as long as you live. And as Nana would say, skull

- Betsy and Chris at East Port Yacht Club | Annapolis MD | Wedding  Venue film: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat.

- Annapolis Book of Seamanship Video Series: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] for over 5,000 years men and women have been going down to the sea and ships sometimes for transportation sometimes to fight against each other sometimes for exploration most recently for pleasure whether to race against each other or simply to go out cruising I'm John Roman ear I've written 13 books about the sea about pleasure sailing and about the history of yachting one of those books is the Annapolis book of seamanship an instructional book about sailing about sailing safely and most importantly about sailing pleasurably in this video we'll be looking at many of the most important points that we made in the Annapolis book of seamanship basic navigation sail trim how to steer the boat how to anchor the boat when you get to your destination then how to dock when you get back home we'll talk about how to organize a crew so that everybody has a good time and sails efficiently I think most important of all will be talking about how to enjoy yourself with other people with the wind with the sails with the boat and with the sea [Applause] you

- WHOLE HEART STUDIOS WEDDING TRAILER | WINNIE AND JP | ANNAPOLIS YACHT CLUB: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] w a [Applause]

- Marina del Rey Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I would sit on the edge or in the cockpit of my boat and just look around and watch the water and just think about how beautiful this place was I there there was nothing there but just how beautiful it was with the water being so calm and it being warm and thinking this is really a a paradise that I was just living for the moment and the beauty and the the day each and every day was a glorious day that was good enough for me after the Civil War prominent railroad companies were heading out west in search of areas to set up ports at the time the West Coast was wide open and they were all hungry to expand their shipping range the aeson toeka and Santa Fe Railway considered the area of what is now Marina delr and P Del re to be a worthy place to build a large scale commercial Harbor the area provided a perfect portal to the domestic and international shipping opportunities they were after the company partnered with prominent real estate developer and former attorney Moses Langley Wicks Wix had already played a part in the development of Lancaster Glendale San Bernardino and many other Los Angeles communities and was looking to expand his reach in 1886 they created the bologa harbor and improvement company with a Capital stock of $300,000 to dredge out Port balona the plan was to turn a quiet Seaside Marshland into a major commercial Harbor to be named Port balona but it wasn't quite so simple Port biona was supposed to be big enough to house all the ships in the world it was going to be a very large Port but the dreads that Moses Wix had was inefficient physically they couldn't do it this dredging a harbor in here took uh gargantuan means or means that we didn't have available to us until the 1960s while the attempt was Valiant Wicked tides and winter rain swept the sand back into the channel almost as fast as a dredger scooped it out it couldn't get down through some bous or some clay mud about 10 ft below so they had trouble dredging finally when a major storm in 1889 carried away most of what was built the project was abandoned in 3 years of Relentless trying the Venture was scrapped and the area returned to local duck Hunters things were quiet for the next 12 years until 1902 when Moses Sherman and Eli Clark formed the beach Land Company this group group owned about a th Acres around the balona Lagoon including port balona and renamed the area pla Del re Beach of the king they sold lots and created a destination for day tourist but the area that would one day be the largest man-made Harbor in the world was still essentially Marshland the last attempt at a commercial Harbor was when millionaire Abbott Kenny met with the US us core of engineers in 1916 he believed the space would have better protection for fishing and Commercial small craft than Los Angeles Harbor he also asserted that the location was Superior by virtue of its proximity to downtown Los Angeles no federal action was taken at the beginning of the Great Depression in 1929 the Ohio oil company brought in a wildcat well east of what is now the marina Peninsula they started drilling Wells on which were now plot plann 30 foot Lots on both sides of what is now the Silver Strand at a time of unprecedented economic suffering the vast majority of local homeowners demanded that zoning laws be Chang to allow oil extracting equipment on their lawns this area was um uh littered with oil wells and oil production material beach houses in Venice right on the beach would have oil wells in their side yards uh everybody wanted an oil well the beach was filled with dcks in 2 years there were almost 150 oil wells in production at full strength what was then known as the pad Del re field produced almost 47,000 barrels of oil and 2 million cubic feet of gas daily when the oil field reached 340 wells in 1931 with 38 different companies on 10 acres it became the fourth most productive oil field in the state by early 1932 the area was nearly depleted everybody was greedy they're putting more oil wells down getting oil and the pressure diminished of course and so this started in the late 20s and went through about 19 45 about I remember an editorial in the heral express that said stop this Forest of Derek while many local residents and companies made money during this miniature Boom the environment took a beating what was once a pristine Coastal Paradise was looking more like an oil stained dump it became a noisy smelly dangerous oil field that was no longer earning its keep after the oil production started to Peter out uh they polluted the land so much that it was uh impossible to be used as residential land the actual area of the marina was so polluted they they couldn't really do anything and so as worthless land it was a lot either easier to assemble it and into one coherent block and to develop it it was mosquitoes who enjoyed this dank dirty place next to the Blue Pacific more than anyone else it eventually became infested with the bugs and Los Angeles County was forced to create an abatement plan to protect residents from what was essentially a local Scourge the area was ugly and the abatement costly so by the late 30s politicians began to reexamine what could be done with a failed attempt at a commercial Harbor in the distant pass and a catastrophic flooding disaster of bologa Creek in 1933 the notion of turning the site into a substantial recreational Harbor began to take shape local Advocates wrote to congressman John Dockweiler who eventually introduced a bill to establish a harbor at pad Del Rey Inlet the regional Planning Commission submitted a report in 1938 entitled Marina del re this report emphasized the harbor would service the recreational needs of an already large and growing number of Voters in the area prior to World War II proposals were exchanged on a federal level discussing the feasibility of such a harbor in the pad Del re area after the war these discussions began Again by the late 40s local Advocates like Rex Thompson and Arthur will began the push to transform the former oil field into a modern Harbor in community with President Dwight heisen Hower now at the Helm of the Country Transportation related issues were considered with more seriousness the Army Corps of Engineers had earlier created an underwater wall alongside bologa Creek built for more effective drainage of the city un intentionally the wall created a deeper body of water where the present Marina sits Lake Los Angeles or Mud Lake as it was known became a recreational hotspot for small sailboats and skib boats in the 1950s and was a preview of what the future would hold in 1954 President Eisenhower signed Public Law 780 that allocated 7,738 th000 to the construction of the paa Del re Inlet that would later be renamed Marina del re in December of 1957 ground was broken and construction began in what was to be the world's largest recreational Harbor it aimed to birth 8,000 pleasurecraft and serve a growing Los Angeles population through the early 50s and on into the 60s politicians like Rex Thompson and Burton Chase were worked tirelessly with state and federal officials to ensure the project became a reality Chase often called the father of the marina is said to have understood the business element of Marina del re with great clarity he was committed to ensuring that the foundational economic premises be adhered to that the marina be a solvent money generating entity for the County of Los Angeles the first boats arrived in 1962 and Marina Del Rey was a reality while the harbor was carved out in contracted topc what Army Corps Engineers didn't realize was that the natural topography combined with the new man-made topography caused powerful surges during times of Stormy Weather specifically what happens is in a Marino like this the docks float uh to accommodate for the tide so that the the dock and the boat are at the same height to one another and they keep the docks in place by on pilings and so that dock is free to float up and down guided and kept in place on these pilings when they did that in Marino Del re they didn't account for what could happen if there was strong Surge and harmonic waves getting in Phase uh and the waves would suddenly be several feet higher than the design height of the pilings so suddenly all this stuff is churning about like a washing machine and it resulted in some great sections of docks floating around with their boats attached some boats floating around not attached to anything some docks floating around not attached to anything so this was the wakeup call they had seen the full scale model and suddenly they understood what the problem was frequently when you have prideful Engineers uh that didn't recognize the problem immediately and suddenly are confronted with it say oh well of course we'll do this the marina went through a couple of versions of that uh uh two sets of we'll call them the wave disruptors walls that protruded protruded from the entrance Channel about 2/3 across from One Direction and 2/3 across from the other direction with a gap for the boats to go through and the idea is that waves would come and the energy would be dissipated with these walls but they weren't up to the job a tremendous amount of energy can be generated and they soon discovered that wasn't enough and uh uh decided they would do a thorough engineering study and uh then they came up with the idea of well let's build a wall outside the entrance and maybe the waves will hit the wall and uh they tried that in the model and darned if it didn't work and so they started doing it um a full scale and here it is and it's worked pretty well Wetland Conservation is called the development of Marina del re the single most devastating blow to the protection of local wetlands in the late 50s to the early 60s 900 Acres of hollowed land was destroyed for its construction in its place in 1962 a new Harbor community was born today Marina del re Harbors thousands of boats and is a world-renowned port of call and now at over 50 years old is on the Press PRP of a complete overhaul and Redevelopment like the initial construction this undertaking is full of political wrangling and disagreement but once complete will continue to be one of the most prominent Harbors in the world

  Top Comments:
  1. @artabuild5908 [6 likes]: This was just Great, Thank You! 
I was randomly searching vids on MDR, as around 2000 I had a Catalina 27 in the Catalina dock anchorage across from the Warehouse restaurant for about 3 years. Even though I wasn't there earlier, it was still a magical time!!
  2. @Chatsworth1979 [5 likes]: Wow!  Glad to find this interesting video.  Thank you.
  3. @charlesalmada1016 [3 likes]: Anyone remember the marina del Rey lagoon I remember it  being next to dockwiler
 beach an the 80s
  4. @sanpedroez3367 [3 likes]: San Pedro/Wilmington was just a better place to build. You all stayed a Marina and we became the busiest port in the U.S but you all became a way higher end neighborhood.
  5. @peppertoby3466 [3 likes]: Ganda ng view. Sarap naman pumusyal dito.
  6. @treeguyable [3 likes]: Big money can over ride environmental concerns. Welcome to mankind.
  7. @ElTigreMan [2 likes]: Very well done. 
Thank you!
  8. @dougfinlay7528 [2 likes]: In 1974/75 I crewed on a 45' Coronado out of Marina Del Rey. Racing and some trips to Catalina. Also remember a very nice 57" Chris Craft Constellation named the Snappy Tom. For a young guy from Missouri, Marina Del Rey was totally awesome.
  9. @stankythecat6735 [2 likes]: My beach house is on the peninsula at marina delrey .    The beach was half washed away in this last storm.   This is so cool to find !  Thanks
  10. @davep5647 [2 likes]: Even in the mid 1990s there were still abandoned property lots on Brooks ave. west of Pacific ave and also along Speedway near the Venice pier that had been used for oil derricks.There were  warning signs about the land being contaminated by hazardous waste.
By the early 2000s those lots were occupied by families in their newly built homes.
The new Playa Vista city east of lincoln and Ballona, is built on top of a giant methane field and there is a natural gas extraction facility right next to the Playa del Rey bluffs and below the clifftop homes.
It is amazing yet not surprising,given the danger, that any of this was permitted for habitation.
  11. @mixumup1 [2 likes]: nice to learn about my city ✌🏾
  12. @itrthho [2 likes]: No mention of Louis Mesmer or his son, Joseph Mesmer?? Doesn't seem like a documentary on this area without them.
  13. @TropicTrdr [1 likes]: Excellent video. I stopped in MDR years ago on two seperate trips: southbound from Ventura to San Diego on a 34' Columbia and northbound from San Diego to San Francisco on a Monk Trawler.
  14. @AaronIAM-g3u [1 likes]: ✨✨✨
  15. @lifesailinc.7886 [1 likes]: i cam 43 years ago
  16. @ISGIntl123 [1 likes]: Very Nice
  17. @nurlatifahmohdnor8939 [1 likes]: Page 269-270



The most notable death in the rock world was that of Dennis Wilson, drummer and singer of the Beach Boys; drowned after diving from a boat in Marina del Ray, Calif., on December 28.
  18. @bodgertime [1 likes]: 7:09.   The Scourge

10:49    The Surge
  19. @edawgfigatron: Millionaire Abbot Kinney didn't meet with anyone in 1960 because he died in 1920.
  20. @rossr6616: Were any wetlands restored during the redevelopment? ha,  just kidding!

- Marina Del Rey Constuction History: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] for for the Marina del re site is a portion of the original Rancho laiona it is an unincorporated Island surrounded by the city of Los Angeles the elevation of most of the site was below maximum high tide and also subject to inundation from surrounding City areas the soil is largely silt and Clay the first step in construction was Excavating a continuous trench for the wall along with grading an inboard Dy to protect the work from the placement of the Bridge fill next Timber piles were driven every 4 ft the pile drivers worked from the access road that was between the trench and the Dyke two pile drivers were nated at times and periodically they had to work double shifts another crew followed up pouring reinforced concrete caps on the pile a layer of crush Rock was compacted at the bottom of the trench and then the wall footings were poured in alternate 50ft sections this type of pouring reduced the effect of shrinkage the contractor fabricated sturdy steel wall forms in 50 fft sections these could be moved and easily set up on the footing slabs the forms had smooth metal facing on the front side and inspection ports for checking the final placement of the rebar on the rear side after completion of the wall the armor Rock was placed down slope after placement of the armor Rock and the back filling of the wall the dredging contractor was allowed to Edge to the Finish improvements the Civic dredging the dredging contractor used the dredge which they brought down from Seattle it was powered by electricity and was on site for three years 14 million yards of material were dredged about half from the main Channel and the rest from the interior the Corp of Engineers was responsible for for the entrance Channel and the county was responsible for the rest combined contracts were used for better bids half of the hydraulic fill was used on site the good sand from the beach entrance was placed here on Doc wher Beach and the remaining 35% was sold by bids to adjacent property owners this is an area that is currently being filled the dredge pumps a slurry of mainly water and sand and fills an area and the water drains off leaving the soil behind [Applause] PCH uh Highway also known as Lincoln Boulevard this area used to be about 5 ft above the ground level of the adjacent Wetlands uh before the marina was built this area along the northeast boundary of the marina used to be a railroad rideway as you ride along the bike path you will note the long narrow buildings and the uh low ground level this area used to flood very frequently even in low-level storms with the completion of the dredging work began on the interior improvements it quickly became apparent that too much energy was entering the harbor the core of engineers immediately constructed a large scale model of the harbor at their experimental facility at Berg Mississippi which showed that an offshore Breakwater was by far the best protection since funding would take about two years funding and construction would take about two years the county immediately constructed steel sheet pile bulkheads at the channel curve restricting the opening to about 1/3 of the normal Channel width these barriers were lifted in place until the permanent Breakwater was completed thus allowing work to proceed on the Harbor infrastructure slips and Lease improvements this picture shows the completed Marina with the offshore Breakwater the runways of LAX may be seen just above and to the left during the construction of the Breakwater work proceeded on the roads water system sewers including a large sewage pumping station and a complete underground network of Power phone security and fire Communications Al also work on the lease's slips and buildings was able to proceed the Marina Del Rey was dedicated in April of 1965 for years the biona Creek Mosquito Abatement District did battle with the dreaded Sentinel Valley mosquitoes parking or being outdoors after dark tended to be hazardous with the completion of the Marina and The Filling of adjacent properties the problem disappeared the biona creek Mosquito Abatement District was dissolved

  Top Comments:
  1. @spiralyucca: As a young child I lived on Short Ave, there was no Mindanao Wy, yet. We would catch tadpoles on the Ballona Creek and there was a farm house at the end of Short Ave. We moved when I was 5 years old, my memory might no be accurate, but it seems like the old farm house burned down one day, then the marina began construction,
  2. @pat9403: Hi, my name is Pat. I am making a documentary of Marina del Rey in cooperation with the Marina del Rey Historical Society. Can you drop me an email at editor at mariner magazine dot com - no spaces. I have a question for you. Great video!

- Making Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] No Los Angeles is my city I mean sometimes I wonder how it all began people started coming over and settling here earliest nine thousand years ago Wow it's hard to imagine but did you know that where we are now is once open land if you walked from downtown to the coast you pass by Springs Lakes dry Lakes which would fill up after rain and clumps of willow trees the LA River would pass through this area on its way to the Pacific Ocean la isn't known for lots of rain but back then the old newspapers told stories of storms that flooded and damaged the city it was actually really dangerous and people were injured or even killed by the fast-moving water the river would change direction all the time and go anywhere from Santa Monica to San Pedro just searching for the ocean I can't even imagine what it would be like to build a city around the river that keeps changing and it really must be dangerous that's exactly what the people from Los Angeles thought so in 1914 the banks of the river were channeled or covered in concrete when this was done the river was sent south to the ocean in what is now San Pedro what was left in this area was a lake a meandering creeks and a lagoon the area became known as a marshland or a wetland because at certain times of the year the water would saturate the soil people thought it would be great land for farming and the plants that grew around here would clean the water and also prevent the land from eroding it looked pretty exotic so the entertainment industry would come and use the area for filming nature scene and did you know that it used to be an amusement park when it was built in the 1940s and was called popular named after Hopalong Cassidy and they had rides that were on the water and off but they had to close it down in 1954 because it became a public beach you know it's a bit ironic that that cities throughout history have generally been placed next to harbors and rivers and wetlands because of the food and natural resources they provide and yet in modern city settings we don't actually use those resources as we did historically we use them primarily for recreation and for the ecosystem services they provide so all of the decisions in a place like Marina del Rey are negotiated if you were asked to go to Marina where would you even start I know it's a bit overwhelming but what problems would you have to solve what would you like it to look like and who would you build it for dr. Strauss talked about ecosystem services so we'd have to know what we'd want from the marina and what we have to work with there's got to be a bunch of engineering involved I read that in the 1920s the Venice canals were built to make the area look like Venice Italy cottages lined the shore and people wrote in gondolas across the shallow water ways but the water didn't flow very well and then in 1929 oil was discovered so oil derricks sprang up along Santa Monica all the way down to Playa del Rey but within a few years the fields along the coast started drying up and what was left was a oily residue that attracted mosquitoes finally in 1954 President Eisenhower was convinced to sign a law that would authorize the harbor as a federal project you know that getting permission is only the first step in a very very long process now it's up to the engineers the architects and the designers to get to work the engineers made all kinds of plans they have to think about land they had to work with the structures that were already nearby and how they were going to get the water into the marina move around and then flow out again since boats were going to use it the engineers had to think about where to put them boats use the wind so the position of their slips or where they park is really important in making sure that they can get in and out of the marina safely that's a lot of math science and engineering once all the planning decisions were made then they had to start planning the construction you know where to put the dirt they dug up so that the water doesn't get through before the engineers get to it all this planning is making my hi to hurt just a months after the marina first opened big waves from a far-off storm hit the harbor and these swells damaged boats and docks it even cooled the seawall out into the ocean but that doesn't happen now does it no the engineers built a model of the marina and they ran experiments with it to figure out what they had to do and these models are so cool they look exactly like the real marina and they have structures like jetties that the engineers could move around and run water through to see what would happen so using these models they figured out that if they built a breakwater these rocks would deflect waves and protect the marina and they built an actual one that still stands today protecting the marina from heavy weather events now that we've got the marina the next project is to combine Baldwin Hills and Kenneth on two bike paths and walkways that lead to the ocean that's where the planners and developers come in they're the ones who figured out where to put the services for the boaters places to live restaurants and other businesses they also have to decide what types of buildings and styles they want and what plans to use for landscaping if I were to build my own marina I'd want it to look like a tropical paradise like going to the South Pacific you're not alone on that one the planners created that a lot of the streets in Marina del Rey are named after islands and the palm trees are used to create that Island feel landscaping and building choices we make have big impacts on the animals that live here too Marina del Rey is extraordinary in that it is still affiliated with a natural marsh system its affiliated with dunes that have been restored there are still endangered species that nest and make their homes here and so while this is clearly an urban Harbor and it's dominated by the boats on the surface both above and below it steaming as a very vibrant ecosystem this part of California is actually in an area called a biodiversity hotspot recognized by Conservation International as one of a handful of really really important ecosystems that have lots of plants and animals that are only found in this area in fact by some estimates half of the plants in this part of Southern California are only found here and so their role is important not only to the local ecosystem but the global genetic reserve that we have in biodiversity I read that palm trees aren't native to this area doesn't it create problems if plants are brought in from outside ecosystems whatever plants you choose attract certain animals in the early days plants were chosen for that Island feel or simply because they were available so the eucalyptus trees that were planted grew tall and created homes for birds to nest in so what you're saying is that for every choice we make there's consequences the first shrubs that were planted here attracted feral cats rats and other pests and the wooden structures that were built brought termite so if we were going to build a marina the plans we would use and the resources we would need could affect the animals that come here there's more to it than that as the climate changes we have to select plants that will survive in the climate that's to come so as we plant trees we have to think decades into the future if the community gets involved they'll become more informed about the issues some people even volunteer to help gather information that will be used in the policy decisions a community scientist is just a normal stakeholder who gets involved in a local issue and helps collect data that informs that issue and that in turn informs the policy that is developed as a result there's been a lot of engagement meetings and events where community members are brought in to meet with the the individuals who are putting together these changes and voice their concerns and I've seen those concerns actually address and then put into the the plans that are being developed for the marina so if we know what the people love about the marina and we understand how it's being used we can make choices that will improve these characteristics so what are the people who use the marina say about it things that I like about Marina del Rey are it's a very very very small community of sailors and community members and lifeguards Coast Guard persons that work together to celebrate sailing and the sailing community so it's a wonderful place to be it's a whatever place to live it's a wonderful place important the beauty of sailing in Marina del Rey and also teaching sailing in Marina del Rey is that the winds are pretty consistent we can be in the harbor instructing and in our very safe little enclosed environment and then 15 minutes later we're out in the middle of the ocean now we're looking at Catalina we're looking at the mountains we see all of Southern California it's fabulous once you leave this Harbor you can go anywhere in the world this is my home this is where I leave from this is where I come back to you but I can go anywhere I want in the world we're in Marina del Rey right now it's about 550 in the morning we're getting ready to start our morning practice and we're about to go out on the water an amazing experience to be able to wake up and see the sunrise over the marina the Ducks of one of the most gorgeous experiences that anyone can ever have so coming here to row it's been like a dream come true yeah I agree Marie we get pretty lucky on how good the water conditions are here I'm from Washington where you know you have like two months on the water that are really nice to grow in the rest of your you and you get something what it's a nice area because it's very protected from the wind and other elements I love seeing like the sea lions and then every once in a while we get to see dolphins and they'll come up really close to our boats in it so they think it's a freshman here I thought they were sharks super and I got really scared but but it's really nice just getting to see the different wildlife that can live here you know it you know it's a man-made area but somehow they found their place here too the seal jumped on one of the boys boat they were as they were growing it into the dock he was just I think that was just like a funny expense to just see you know kind of the interaction between like we're here all the time in the interaction like the wildlife too lands on you so it sounds like the way the marina was designed makes it really easy for rowers because of the calm waters now for those of us who like to sleep in what can we do in the marina what about fishing my name's Keith Marais I'm with Marina del Rey anglers it's a local fishing club composed of people like myself that love to fish the fishing is actually really good it's a great place to launch your boat from because you're close to a lot of the really good fishing areas so you don't have too far to travel summertime is when you catch the exotics those are the fish that most of the fisherman really want like yellowtail yellowfin tuna Dorado they tend to travel with the warmer water so summer times better for them but when the water gets colder you can also catch lingcod rock cod those kind of fish they tend to go in deeper water but those are also you know highly sought after really good to eat so we have a project right here where we raise white sea bass it's funded by the Department of Fish and Wildlife and we get our hatchery fish from an operation in Carlsbad called hub SeaWorld Research Institute and we get little white sea bass they're about three inches long we raise them here in this pen all stocked by volunteer help it usually takes three to four months till they get to juvenile size like about 8 to 10 inches and at that point we release them and they're old enough to forage for themselves and hopefully avoid the Predators the seals in the birds and they grow to be 4050 pounds ten years ago you hardly saw any of them they were kind of rare and since cub SeaWorld started this program you see the sport both accounts go way way up so it's pretty exciting to hear that we know one of our fish grew big and lived a long life and then somebody called it so there's good fishing hey when I looked in the water it was that clear crystal blue like in all the movies it looks pretty dark how could it be good proficient when you can't see very deep into the water doesn't necessarily mean you've got a lot of mud in the water because we have no rivers around here usually what it means here is two things if it's right after a storm right we could have some sediment of water and it's making it very turbid but there's no storm or anything what it means is you have a lot of biological activity you've got microscopic plant cells the phytoplankton which there are so productive that they're actually increasing how much light is scattered you can't see that far down term it is water movement right exactly so when the water flows out of the creek some of it interacts with the marina this is a water quality stun it measures temperature salinity oxygen pH other things and we can lower this thing right through the water and get all these measurements as we go all the way down to the bottom back up it sounds like a lot happens between the water quality and the animals I could study the science of ecosystems my whole life and I'm not sure I'll understand it all some people like dr. Strauss and Dorsey do just that it is amazing to see how much this area has changed since the time they were just planning to build it yeah I have no idea what it took to create and maintain a man-made marina it also makes me wonder what will Marina del Rey look like for my kids [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Euthymia [1 likes]: Ahhh, my childhood home, Neptune Marina Apartments on Marquesas Way, visible on the left at 6:31. Neptune was legendary, but has since gone the way of all things.
  2. @hilarylentini8032 [1 likes]: Fascinating history lesson. Thank you!
  3. @keithl6480 [1 likes]: The Breakwater could be extended to the south.  If that was made longer then boats could safely anchor out in front of Playa Del Rey Beach.  The boaters need a safer place to anchor when transiting up and down the coast.  Or to anchor and not have to pay the county the really high dock fees.   There needs to be a safe harbor and safe anchorage too. 
So, wouldn't if be cool if the harbor enabled more boaters to use the harbor.  Both power boaters and sail boaters and transient boaters from around the world.  So many types of boating uses.  From little boats to big boats.  Sail, Row, Power. etc..  All need to share and be served by the county.
  4. @keithangler [1 likes]: Nice that the Marina Del Rey Anglers and it's White Seabass fish rearing pen got included in this.  At 12:30 mark they talk about Fishing until 14:07.
If you like fishing visit the site MDRAnglers.com to learn about the local Marina Del Rey Fishing Club!
<"><
  5. @jo-annlautman8147 [1 likes]: WONDERFUL  I have lived and enjoyed the Marina area for over 80 years...
from before the start till now...thankyou   a treat...a fear I have thought of
if we have a major tidal wave what will happen to the latest of buildings etc...
could they be sucked out to sea ????  AMAZING, a truly wonderful film  THANK YOU
  6. @Moonshine54321: These girls are So Dramatic! 😂

- Look At This: Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en JUAN: WHEN IT COMES TO LIVING SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA LIFE STYLE, THIS AREA IS HIGH ON THE LIST. PAT: SKY 9'S DESMOND SHAW LOOKING AT THIS COASTAL COMMUNITY. WITH NAME, AND THOUSANDS OF BOATS. REPORTER: TACK A LOOK AT L.A. AREA, RECREATIONAL HARBOR, THIS IS MARINA DEL REY, SPANISH FOR MARINA OF THE KINGS, THIS IS THE LARGEST MAN-MADE SMALL CRAFT HARBOR IN THE UNITED STATES 5,000 BOATS ARE KEPT HERE. OF ALL VARYING SIZES FROM SMALL SAILBOATS TO MEGA-YACHTS. LOOK AT THIS PARTICULARLY NICE YACHT HERE. THAT IS COMING IN TO DOCK AT MARINA DEL REY, THERE WERE PLANS TO TRY TO TURN IT INTO A MARINA AS FAR BACK AS 1800s. NO ONE SUCCEED THAT EARLYO, NOT UNTIL 1930s ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS CAME ALONG, IT DIDN'T FINISH UNTIL 1965 THERE WERE STORMS IN '63 IT DID QUITE A BIT OF DAMAGE, THEY DECIDED TO BUILD A BREAK WATER. IT WAS BUILT BEFORE 1965 TO CALM THE WATERS COMING IN IN ADDITION TO THE BOW BOLD -- BOATING ACTIVITIES FROM SAILING AND YACHTING THERE ARE PADDLEBOARDING AND KAYAKING AND MARINE LIFE, SEA LIONS COME IN AND OUT AND DOLPHINS. NICE PLACE FORBIDDER WATCHING AND WATER TAXIS, AND THERE ARE WALKING AND BIKING TRAILS, A FANTASTIC PLACE TO COOL OFF ON WEST SIDE OF L.A. AT MARINA DEL REY OFF OF THE 405 AND 90. THANK YOU TO ROBERT KING. I AM DESMOND SHAW TAKING A LOOK AT THIS FROM SKY 9. PAT: IF YOU WOULD LIKE DESMOND SHAW TO LOOK AT SOMETHING INTERESTING IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOO

  Top Comments:
  1. @fiercelokster9523 [10 likes]: I LOVE MARINA DEL REY,CALIFORNIA 💙
  2. @frank-gavinmoratalla7942 [9 likes]: You didn’t mention my favorite spot Burton Chase Park which is a great place to have a picnic and watch the boats/ yachts! I’m there at least 3 times a week!
  3. @custodianfile [6 likes]: I live in playa del rey. I get to look at MDR everyday. beautiful place.
  4. @luisdominguez213 [5 likes]: Damn I can’t believe they DESTROYED a salt marsh. A salt marsh is important for the ecosystem.
  5. @HarleyDavidsonVince [3 likes]: And every girl thinks a Hollywood producer is watching them ilmao!
  6. @808fbi6 [2 likes]: People with money
  7. @Novastar.SaberCombat [2 likes]: It must be nice to be rich. Enjoy, you kings and sultans! 💪😎🤟 The other 99% of humanity comprises your slaves, all at your beck and call!

Great reporting on the elite, btw. Well done. clap clap clap

🐲✨🐲✨🐲✨
  8. @matteoromenghi [1 likes]: I ❤️ Marina Del Rey!
  9. @DansFunMovies: Expensive place to Live.
  10. @jarrodyuki7081: a stem cant fire without the roots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! anyone know that !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  you need the airports telecom pilots flight attendants and the tour guides and investors.
  11. @beimpactful333: Forgot to mention Desmond what a s**t hole the area is due to transient crime sprees
  12. @ScrappyofSoufLA: aye yo desmond pookie and ray ray an all of us wee been on our woofs with our laser pointers our glow stix an our foe tees yo we can't see to get yo attention come fly yo happy ass over the souf yo
  13. @ScrappyofSoufLA: aye yo Des mon did you ever take Nicole Comstock up in yo flying toaster and give her the high way yo
  14. @cleanthestreets9564: Look at the Mexican cartels and gangs all over LA.
  15. @iclite3656: Read the bible. GOD CREATED ALL THINGS. UGGHHH. LET THE STREET TAKEOVERS RESUME.
One day u will get it RIGHT.😐
I HOPE😊

- ⚓ Annapolis Sailboat Show 2025 Full Tour, Boats, Gear & Sailing Inspiration! ⚓ Ep 343 Lady K Sailing: Kind: captions Language: en The Annapapolis Fall Sailboat Show is coming up quick. It's in October this year and it's going to be lit. This is the cruising sailboat paradise. Not to mention the new boats and vendors and sailing celebrities. Let me tell you why. [Music] [Applause] Anapapolis fall sailboat show is kind of the center of the sailing universe. Every October, sailors and vendors and manufacturers from all around the world rain down on Anapapolis like nowhere else in the world. And what's especially important is that it's more than just a sailboat show. It's cruisers mile marker zero. Let me explain. When people want to go sail in the Caribbean, they normally won't jump off of mainland US until November because it's hurricane season down in the islands. Insurance companies won't allow it. And for those who aren't insured, it's just bad business to go sail with the hurricanes. So, everybody gathers on the east coast of the US waiting for November. And the safest place and most convenient place to gather is Chesapeake Bay where Annapapolis is. Anapapolis is like any East Coast fishing village. Very historic and beautiful cobblestone with different color houses. But it also houses the Naval Academy. So, it's steeped in military tradition, museums, and things like that. It's also home to some of the best sailboat parts shopping to outfit your boat, some of the best sailboat racing, and home base for thousands of sailors. And every October, the town basically centers around the boat shows. First, it's the sailboats and then it's the less sophisticated boats later on. So, that fills the whole place up with cruisers. The anchorages go for miles up every river and cut all around Annapolis. And they'll all be absolutely full of cruising boats loaded down with jerry cans and Starlink dishes. It is a beautiful thing. And everyone goes to the show. The show is stuffed to the gills with vendors and boat makers showing off all their stuff. New boats get released here in Annapolis and the latest sailing gadgets are all getting shown off. You could spend a whole day just exploring the vendor tents, but one tent in particular interests a lot of people. The cruising content creators tent used to be called the YouTube tent. Anapapolis has long been the meeting place for people who make cruising content. We've got Distant Shores, Lauren Landers, MJ Sailing, The Rigging Doctor, Ryan and Sophie, Fair Isle, Gypsy, Parlay Revival, my personal favorite, SV Delos, Zingaro, Sam Holmes, and so many more. I don't know about you guys, but I am so stoked to meet all of these folks, especially Delos, because it's kind of them who sucked me into this whole sailing YouTube atmosphere. Anyway, and don't get me started on the sailboats. A full list is available on the Annapolis Sailboat Show website, as well as a map of the show with each dock, so you'll be able to see where every boat is parked, and you can kind of plan your route through the show. But the boats that caught my eye this year, the Allure 39 is one of them. This is an all aluminum cruiser with an integral centerboard, meaning the centerboard's part of the structure of the boat. Sale magazine said, "Aluminum boats that carry true integral centerboards and can take the ground with impunity have long been popular with French cruisers. However, until recently, they've gained very little traction in the United States. But this is starting to change as the French sort of mini conglomerate Grand Large Yaching, which owns two of these builders, Garcia and Allur, has pushed to gain them some exposure in the US. The debut of the 399 at the 2016 US Anapapolis Sailboat Show was part of that effort. Though it shares many attributes with a lot of other boats of this type, the 399 has some very cool features that you'll have to check out. I don't care what type of sailboats that you like. Aluminum boats are awesome and I can't wait to get aboard this one. Balance will also be there with some cuttingedge catamarans, the 502 and the 580. These guys are making a name for the way they make boats. It's like a supercar. The way they make a supercar is usually a carbon fiber tub that everything else sort of bolts onto. And Balance has started to do the same thing with cats. They make this carbon fiber framework and then build the rest of the boat around it. This is such cool technology and I can't wait to explore these balanced cats. I want to open every locker and see all the amazing carbon fiber work they did inside. Bento is of course one of the biggest exhibitors at this show with VIP tents and lots and lots of boats, but of interest this year are a couple of new and very important boats. Bento basically owns the cruising boat segment of the market with the most boats built and sold. So when they release a new 40 or 50footer, we need to pay attention. For 2025, they're bringing the all-new Oianis 47 and 52. These are peak cruising sailboats and what the market will be flooded with used versions of in about 15 years. So, we need to pay attention to these two boats. Catalina is bringing a bunch of the six series boats. These are the new ones and the one you should really look at is the 356. It's the smaller one of the lot, but being a mid-30footer, it's selling very, very well right now. And we should be seeing them in every marina in North America over the next 10 years. Get used to this boat because it is not going away. Next up, the Good Hope 65 by Edjoy Designs. These are expeditionary yachts meant to sail the whole world without limit. Lifting keels on boats built with redundancy and simplicity and ruggedness. This will be such a cool boat to get on and poke around because they're so rare to be seen sort of parked anywhere. More likely, you're going to see them on the news as the first boat to sail to some awful place no one wants to go, like the South Pole. A personal favorite of mine, the FAR40. You won't usually see these at the Anapapolis show. This is a raceboat that I adore and admire, and the folks over at the sailing school Oak Cliff Sailing have several of these FAR40s. They're bringing one to Annapapolis, presumably to promote their excellent sailing academy. So, it would be so cool to see a FAR40 sitting at a dock. Usually, I only get to see them with their rail in the water flying past me at Mach 3. Halberg Razi is always at the show and this year is no exception. If you want to see how the other half live, they'll have the 340 and her big sister, the 44 on for the show. These are the cream of the crop cruising boats built to spare no expense, and getting on one is always a treat. And speaking of treats, Moody will have the DS48 on display. Get on this thing and count how many times your mouse says, "Wow." They're designing this boat to look and feel more like a high-end power yacht, a baby super yacht. Because they say too many rich people are buying motor yachts, so they should buy this instead because it feels and looks and acts like a rich motor yacht, but it's still a sailboat. And I'm inclined to agree. These are magnificent and getting more people sailing, even rich people, is a good thing. Oh, and speaking of super yachts, Nautter Swan will be swinging for the fences this year. They're bringing the Swan 78. They say all of Naut's knowhow and experience in racing and cruising yachts has been incorporated into the new Bluewater Swan 78, a direct descendant of their original Swan 80 and 82 models from the past. This boat's slightly shorter overall in order to meet the EC 24 meter length limitation, but it's beamier and more powerful. The modern hull lines, including a wide stern above the waterline, twin rudders, and a racing oriented keel, are a reflection of the rapid evolution of yacht design over the past years. Propelled by experiences made on their round the world races and other offshore events, the new boat is faster, safer, easier to control, and as a result, more comfortable at sea. This boat will be a showstopper. So, if you want to get on it, go to it early. And speaking of early, some Anapapolis Sailboat Show advice for you. I go every year, so hopefully some of my mistakes will help you. Go early. I go to the website and check out all the boats, and I make a short list of the boats I really want to see. And then when I go to the show, I go on the first public day, usually the Thursday, and show up before the gates open. And when I get in, I beline to the biggest boat on my list. The bigger boats mean busier. Then I see the second biggest boat, and so on. Once I've seen all my target boats, I head for lunch and then try to crawl through the vendor tents the rest of the day. On day two, usually Friday or Saturday, it's more about wandering aimlessly and seeing the sites and whatever boats I missed. I love to get on the water taxi boats, too. Slip the captain a couple bucks and kick back while he drives people around all day up all the cuts and rivers around Annapolis. By the water is the best way to see all the cruising boats that are mored and anchored out. These folks are headed south and the boats they live on are out in the harbor. They are the real sailboats of this show. I love seeing the arches and Davidits and enclosures and other cruising modifications. It's so much fun. I'll be headed to the show, too. I've never been in the content creator section before. I always prefer to wander around the show, but this year I sent Annapapolis an an email and I asked them if I can be in the YouTube section. I suspect they might say no because I'm just a sailing dude on YouTube and I'm not a live cruiser, but we'll see. Either way, I will be at the show for several days this year and I hope I can see you guys there. Stop me so that we can have a chat. Just don't buy me a drink. I've been alcohol-free for 2 years, 2 months, and 20 days. I'm also thinking about taking my Hobie Cat down there so I can sail around all the rivers in Annapolis. I think that would be a super cool way to see sort of all the cruising boats that are anchored out ripping around on a Hobie Cat. So, if you want to get down on that, let me know. A huge shout out here to the people who make these videos possible. Patrons who give as little as a couple of bucks an episode. I truly couldn't make these without you. If you want to help me get more people sailing, get more people into this beautiful sport of ours, please consider becoming a patron. Until next week, friends, keep the heavy side down, but not too far down. We'll see you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @valerieb.4912 [3 likes]: Tim, be sure to video tape the gorgeous boats for me. I am “a ground” being a 24/7 caregiver to my 99.5 year old mom. So I will be living life through your eyes 👀. Happy Sailing ⛵️.
  2. @patituchij9882 [1 likes]: Congrats on the sobriety!! I have an 81 38ft Mariner pilothouse at Kent Island. Let me know if you want to go out on the Chesapeake while you’re in town for the show, and feel free to bring friends
  3. @tadrimmey8746 [1 likes]: As always, your video is great!  Also, congratulations on 2+ years of sobriety!  I am at 8 years and 5 months, and it is the best decision I ever made!
  4. @Glenbard4 [1 likes]: Tim, I’ll be there with my family on 12 October… that’s the Military Sunday. Hopefully I’ll see you there. Would love to chat!
  5. @radarriau: How large is the 275 Fleet? Would love to do some sailing with you guys this season I'm in San Francisco, but I might pay a visit to South Carolina.
  6. @BálsamoNaroeira: https://youtu.be/52rgJmB60G4?si=u50g5jAmhLiPjSUM
  7. @diveblu3: Would've been great to meet you there! Hope to catch you next year?
  8. @Cheers_Warren: Powerboat show was first this year! They alternate .
  9. @stevejones924: Congrad's on the dry land life style!  That is the most important thing, stay real, be real!:face-fuchsia-tongue-out::face-orange-raised-eyebrow:
  10. @josephriolo1587: Hey Tim, so glad you will be at the show. Our Bluewater 56 will be there on display. Would love your opinion on the boat as there are so few TRUE blue water boats on the market. We are by far the best value highest quality true blue water boat on the market. Thanks for considering us, Joseph Riolo Centurion Bluewater56 BW005
  11. @toribromley4714: I will be there as a local to MD and someone that is actively gearing up for full time living on a sailboat. I would be so grateful to meet you and pick your brain a little on what’s the best fit for my needs. I’d also absolutely love to go out on the Hobie since I’ve never been on one
  12. @majik-k8j: I love sailing 
What is the end life for these toys of the affluent?
Modern sailboats from manufacture to end of life can only pollute the Oceans and atmosphere .
  13. @sallyb3: Parked?? You mean docked 😅😅😅
  14. @SVChasingSerenity: We went in 2023 before we bought our fixer-upper 2007 Royal Cape 500, and we had a blast! Learned alot, and met great people. Bring shoes that are easy to take on and off to view boats, for sure 😊
  15. @dale0575: I might be mistaken, but at the 2:30 mark it looks like the video is showing the 2024 lineup rather than the 2025 one. Either way, I’m so glad to see you are included in the 2025 lineup! I also noticed that many of the content creators you mentioned didn’t appear in the 2025 list. My wife Alicia and I are really looking forward to hopefully making it down from BC to see you!
  16. @denyswoodroffe490: The keel and rudder must be a part of that boat skeleton, that everything is hung on.
  17. @jamesgrigsby8201: Tim,
Thanks for the run down on how to see the Annapolis Boat Show and congratulations on your years of sobriety! I’m a regular follower of you on YouTube!
R/ Jim Grigsby 
Virginia Beach
  18. @KeithHolle: Who’s rewatching this already?
  19. @ffpm2: I have a question about your reviews... what would you recommend for someone who lives off of lake Michigan , but would like a shallow (shoal) draft to go down the rivers to the Caribbean? I love the cats, cant afford it, i like moody, Southery (true deck saloons) however none in the great lakes, and the latter have no "ladder" to climb up and down. yes i can go with a motor yacht but i want a sailboat!
  20. @gregfaubert4260: 😂Trump = He'll no. I wanted to  go, but I  can go to Europe instead

- Annapolis Boat Show Overview: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good morning everybody. It's Captain Bob Sol. We're here at the uh United States Sailboat Show in Annapolis, Maryland. It's the largest inwater boat show in the United States. Uh it's been running for 45 years and virtually every sailboat manufacturer in the country is here. Uh it's a gorgeous morning. It's Thursday, October 8th. The boat show is going to run through Monday. Uh time's normally 10 to 6 and there's lots of things to see here. Right now we're out at the first sail dock where beginners can come out and learn to sail. They start with a 30 minute classroom session followed by a 90minute session that's on the water and one of the Bento first 22s. It's a cooperation between ASA Bento and Sale Time. also premiering new boats and the largest selection of catamarans and triarans. As you can see behind us, there just many, many sailboats here. Lots of them for you to come and tour. There's several events here at the Annapapolis Boat Show that are going to be fun. One is the launch party tonight with Tucker Thompson, the voice of the America's Cup, giving a presentation and people able to come and get their picture taken with the America's Cup trophy. Also, tomorrow afternoon, the ASA lunchon is going to be over at the prestigious Naval Academy. And then there's the Pusser Rum Dock Bar, which is always fun, as well as the boat show bash Saturday night. The boat show is about to open here in a few minutes. Uh we're going to go ahead and travel over to the vendor booths and visit with some of the people, bring you some live updates. So, please check in with us later today.

- Annapolis Brings a Plot Twist | Exploring the Worlds Sailing Capital! | EP56: Kind: captions Language: en I guess I assumed that we were randomly stumbling around cuz that's what I was doing. >> Welcome to Annapolis. Many would argue that this city is the sailing capital of our planet, and even those with an opposing opinion cannot deny the epic maritime vibes and incredible history that seemingly just floats in the atmosphere of this great town. Pulling into the harbor, you can immediately feel that you're in a special place. Join us this week as we take in this incredible town, explore its gems, and get blessed with invitations that elevate our stay to completely unforeseen levels. If you're new here, then welcome. I'm Nathan, the captain of our tiny floating home, the Ruth Pearl. And this this is Lindsay. I can promise you that her exterior beauty is only rivaled by what lies beneath. Earlier this year, we left our prized possessions in our wake and moved aboard this 40-foot trwler in search of real fulfillment. What we have experienced so far has been absolutely lifealtering. We would love it if you would hit subscribe and join this crazy journey. We wouldn't want to do it without you. Now, enjoy the film. >> It's really a cool history in this this sailing city. >> Annapolis is a special place. Just pulling into this harbor, there is so many boats and so much stuff going on. There's just the feeling of being with other mariners is deep here. There's so much there's marinas everywhere. The yacht club is awesome. Like there's like you can see them dragging um docks across for the boat show. I mean there is just a lot going on. It is it is something to behold. Man, it feels special. Heat. Heat. Welcome to Annapapolis. >> We are in Annapolis. I got to say, I visited Annapolis. I think I said this in a previous video, like maybe two, three years ago, and I was looking at a boat. Lindsay wasn't with me just because of logistical. And I walked around, I'm like, "Oh my gosh." I called her. I'm like, "Babe, you will love this town." And she has yet to visit it. >> Yeah. We're going to go look right now. >> I'm so excited to like watch her reaction to this town. Obviously, like they say it's a sailing capital of the world. I don't really know if that's true, but there are boats everywhere. It is also the week of the Annapapolis Power Boat Show. We got invited by Burr to look at some Flemings. There's no telling what we're going to get into, but we're excited. >> Yeah, we are. >> Well, we've only walked through a little bit of the neighborhoods, but what do you think so far? >> I love it. I love it. This is like such an inviting neighborhood. You can tell there's a whole bunch of history. You can tell people are happy here. That's one of the big things for me and I think you too. Like you notice how cool a city is based on like if the people that live here seem happy. >> For sure. >> You guys, I was like, "Okay, babe. We need to walk by all the stuff to get to food and then turn around and come back." And then I accidentally took a wrong turn and just took us through a neighborhood instead of through >> down there >> instead. See, see, it's like just the very end of the street. So, now we get to just take a little turn and we'll go uh that direction. We'll be right by all the food instead of walking by all of the stuff that she would have gone like that for. We'll actually get to get food at a reasonable time. Babe, do you do you believe that I did that on accident? >> I do. Well, >> I did. >> I did actually do it on accident, >> but it worked out. >> It worked out cuz I was nervous. I'm like, "Oh gosh, she's going to be like, "What's in there? >> We're going to eat. >> What's in there? What's that?" >> I could I could as long as I knew we were coming back, I could go past it. >> Okay. I don't know if I believe you. Look at over here. Oo, I love that color. >> One store. I literally We walked by one store and I'm like, "Come on. Come on. We'll come back." See? Oh boy. All right, we just came out from launch and you can see behind us how they're setting up for the for the boat show. Getting ready. >> Yep. >> Getting ready. >> Loading. >> Yeah. >> Look, a whaler butt. We are looking for some um >> rain gear. >> Like rain gear. Some foul weather gear. We don't really want Hely Hansen just because everybody has Hely Hansen. Although seems really quality. >> Seems like the nice stuff. >> Seems like the stuff to have, but we don't really like having the stuff that everybody else has. >> We're rebels like that. >> It looks like it's the best fit. >> So, we're going to look. I don't know. We're going to go look. >> Yeah. There's a store and then there's a must store as well. Yeah, cuz we haven't invested in good foul weather gear yet. I don't need this. That's better. We just got out of Hely Hansen. Like Nathan said, we've been trying to see what all of our options are. You know, everybody's got the stuff and I'm like, I don't want to just blend in, you know, but I have to say after seeing their stuff, I kind of get it. They have really nice stuff and it fits well and they have fun colors. So, you might see us in it. I got a new jacket. I got the mustto like really really light jacket to replace the one that we have that's not waterproof so that we can just go out and do lines in the rain and stuff cuz we don't need like a crazy sailing jacket. But I got the must one cuz it's the same as the backpacks if you watched our downtown St. Pete episode way back in the day. It's the same as our backpacks that we got. >> We discovered this cool brand called Must. And so this is just your waterproof roller up guy. >> And I like stuff that matches. >> Yeah, I don't blame you. That's what I got. >> So Nathan's jacket is all black with like little red detailing, which is very him. Um, but the women's version was the same. It was all black with a little red detailing. And while it did serve the purpose for what we needed, I just don't know if I want an all black jacket cuz I feel like it's a little bit boring. So, I'm going back to Hansen to see what kind of colors they've got. Tell me how much you like this shape or tell me how much you don't like this shape. And I know I like the shape before you even put the jacket on. >> Shape, right? >> Mhm. >> Right up your alley, huh? >> The only thing is you can't really stop. >> So, does it not have the zipper on the bottom to like open it up? You zip it up? >> No, but it doesn't start until right here. So, I have to get down and grab stuff. Got to test the function here. This ruined my outfit. >> Do you know what I'm saying? >> Are you doing it? >> Yep. Pulling the trigger. >> So, one point for Mustow, one point for Hely Hansen. I'm happy with my purchase. I feel that I was a little I was a little worried about kind of you have a casual outfit on and it starts raining and then you put on a like hiking style jacket and it just kind of it's not it's not flowing. So, I like that that that one doesn't ruin an outfit. >> You know what they say, if mama ain't happy, buy her a Hely Hansen jacket. I ain't no buddy's mama. >> That's true. Okay. Touche. So, we just randomly stumbled upon the Naval Academy, which we've heard a ton about here in Annapolis. I guess it's really just a huge campus and uh super impressive. So, we thought we would go in and scope it out, but we missed visiting hours by like what, a half hour? >> Yeah. And we randomly stumbled across it by me going, "Hey, the academy is this way. Let's go up this street." >> Oh, I guess I assumed that we were randomly stumbling around cuz that's what I was doing. >> Let's go this way. That's where the naval academy is. Can you get in there? I honestly kind of wish that the boat show wasn't going on right this second because I it just kind of feels like I mean there's a lot going on. They're setting up tents and everything. It's kind of killing the view and a little bit of the vibe and there's chain link fences going up everywhere and it's kind of not the way I wanted. It's >> in event mode. >> Yeah, I didn't really want Lindsay to see it like this but oh well. What are these? Purple green beans. What are these? These are so cool. Okay. Anyway, um you guys, I just walked randomly into a little white building back there cuz it looked like it was open and inviting. And they had a whole model of the city the way it used to be like in the 1700s and like some of the 1600s too. I can't remember exactly what year that model was, but anyway, whole bunch of history in there showing this whole area and how it came to be. It's just really cool to see how much of a maritime community this is and how it's really just been built based on access to the water. We just stopped at this place. Anapapolis made >> made Plus. >> Made Plus is the name of it. Maybe check them out. I might link their uh website in the description. All Anapapolis based. The CEO and founder was there randomly because his worker didn't show up. We had to talk to him. It was really cool. >> Successful day. What do you think of Annapolis so far? >> Oh, I love it. I love it. This is close to Newport, Rhode Island for me. It's an awesome town. Tomorrow, Lindsay is going to take the camera and do a liloo while I get some work done. And you guys are going to be pretty excited about that cuz I drug her around pretty quick today. >> Yeah. Yeah. I feel like there's a bunch of streets that I want to go back down. >> Now, we are headed back to have a wonderful dinner. There is a viewer/ turned friend that is allowing us to stay on their dock at their home. We are so blessed. I I'm pretty sure we have the best viewers of any YouTube channel on YouTube >> for sure. >> It has to be like you are all >> have so many amazing people >> and and every single one of them has been amazing. Like we'd be friends with all of you. We are friends with all you. The time has finally come. I am out for an anapapolis liloo. I've already gone in two places that were freaking amazing. The first one was this antique and bookstore. Antique bookstore. Really just like smelled of old books in there. I loved it. Just beautiful stuff. Um, I didn't buy anything, of course, cuz I don't have a bookshelf. So, there's that. Second place, local spot called Hobo. It is a local Annapapolis made handbag store. And I will say it, they focus on leather stuff, but they have this nylon stuff, too. And I have to say that I was pretty interested in like a nylon waist bag for cruising around in the dinghy. Of course, I was attracted to the leather ones cuz they're beautiful, but function-wise for the boat, I really like this nylon one. So, I might go back and get that. I don't know. We'll see. I'm not in spend money mode. I'm in just kind of look at stuff and appreciate it mode. So, anyway, I need to find some ones, though. I'm really just walking around and looking. I could pull some stuff up on my phone, but it's not as fun. Good morning. >> Good morning. Listen guys, we have been overwhelmed with the kindness of our hosts, like I said, with their viewers turned friends and they have just been so overly kind to us that we are going to take their boat and we're going to go over and get them a little gift for for allowing us to use their slip cuz it's just been massive blessings. Saved us a bunch of money, heartache, and it's just been absolutely awesome. >> So kind. and they're they've got to be the coolest people in like the whole entire town at least. >> They're awesome. >> They're amazing. So, >> yes. >> Um anyway, just for their privacy and everything, we're not going to show their house or anywhere exactly where we are, but we're going to go over and Lindsay's thought of some stuff that or what we want to get them for a gift. So, we're going to jump on their little whaler, cruise through the harbor, show you guys a few of the boats that are in the harbor, and go get them little gifts. This is the first time that I've driven like a center console or excuse me, like an outboard boat that's this size in like years and years and years. And it actually takes a little bit more getting used to than the dinghy to be honest with you. It responds so differently. I'm like, whoa, why is it going that way? Whoa. Thank you. >> Now that's an Annapolis parking job. >> Should tell them about the streets. Oh, wow. That's wooded right there. Careful. >> Yeah. So, in Annapolis, like every street end pretty much the ends of the water is public like tender or big tender docking. >> Awesome. >> Pretty cool. >> So, the other side of the harbor, which is where we are right now, it's called Eastport. So, it's not Annapolis. It's Eastport. >> Wait a minute. I thought Eastport was just like an area of Annapolis. >> Oh, maybe it is. >> Yeah, I think so. I mean, it says really big Eastport on the map. Like, it's a town. >> I think it's just the area. >> I'm going to find out right now. >> We should find out. >> Yep, you're right. It's Annapolis. Okay, Lindsay was right. This is Annapolis. Just like I guess a suburb of Annapolis. >> I think it's just the area, you know, little section. >> Why does my brain like resist the fact that it's just an area? I don't know why. Is this where we're going? Figs and flowers. >> Fig and flowers. Yeah. Look at they have my cleaner here. >> Fabuloso. >> Yeah. Right. >> My gosh, this store is so cute. I love it in here. Look at it. I want to keep them, >> but I won't. I'm very excited to give them as gifts. All right, we're splitting up. I have got a lunch meeting that Lindsay does not need to be a part need to be a part of with a boat manufacturer to chat about some design stuff and some fun stuff. And Lindsay's like, I'll let you do that alone. So, she is going to go grab her own lunch and hang out. Then, we're going to meet back up. And then, guess what we're doing, guys? We're going to Bur Yacht Sales to go look at all the cool Flemings that are there. And there is a Fleming 85 there with a full custom interior that we're going to get to check out. Couple of used 55s and some other stuff. That is what is happening. Okay, so yesterday I stopped at this crate place for lunch and it was fantastic. And I think I'm just going to go back there. I hate to go to the same place twice, but I don't have a ton of time to go scope things out. So, I want to be quick and I know that place is good. So, heading back. I think it's called Sophie's. >> Okay, I know I said I was going to get crepes, but I walked by Annapapolis Market House and they had a really good looking tuna pokey, an AI poke bowl. So, I got it and it was delicious and I'm happy about it. After lunch, we grabbed a taxi to head over to Bur Yacht Sales and meet up with Kevin to have a little look around. To say that the team at Bur Yachts as well as the vessels that they exclusively represent are both impressive would not be doing this dynamic duo justice. I have been around customer service when related to high-end product for most of my entire career, and I can confidently say these guys do it right. We were welcomed with open arms by Kevin, who is a staple of the Burach team. He graciously spent all afternoon walking us through different models and iterations of the Fleming yachts. He recited differences through the multiple generations of the Fleming 55, not only by year, but literally telling us the smallest details of every change in hole number. The 55 is really the only option within our budget. And even that is likely not going to be our next boat. While we made that abundantly clear, that did not stop him from walking us aboard a 58, a 65, and investing the exact amount of time explaining each one. Then, completely out of left field, he says, "Let's go for a ride in one." We drop the lines on a brokerage 55 and set out across the bay. This is the only brand or brokerage I have ever heard of that hands out sea trials without a signed contract. That is how much they believe in this product. At sea, this boat was a dream. smooth, quiet, and efficient. I got 10 minutes behind the helm of this amazing vessel and turned to Lindsay to confess. I get it now. I said, "People rave about these boats. People are loyal to Burr and to Fleming. And after this experience, I understand why." I got to give a big thank you to the Bur Yachts team. And at the same time, a little real talk here, guys. These guys did not ask us to film this. In fact, Kevin encouraged us to put the cameras down so that we could just enjoy the boats. I say that to say that this isn't a sales pitch. The reality is I put a massive amount of value on quality built product that is well represented. These guys and the Fleming brand are among the elite in the industry. And when people put in the effort to stand above the rest, I think it should be highlighted. We're back home from all the days festivities. We went to Burr. That was awesome. I cannot believe how amazing that experience was. I am getting packed up right now. I'm going to go back to North Dakota tomorrow morning and I'm going to spend a couple weeks with my family. Um, my best friend had a baby, so I'm going to go meet the baby and it's going to be a really good trip, but I'm going to miss the boat and I'm going to really miss Nathan. So, it's a little bittersweet, but I'm excited to go see all my friends and family. Got some maple syrup for my dad. Baby rattle from Maine. It's good stuff. So, yeah. Making my little pile here. You guys check out my slippers. I got these in Maine. Aren't they awesome? Bye. I'll be back soon. I'm going to miss you. I'm going to miss the boat. I'm going to miss you guys. >> Love you. >> I love you, too. Be careful. >> You be careful. I got this. Now that she's gone, the party starts. Just kidding. We miss her already. All right, we're going into the Anapapolis Power Boat Show. Going to go cruise around. I don't know how much stuff is going to be here, but I figure we go check it out, hang out, have a little food, look at some boats. I'm leaving to head south in the morning. I was going to leave the day, but I thought, why in the world would I leave the day when it's the first day of the Naples Power Rock Show? Let's go in and look at some boats and leave tomorrow. Man, I got to say, I'm really shocked at how many people are at this show. Like, this thing is slammed. It's Thursday. It's opening day. you have to buy like a pre- ticket and this place is absolutely slammed. But I will say from the I think it's from the hurricanes or the Atlantic, the surge, the water is like way up and you can see like here like there's water all through the show. It's pretty pretty crazy. I think they're taking care of it now. But um it's a bummer for them because there's a lot of places you can't walk. But yeah, there's a lot of people here. A lot of boats. A lot more boats than I thought there was going to be. Beautiful day. This is great. This is awesome. I'm so glad I stayed for this. You guys, I just walked through that Vicham yacht. I think you say it vich. I'm almost positive. Um, wow. What an amazing boat that is. They did such a good job with that. They build it off of the 65 ft mold and it's a 55 ft boat, 18 ft beam, three full stateooms with three full heads and three showers and then it's got a dab off of the roof for the tender. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful boat. It's pretty awesome that they brought out a training ship from the military academy um for everybody to walk through. The boat was packed with people. Really, really cool. Going to stop and say hey to the boys at Burr. Said hey to Kevin, gentleman that took us for a tour yesterday over at Burr Yacht Sales. I mean, all I can say is class act. Well, guys, I think that's a wrap. I had a blast. Um, a lot of like dayboats and center console boats, stuff like that for sure, but there's also a ton of larger boats, some trwers, uh, some express boats, lots and lots and lots of vendors. There's more vendors at this show than at a lot of the same size shows. Almost feels like almost like a Lauderdale for vendors. So, I think just because there's so many vendors around Annapolis. So, good times. I had a blast. I'm going to get some food.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JohnLegge-p1r [2 likes]: Fleming 55 is my dream boat but I have added that Selene 60 to my dream list , thanks for the videos !
  2. @henryn8752 [1 likes]: Once again, great chemistry and super cool vibe! I got the “fabuloso” comment….Lindsey’s cleaner. I bet she likes it because they are colorful.
  3. @RoeRobinson-c7e [1 likes]: Well imma just call BS there isn't a jacket in that bag IDC what nobody says
  4. @leaveorlibertyfishing7670: Had a port call in Annopolis while I was serving in the Coast Guard on our way to the Coast Guard yard in Baltimore. And it was the most beautiful place and the most pleasant place I’d had ever been by boat.
  5. @driveandsurvive: Fleming as a brand practically sells itself, and totally agree it's only fair to promote anyone or any company setting such high standards.
  6. @wesleykelly-gq1eh: Fun fact, though my brother went to Annapolis
  7. @wesleykelly-gq1eh: I haven’t been there in years, spent more time in Baltimore and DC
  8. @doncook2066: I would love to meet you both someday. ❤
  9. @jackechan1311: 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍:face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  10. @doncook2066: Love your videos
  11. @craigster12: I have a Hailey! Just checked out Fleming, nice ass boats!!
  12. @V1rowt8: Hey!   Enjoyed watching this!   We live in a different state, but have our boat in and around Annapolis much of the time.   It's great there!   Winter layup found me here watching your video.   Feels like we're "home" walking along with you guys thru the streets!    A couple things:   11:22 of your video...   I can answer this for you.   My wife is a Master Gardener, and we encountered some of those plants while walking the Annapolis streets ourselves.   They're called Hyacinth Bean Vines.   Pull one of the pods off, and they have the seeds inside for a new plant.   Ask me how I know, lol.    And on a different note...and a little trivia:  17:30 of your video, the house in the frame (until recently) belonged to Hollywood Director/Producer Barry Levinson.    His boat was named "Avalon" (after his movie), and its home was the dock in the foreground.  Happy travels!
  13. @darrenykema979: Lindsay is gold. Oh look a shop lol
  14. @wayneeverett8357: Not to be the English Police but "WORLDS sailing capital" is possessive ! Therefore, an Apostrophe is needed ! WORLD'S.  LOVE the videos !!!
  15. @RobertJolleyMarried: A flaming 85 would be a good and safer boat in blue water for you.
  16. @jbrownsv: You guys are awesome, and you’re crushing Annapolis. Love the Helly Hanson gear. It’s the best.
  17. @nutsmcflurry3737: Frog Togs is another source for rain gear.
  18. @johnraumjr6383: Great video but you guys should have checked out the statehouse. It’s the oldest in the country and it’s where George Washington resigned his commission from the continental army among other historical events.
  19. @Hydroguy1215: Good morning, good evening whatever time you two check the messages. Wife & I are watching nauti touring your baby. Good luck on the sale 🤞✌️🙏
  20. @andrewmorehead8710: I live in Annapolis. Great to see you two visiting this wonderful city. There is Downtown Annapolis and then there is Eastport. Yes, technically Eastport is in the city of Annapolis, but if you call someone from Eastport an Annapolitan they will be angry.

- Annapolis Boat Show 2021 | Sailing Avocet: Kind: captions Language: en today is the day we are leaving the west coast and heading to annapolis maryland where we are going to attend the annapolis boat show and meet up with chris's brother on prism so right now we're actually headed to the airport and we have a flight to catch so we gotta go [Music] so we are in spa creek annapolis just woke up after our pretty long night of travel got in around midnight and uh talked with the whole family for a while up until about two o'clock last night but we are awake we're about to go uh on a n55 which is one of john chan's really good friends they're going to show us around the area but right now we're just watching spock creek come alive it's very busy because of the boat show right now which means it should be better than the first time i'm being thorough cracker from the top or the bottom who invited him after a fabulous time aboard rome and a great lunch at cantler's we made our way into annapolis to take a look at what bacon sales consignment had to offer chris is in like his version of wonderland here at bacon sales just going through all the aisles is the book show special too just went into bacon consignment shop here in annapolis and found two pairs of self-tailing winches so now we have more than enough to outfit the cockpit and actually put a couple up on the mast as well to have extra awesomeness while we're winching stuff in so it's been a good day back aboard prison we settled in for the evening preparing the starboard side for a raft up alongside another hans christian 33 named dragon quest real nice yeah is [Applause] after a long night of music and laughter we woke up early to move prism to the airbnb that the family had rented for the remainder of the show today is the first day of the boat show for us today saturday so we are all ready to go we got our swag on and we are headed there now it is about 10 o'clock behind us is prism obviously she's on a dock right here we got an airbnb right on the water so we can easily transport from the water to the mainland today we are spending an hour at the youtube creators booth so we're really excited to meet the friends that we've met online and actually meet them in person it's going to be a little bit different but it's gonna be fun it's gonna be fun should be a good time regardless show first boat show in two years much worse we owe brett and jade evans big time we are having such a hard time trying to figure out which entrance you need to be at to get our credentials but i think we made it i think this is the right one chris is a little stressed out on whatsapp so we decided that we're just both gonna walk towards each other to figure it out so fun we made it jade is our savior um there are so many entrances to this boat show there's a lot we tried we were like kept going to the entrance and we were always at a different one but we made it work we made it work we figured it out we're good we made it we're in time to have fun after we got into the show we checked out all of the vendors while making our way towards the youtubers booth where we had a slot to host a meet and greet alongside fellow creators what do you think the bed go by we're gonna get catamaran this is pretty sweet all right so it is sunday it is our second day at the boat show yesterday was a lot of fun but i was very overwhelmed uh lynn party actually warned us about that she said take your time go slow make a plan we did none of those things well it was just really busy too like to get on a boat you probably had like at least a 30 minute 45 minute wait just getting into the show was a whole thing uh brett and jade evans from expedition evans were kind enough to grab our credentials to get into the show but we were trying to like locate them and going through phone calls and texting and whatsapp and just trying to find like a central point to meet and we finally did so we got into the show found our family hung out went to the youtuber booth and got to share it with odd life crafting and calico skies two very sweet couples who we've followed for a while now a little bit bummed though because a lot of our followers thought that we were going to be there on friday so they showed up on friday expecting to see us and we weren't there we had we did meet a lot of awesome people that were coming up to us and talking about all the work honestly we've been doing to the boat so we did talk a lot about avocet well we were there but um not much outside the booth believe it or not we talked mostly just in passing on boats so today's our last day we are gonna go buy some stuff we have bought a new dive flag slash buoy thing which is pretty cool um we have a new anchor light and tri-color we're going to talk to mantis about a few different things chris and i had commitments at the l l publications booth on behalf of lynn pardee herself although she was not physically at the show her spirit was felt all around by those she and her husband larry had inspired to go sailing too close it's amazing there's a lot of big boats yeah which one's your favorite probably this one the lickety why is it your favorite the color's cool and it's giant it's giant giant all right and it's completely carbon fiber where are we going now uh to the big tent my brother being the budget smart person that he is had arranged to pick up his new ultra anchor at the show to avoid paying for shipping at the end of day three it was time for him to pick up his new hook about 60 pounds on my shoulder yeah let's make this quick and then there's that this house reminds me of the mansion in the movie wind um when the guy's starting to kind of go crazy and he's just looking out over his balcony at the waterfront come in boy it's good to see you my you've been hiding out as long as i have huh i guess that makes sense because it's also the east coast but anyways before we vacated the beautiful waterside home the neely boys made use of the space and gave prism a proper wash down and installed her new boat show bling okay i have high hopes she sure as hell real pretty i mean we already had a oversized anchor for prism with the spade 55 pounder and with the new ultra anchor she's actually 16 so i have a high hopes for this it better work and better if it doesn't set at 50 feet right now spade struggle exactly where we are at 50 feet we had to put at least 100 out to get her to set before and then we brought up the extra for the scope in here for all the other boats so let's see how she sets at uh you have this new anchor for your fumes bridle what do you think jen we'll see are you have high expectations i i sure that's a good sign it looks like it's crabbing yeah the other spade wouldn't even have done that it can't do that now we have to go at least eight to one anchorage in order to get the set and then we bring it back to the five one but that just set with five to one which is a really good sign pretty good let's see it's not bad we're on our way to breakfast it's our last morning in annapolis and we're going to go meet the expedition evans and odd life crafting crew we're going to need a table of nine so let's hope they have it change of plans apparently after the boat show everything in annapolis is closed so instead of going to the iron rooster we're going to go to pusser's bar and grill for breakfast since they're open um but first we got coffee at the indianapolis market house our time in annapolis was coming to an end as we hugged our friends goodbye for now promising to come together again in an anchorage hopefully somewhere tropical we have a lot of packing to do and the winches are definitely going to be kind of hard to get back to california but we are very determined and john has given us some bags and pelican cases that need to go back to california anyways so i think that we'll be okay um fingers crossed right hope so back to california we made it home we're back in california with a whole lot of luggage we know this video wasn't much but we wanted to capture the memories made with our friends and family chris and i want to give a special thank you to jeff for organizing the youtubers to lin for the opportunity to be at her booth and for the endless amounts of advice to chris's mom and sister for the airbnb and of course to john and shannon for hosting us aboard prism once again back on the west coast we have so much going on that we cannot wait to share with you guys but until then next on sailing avocet all a right bit

  Top Comments:
  1. @arottie4097 [2 likes]: REALLY,, enjoyed this one! There were some seriously good editing Skill'zzz on display! I personally enjoy the way you transition between shots. It keeps things flowing nicely!!
  2. @tartansailor [2 likes]: Nice video, would also be nice to see the Prism crew again on YT, Cheers, Richard
  3. @david_shih [1 likes]: Awesome video and awesome boat show!!! Had a great time meeting you guys out there. Also your voice overs are so good!
  4. @pepperKingdom [1 likes]: μπουρδες
  5. @Boston_Whaler_285_Conquest [1 likes]: Big Party !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  6. @clarkeplunkett1 [1 likes]: Awesome video y'all!!! Was glad to have been a part of the trip.
  7. @SailingYaba: Looks like you had an amazing time. Hopefully we can meet you there next time :D
  8. @SailingJohanna: Awesome trip! We enjoyed the journey, thanks for sharing… We are from MD and livin in CA!  The Natty Boh MD flag on Prism 👍🏼    ♥️✌🏼🦀⛵️
  9. @mindyjefferson6153: Good job! Find out how your competition ranks better = P R O M O S M !
  10. @nathansilva7762: From tik tok
  11. @nathansilva7762: Hi marissa
  12. @everythingboats-ventura-ca5939: Awesome video guys… so cool you guys met odd crew, i talked about you guys with Duca before the Boat show… see you guys around 
I’m Still refitting my Cal, but just bought another Boat ⛵️just for learning… it’s been awesome we are by Channell island marina…⛵️🙏
  13. @MHaleyRN: Thanks for including Clark and I we so enjoyed our time with you!!
  14. @CapnClark: Roam is a movie star now!! Cheers from Culebra Puerto Rico!
  15. @svfairisle: Smart of Jon to, firstly go for an Ultra, and second get it yourselves at the boat-show to avoid the very costly delivery. But there's an even cheaper way! We are in Turkey (where Ultra are made) at the moment and the currency here has been devalued by 50% in the last few months so things are REALLY cheap. So if you want an cheap Ultra sail to Turkey!
  16. @C_C_SEA: ✨💯✨🖖
  17. @UnknownRider242: Really nice video.  Enjoyed it immensely.  Happy birthday a few days late Marissa.  Just think, you're half way to 50.

- Charter with Cruise Annapolis: Kind: captions Language: en for the best sailing experience in the USA Charter from Cru Anapolis on the most modern Fleet of privately owned Jano yachts and Fontaine Pau catamarans Cru Anapolis is fun fun for adults fun for kids choose from the latest models and enjoy a gentle sale to any number of great locations from Annapolis to St Michaels and the reaches of the bay grab a group of friends and enjoy an ASA sailing school vacation earn your certifications while discovering the charm history and magic of the Chesapeake Cru Anapolis is relaxing get away from it all avoid the beach traffic in crowds and set a course for adventure and New Horizons let us take care of the details with our personalized concierge services fully equipped boats and even your own captain and crew the Chesapeake Bay is North America's best cruising ground with protected Waters soft bottom and over 5,000 m of navigable Coastline enjoy the freeze in the shade of a cushion cockpit or lounge in the spacious air conditioned Salon below Cru Anapolis is easy new boats expertly maintained equipped with the latest systems for simple single-handing at the push of a button you can furl your sales or use the bow thruster to dock like a pro check on your progress from the comfort of your bunk with a mobile app friendly navigation Suites our staff offers Hands-On systems and sail training docking assistance and you can skip the fuel dock line with our easy check-in option Cruz Anapolis is located in the heart of Annapolis Maryland surrounded by great dining fun pubs and a rich Naval tradition as the home of the US Naval Academy easily accessible from major highways and BWI Airport Cru Anapolis offers great value compared to flying to the Caribbean or traditional Beach vacation rentals Cru Anapolis new boats no hassle [Music]

- HVAC Papi in Sag Harbor – Reznor RA-150 Waste Oil Boiler Maintenance at the Sag Harbor Yacht Club: Kind: captions Language: en Can somebody call Louis the bo? >> Forget about those cold days. Just take me to [music] the boiler room. I can't bring the warm days. Just take me to the boiler room. It's cold outside. No need to freeze. [music] Call Louis the boiler man. New York boiler and AC repair. >> All right, guys. We working on a waste oil heating system. So, it's made from Resner. Resner is one of the leading manufacturer with waste oil heaters or boilers, furnaces, whatever you guys want to call it. But it's a heater. It's a oil heater. So these things is a little different than a standard oil boilers. It's a little different. Same same concept, same procedure. But if you ever worked on number 46 oil back in the day that all those heavy oil mechanics out there, all the old school guys, you know exactly what I'm talking about. So the biggest thing with heavy oil or you know, waste oil is that everything's about maintenance, right? So the waste oil is filthy. It's dirty. In this particular case, all that oil he has in these tanks, all from all these big mega yachts that you see right behind me. So, we have to remove the actual the the drop leg, which is actually the leg that is returning supply. It has a check valve or we call a foot valve. It has a strainer. We have to clean out that strainer, remove the strainer, make sure it's clean because the oil has all that sediment and all that sludge and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and ya that is in the oil. So, it's going to clog. So, think of it like a clog artery. So, it's the same. There's no flow of fuel. So, and it's heavy. So, remember, think of it this way, too. This is the easiest way to think about. Think about when you suck it on the milkshake on the on the straw and you go like this. Mea, you can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was the same concept. So, we have to thin out this oil. So, on the actual heater, there's two heaters. There's a line heater or a preheater, I should say, that heats up the oil and it heats up the oil one more time the second time right before it goes into a nozzle. So, guys, it's just a little bit different. If you do not know how to work on heavy oil or waste oil heaters and you think this the same thing as home heating or regular boilers, you're going to you're in for a big treat because I'm going to give you a rude awakening right now. It's not. But the concept and the principles, the basics are the same. Another thing, so he's going to take care of the foot valve, check valve. We're going to take care of that filter. We have a strainer on that uh on that oil pump. You'll see momentarily. Then we got to go to the actual unit and I'll show you from there what's next. But guys, it's not the same type of filter you see on the boiler because the the the mesh on the filter is different. So pay attention to detail. What I would advise you guys to do is read and HAPPY [screaming] [music] ROCK. Ballers that clinging ballers that knock fixing and tuning and making it run. Now the man has [singing] begun. Boiler man rock. Heat it up. Boiler man. [singing] Heating nonstop. Servicing homes and making them hot. You can call him [music and singing] round the clock. See the winter time is the right time to keep your he and he got a plan to chase the cold. >> Let's camera action. Me, we're in the boat house baby in Sag Harbor. We actually finish finishing wrapping up doing a maintenance on a Resno waste oil heater. But this is something that everybody needs to pay attention to because the big part of the reason why the waste oil heaters get clogged up or they're not functioning correctly is because they don't do the maintenance. And also this right here, this is an electric heater, a preheater. And what happens is most people don't take it apart because they're lazy and they want to do the extra work and effort to take it apart and clean it. And what happens is this is the actual heater right here and they get plugged up. They do plug up. I mean, it's waste oil, right? So it's shitty oil. So, this is what thins out the oil because you cannot burn the oil without thinning out the oil first. So, I say this is important, if not one of the most important parts of this whole maintenance is because these things get plugged up and guess what? Since it's waste oil, it's very heavy. So, guess what? It's plugged up and there's no flow of fuel, you're never going to get heat. So, I would say this is one of the most important thing, one of the biggest important things you got to do. So, take a look here. The canister, this basically goes inside Flip it like that. This has a cap on the other end and oil goes through here and oil comes down to the other end. It's very simple. It's not you you're not going to the moon. But think of it like this. Think of if you're sucking um you you have a shake. A vanilla shake. M vanilla shake is great. Right? You suck it on the shake and you're like this. What? What happened? I can't get no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shake here. I can't taste the sugar. I can't taste the vanilla. I can't drink through this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] straw. Well, that's the same concept that happens in this canister. is thick thick oil and you cannot have thick oil. Think about thick oil going through this little thing here and coming out from here and it's just thick and you have to thin it out. So, it makes sense, right? So, guys, if you're ever doing any type of maintenance on a waste of oil heater, do me a favor, take your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrench, take this apart, and clean it because you're going to thank me later. All right, meber me. It's Louis the Border Man, and I am your border man. I'm the born man. [music] That's what I am. >> That's what I am. >> And I'm here to fix whatever I can. >> Whatever [music] I can. >> If you're getting cold and you're [singing] feeling blue your boiler and I'll be there for you. I want to heat [music and singing] you. I want to please you. I want to fix that boiler. All for you. >> Oh yeah. [music] I'm the boiler man. I'm the border man. Keeping you warm. I'm the man. I'm the border man. Oh, winter long. I'm the border man. [music] I'm the man. Keeping you warm. I'm the man. I'm the man. Till the cold is gone. [music] I'm the man. I'm the man. Till the cold is gone. Me is Louis the boy man. And I am your border man. I'm the born [music] man. >> Whatever [music] I am. feeling blue [music] your boiler and I'll be there for you. I want to heat [music] you. I boiler. All for [music] you. >> Oh yeah. I'm the boiler man. I'm the boiler man. Keeping you warm. [music] I'm the man. I'm the boiler man. Oh, winter long. I'm the boiler man. I'm the boiler man. man. Till the cold is gone. I'm the man. I'm the man. Till the cold is gone. Me is the border man. And I am your border man. Where? I'm the [music] man. >> Yo, what's going on? Scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me. My god. If you come here, guys, check it out. Check it out. You're in my office. Welcome to my office for today, guys. Look at this. You're probably saying, "What the hell am I seeing here?" What you're looking at is two storage tanks. This is waste oil from all these beautiful yachts and boats here at the Sag Harbor Yacht Club. Guys, I'm showing you guys something. So, oh, better go this way. Show you guys that. Man, come come come. Love it. Love it. Guys, listen. It's not too many days. I get, you know, friends, family, and cool people to come over here, take a look at my office and see take a look at my days of work. So, right here, I want to show you guys. So, it's a waste oil furnace. It's a heating system for this boat house. So, we have two storage tanks. We have a bypass here because when this one is um is empty, we have another tank over here. We have a check valve over there on that side. And or we call it a foot valve as well. We also have a filter. We have a pump. Very similar to um homes who you have oil. So, you guys see one of these pumps. It's a different type of pump. It's not the same type of pump. However, they're very similar. Uh what else? They got the oil line that goes all the way up and around. We put this oil line last actually last um Thanksgiving, this given weekend, we actually had this line done and for but of course it makes sense because anytime he calls us is because it's cold, you need heat. You don't need waste heater in the summertime. So we ran a new line which made a huge difference and improve the down time. What do I mean? Because before they had 3/8 of an inch of um copper tubing. Now we have/ in. It's a big difference. Why? Because to go from here to there, meaning to where to the where the oil furnace is at is maybe I'll say maybe about a 75 ft run. 50 to 75 ft. That's a long run, especially to a 38 copper tubing. So guys, this is the beginning. So this is where the the the magic happens first. Now we're going to take you to the place where the magic really happens. Come on out. Come with me. Let me show you guys. Show me. Show them. Come come. [clears throat] All right. I don't get I don't really get that many visitors, but I like when I get visitors. Visitors are great. Check it out, guys. Oh, now this is where the real magic happened. Woo! So, guys, take a look. So, this is the actual waste oil heating furnace from Resnner. So guys, it's kind of hard to see, but around the perimeter, you can kind of take an idea of what it looks like, how big this is. There's another room on this side. But notice on that side on the top, that's the copper tubing. That's the waste oil [snorts] tubing. It goes all the way from the oil tanks all the way to the actual furnace. So, right now, we're doing maintenance. And maintenance is super important, especially when it comes to waste oil, because I would say the biggest problems with waste oil heaters, honestly, maintenance, they guys don't do them. And what happens is I don't think you don't do them because it gets dirty, full of sludge, waste oil. So the guys are almost done and wrapping up, but I want to show you guys a little later in the video what's inside the actual unit. So you have a physical um I'm sorry, not physical. You have an actual visual. Sorry, wrong choice of words. An actual visual. It's been a long day, guys. Listen, it's about Let's see. It's 5:00. You guys can see right here. It's a long day. Wow. east. And listen, it's almost dinner time and we want to wrap it up because it's been a long day. It's cold. It's a little cold and chilly inside here. So, excuse my you know, my my brain is not operating the way it should be. But you guys get the point. But take a look at the video. Tell me what you guys think. If you have any questions or you need help with your waist heater in your mechanic shop or um any application, doesn't matter, but most of the time you're going to see waste oil heater in a commercial or industrial application. Call Poppy. That's what I'm here for, guys. Hit me up. 516 377-52000. But again guys, take a look at your video, tell me what you guys think. And hey guys, you know who you >> Merry Christmas and a happy new YEAR [screaming] [music] rockers that cling that knock. Fixing and tuning and making it run. Now the [singing] boiler man has begun. rock me is Louis the boiler man and I am your boiler man. >> I'm the border man. >> Whatever I can. your boiler and I'll [music] be there for you. I want to heat you. I want to please you. I want to [music] fix that boiler all for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joeymorra1892: where do i buy a hoodie funny i saw you while paying a ticket in December and i saw your hoodie and i was like thats sick bc i do hvac to but id like to buy one plz id even meet up to buy it if your cool with or i can send what ever it is plz lmk love the content keep up the hard work brother me and my cousin are out there on the island working and giving people heat and cooling to we with you brother

- Thrills, Triumphs & Caribbean Vibes in Sag Harbor!: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Dean Fenton. I'm working against Zimbabwe tour and board of authority. I'm the US director for marketing for the US and we actually in in Sag Harbor for 13th year because there's so much similarities what we do with our sale in regard. So we try to promote here in the offse with the hope of getting the awareness and actually people come down also to sail in our upcoming regard. Um, we're number one when it comes to sailing on the Caribbean, number four in the world. Well, when it comes to the goddess, I should say. Um, so we're also trying to get the younger generation into sailing. So, we share that with the people of Sag Harbor. So, we have a youth program in Antigga, which we're going to have like an exchange type of program for that. where the kids from Antigga comes to Sag Harbor, we have an exchange program where the kids from Sag Harbor come to Antigga and learn how to sail as well. So, it's really fun and they experience they get to experience the provin they get the kids from Antigga get to experience SA. So, it's a win-win for both of both uh uh countries involved and um it's been successful thus far. Colin James. I am the CEO of the Antigan Bobby the Tourism Authority and we've been hosting the Antigan Barbie the Hampton's challenge for the past 15 years. Um it was the brainchild of a gentleman by the name of Rob Rhoden and his wife Teresa um who came to Antigga quite often and they participated in our sailing regatas in yaching industry and they came to us with another day and said look why don't you try having a a yaching regata in the Hampton because there's so much similarities between Antigga English Harbor and South Harour you'll be board into yaching we board into sailing and it would be a great idea to promote our destinations here and at the same time get people to visit and come on down. And we started and what started as a simple event um 15 years ago has now grown into an annual event. But as part of that to add additional value to the local economy here, Teresa is part of the ITIR Foundation which helps um young ladies and that sort of thing. And so they participate with us on the party events at the end of the the Regata where tickets are sold and all that funds that are raised for charity actually goes to to it. So it's a great opportunity to collaborate not just from a business standpoint but also to have a meaningful contribution to uh the society here in South. Um one of the things that we have found in Antigga and Barb that sailing was traditionally a um a sport that was dominated by expatriots and Europeans. people sail and come to the Caribbean. And although we had great sailing weather, great sailing facilities and a great sailing pedigree, a lot of our people weren't involved in sailing local and to get involved. So we started a local academy to encourage and to train our sailors to be a part of it. And so that really has empowered them, has really equipped them to take advantage of one of the most lucrative um sporting occupations in the world, sailing and yaching, you know, where they can um work in these luxury yachts, where they can captain these lux where they can sail them around the world and really not only build their skills and their capacity um for the sport, but also to earn a really really excellent um income. And so it's really part of nation building. part of um promoting our culture is a part of promoting who we are and to ensure that we're so involved in yaching and chicken bar is the mecca of Caribbean sailing. I mean everything evolves around our our facilities that we have. We have one of the most preserved naval dockyards from the Georgian period. Well preserved from the Georgian period in Antian celebrating 300 years of history this year. And so that is remarkable. that's from the mid 1700s. And so you see it's so much opportunity that we have to be a part of an industry that's really really creative, that's fun to be a part and that really contributes to our passion. So I think it goes hand in hand to ensure that we can be all that we can be in our country within a sport that traditionally we were not involved. >> Charles H. Fernandez, Minister of Tourism, Antigan Buda Saga Harour is very similar to uh the Nelson's Dockyard, English Harbor. The difference is English Harbor is Caribbean Antigan. So, there's that local flavor you don't have here. Uh which is something we're really proud about. But in terms of sailing and and the the the kind of uh restaurants, the uh just about everything, the old uh colonial type look of the properties, English Harbor is very much like that. Uh probably even more so when you realize that the Nelson's dockyard situated at English Harbor was an old fort for Lord Nelson. So there's a tremendous amount of history. It's also a UN UNESCO site. So um it's it's a lot more history. It's a lot more culture. Uh we started this uh association with Sag Harbor 15 years ago and um it actually was a sailor from Saga Harour came to Antigga for sailing week and u said you know something we're very much alike. Why don't we twin? and Colin James before I became minister tourism. Colin James, the CEO at the time, said, "This is a great idea. Let's explore it some more." And as they say, um, that was the beginning and the rest is history.

- Sag Harbor Trip on Andy’s Donzi ZR!: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, YouTube? It's Sunday, July 9th. It's going to be 85° today. Pure sun, gorgeous. In my mind, there's logically only one thing to do today. Boating. [Applause] [Music] Okay, so we decided to skip out on Greenport today. We came to Sag Harbor. There's yachts everywhere. Check this place out. Heat. Heat. That's what it says. Yeah. Say hi to the vlog, boys. The fun fact of the day out here in Sag Harbor, Billy Joel has a house out here. This is his house. Heat up here. here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Okay, so I'm not necessarily a groupy, but one of my favorite TV shows is Million-Dollar Listing. LA, New York, both of them. Doesn't really matter. Anyway, if you guys watch the show, you know who Zach Fella is. He's a developer, big time guy. I follow him on Instagram. Anyway, he just pulls up this beautiful boat right here. knew it when he was backing in. I knew that it was him when he got off the I said to him said, "Hey, you're stack right." He said, "Yes." I said, "I know you're from the show." That was about it. That was my celebrity interaction of the day. Put you in this. All right. It's Tasa and Frankie D after a fab day in Sag Harbor. Packing up the boat, heading back to Connecticut. Doesn't get much better than this. Do you agree? Cheers. Cheers. Touch it. Cheers. Okay, so we left Sack Harbor a little bit early. If you leave a little bit early and you got time, you got to go to Cladio for a drink. So, here we go. up Heat. Heat. So, have you ever had one of those days where they ended up nowhere near you thought they would? So, I'm out on my friend's boat today. We're out in Sag Harbor. yachts, lunch, drinks, good friends, having an awesome time. We're start to cruise back home towards Old Sabbrook. I'm getting text messages from a group of my friends. They're asking me where I am. Are you at the hotel? Uh why aren't you here? I'm getting a couple pictures. They're dressed in tuxes. Finally, it didn't hit me till I get a picture message that says table three with all these names on it and all of a sudden it says Frank Dennardi. I realized, oh my god, it was my good friend's Matt's wedding day today. I get in a panic. I'm looking at all my friends on the boat. I said, "Holy crap, I'm missing a wedding right now. I got to get out of here. Hang on real quick. Um, I got to change." So, I race off the boat. I race to my house, take a shower, get changed, put on like, you know, wedding attire. Eight minutes I'm in and out of the house. I cruise up to Rhode Island. I attend my friend's uh wedding. I made it there for the very last part of it. But I did roll all night for the afterparty. It's literally 3:30 in the morning right now. And I never do this. But I'm taking tomorrow off of work. I'm going to work on the vlog. I hope you guys enjoy it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kurtwengart1: epic video, well made!

- Living with a DEADLINE [2.01] | SAILING Sag Harbor, New York (Ep.32): Kind: captions Language: en there's a tropical storm warning cody is over there and that yacht working peanut is uh growing boobs growing carl you quit hurting your mom he can't stay longer unless i apply for family immigration form [Music] i know that you're curious i know that you're strong but life can be furious and things can go wrong you go you go we're better off tomorrow but who knows who knows if we get your sorrow we're up in new york we have just dropped off our charter guest there's a tropical storm warning i think it's tropical storm faye is what they named it um it's kind of popping off of the chesapeake basically the center of the low right now we got pretty good protection to south most the wind's going to be stronger south uh i think it's going to be southwest in the morning but the south to southeast is going to be like the first initial hit of the storm front so we're going to we just set our anchor for southeast right now ish and then i'm gonna throw an anchor out for southwest that way we're just super secure we're in 11 foot of water and um we're probably gonna throw out a hundred foot of chain i can almost bet it's probably gonna be 40 knots of wind but the storm does have 50 in it sustained so um we'll just play safe so right now i'm digging in the anchor teresa's up front doing her thing it would be pretty sweet actually to get a new number so yeah this system is probably not the best but we have had success in the past with it so you got one side cool i got the pressure then this is our okay we're gonna have a little bit of wind so we'll just rig this thing up it's number just give it to it yeah let's get right there the hurricane season this year seemed to reach far even though we were in our safe haven of sack harbor new york it still seemed to be a lot of severe weather warnings like this kovic year didn't already provide enough challenges hey look at that and my little homemade curtain and my workstation is officially set up cody is over there in that yacht working currently on a break between charters i want to call it a break because i know he's got a break they're um cleaning and setting up again for a new charter and he will be done by something until then and i think he might be off tomorrow so we might find something the peanut is uh growing boobs growing hopefully everything is well let's stay out here for a few more weeks before i head to norway and then we'll do a checkup then we have a lot of planning to do for the year to come so that will be exciting and a little scary if you saw but um no it was fine i was just working on some videos and then started to cramp so i started to clean everything away and it got worse so i pushed myself to just finish the cleanup sort of and then i lay down and up in here ever since oh man carl's hurting you here right now there is something in there that's growing too fast carl's trying to cry trying to take you out if you say that name one more time could you take this out of my hands yes honey i will anything else carl you quit hurting your mom all right that's about as strict as i can so uh this is what has come to only in week 10 but my sciatic nerves are killing me i haven't moved enough lately and um i feel kind of embarrassed supposed to be a yoga instructor i guess it's not enough i need to be a yoga practitioner too so i'm doing this little baby cut like a baby downward dog or i'm just basically trying to stretch out a little bit of my lower back in addition to my hamstrings just the back of my body basically is so tight i'm gonna have to be better so the other thing that's going on is that um the logistics to have this baby in norway and for cody to be able to be there it's kind of hard to be honest covet is definitely not making it easier on on people from two different countries trying to live together having a baby i've been out of the country for norway for almost six months which means i need to get back to keep my health care i can apply for an extension the process of applying is it can be up to three months so i've applied but if that doesn't come in in the next four weeks i have to fly home to norway and due to covid i most likely can't come back i'll be fine it just sucked to leave the boat leave cody because his working season is not over we need every dime we can get the other problem is cody's possibilities to actually come and stay with me during my pregnancy we agreed to put the boat on land for the winter and as an american resident and citizen in national he can come and stay in norway for up to 90 days but there is no extension program he can't stay longer unless i apply for family immigration form the application to just file to be able to deliver in an application is a thousand over a thousand dollars like twelve hundred dollars which we already did um and he's supposed to deliver his application in person in new york city on manhattan and it has to deliver original papers birth certificate and passport in there and all of this too this process can take up to nine months and everybody knows how long a pregnancy last four i'm already in week ten which means i've got seven seven eight months left before the baby's due lucky for us in cody's work situation though he was still able to work this summer we were heavily dependent on that so the fact that chartering the hamptons didn't shut down completely was a huge deal for us working as a sailor and first mate for private and exclusive charters cody was daily navigating through pickups and drop-offs wearing masks and white gloves on a wooden schooner from 1928 and to us this meant we can plan ahead even during hard times for most we even managed to squeeze in a few charters on vinyasa rain and trust in letting go it takes a bit of suffering sleepless nights i'm wandering before you make it safely

  Top Comments:
  1. @WildlyIntrepid: I can only imagine what you guys have been going through. All the logistical headaches combined with covid makes it frustrating. You guys will be able to make it through anything in life after this. Love you xx
  2. @T.T.I.V: I've seen a few other sailors having the same problem. Sadly, this is what happens when people fall in Love, don't get married, do the proper processing in their respective countries, and get dual citizenship. I know it's a long tough process, but obviously worth the time and effort. I Pray it all works out for you and your family and Cody can be there for everything.
  3. @ericabertrand7579: The reality of life now with covid19. Very informative about how you need to do things if you are from 2 different countries and having a baby threw covid19 or not. Enjoyed the video thanks for sharing the information and thoughts. Can't wait until next week's episode⛵👪😍❤