- The Cook Ding Story and its life lesson 庖丁解牛: Kind: captions Language: en this is the wild know story of ping all cooking butchering and O now let me read the part that describes cooking performing the butchering of The Oaks in the story first then I would give you J's interpretation of the performance the translation I cited here is one by professor wanging of University of Wisconsin Oscars at the United States the reason I choose whose translation is that his translation is the most literal translation better still his translation also kept the musical quality of drums's original text now let me read the translation the hand touch the shoulders lean the feet plant the knees price SW swis the meat is whiskered from the bones the Performing knife zings through the O hitting the tone of the dance of malur forest the symphonic tone of the neck and the hat the description of the performance was followed by the exclamation of the L one H for whom cooking was doing the job how could the skill arrive at a suchar height Then followed by cooking's lengthy explanation how he achieved such excellent skill he said that he was more interested in the doubt than the skills after 19 years of practice he can dissect an ox with his eyes closed he meets the ox with his spirits rather than his sensory faculties his knife has become part of his body his hand and knife automatically follow the gaps in ox's body he said that an average buter changes his knife every month because he hikes a good butcher changes his knife every year because he caught he has used the same knife for 19 years and it is at a shop as it was just sharpened at the GL Stone in the following two sentences cook thing explains why his knife is at the shop at new following the Heavenly patterns my knife slide through the great crevice according to its natural lines my knife follows the great parity not that cook thing stresses that he follows the Heavenly pattern and his knife simply slid through the natural lines never has to cut anything the Heavenly patterns is the natural patterns of the anatomy of the ox no wonder that his knife haven't become D even after 19 years of use cooking also offered an explanation how does he use his knife so that it does not become D there is room between joints while the blade has no thickness to enter what has room with what has no thickness there must be ample room for the blade to move around so it is not that there is no room for the knife to go into the O it is because the average cook could not find the space between the joints so he opts to hack and there is also room among the muscles but the average cook could also not find it so he opts to cut the key is to find room between things after cooking explained all this L Wu exclaimed again saying excellent I heard the words of cooking and discover how to nurture life I don't think Dr is suggesting we all practice but ing to learn how to nurture our life it is not the skill percee that is the art of nurturing life it is the art of finding the room and becoming the master of Our Lives to find a room to be ourselves to be creative to enjoy what we are doing and to be happy in this super competitive world we all felt squeezed off our time energy opportunity Etc sometimes we feel that we have to be brutal to be successful to push someone out of our way to get where we want to be to lie or teat to get what we want and we reason that since everyone is doing it we would be disadvantaged if we do not act in the same way way maybe we would eventually get what we want be where we want to be but we also lose a lot we become cynical we become the kind of people we don't like we become depress and we hate what we are doing to others and to ourselves we are like the aage cook hiking our way through this treacherous World leaving a tra of Destruction behind us we forgot that there is plenty room for everyone in the world if only we know how to find it we can find it if we get into steps with the changes happening in our lives and adapt to the changes rather than fighting them if we are good like cooking we can even dance to the rhythm of this change that is to enjoy the changes and having fun with the changes if we can practice on observing the changing patterns around us appreciating the changes and become more and more adapt to the changes we would have much easier life than having to fight every step along the way if you're new to my Channel please check out my other videos on classical Chinese poverty philosophies or medical literature if you like the contents of these videos please click the like button and subscribe my channel I also offer one to one online license on this subjects if you would like to read the original text please contact me is my email address otherwise thanks for viewing my video and I'll see you next time than

  Top Comments:
  1. @SeenaMusic [2 likes]: Wonderful to review The Cook Ding Story again. Thanks for this deep spiritual reminder. 💓I needed it. Plus I love your makeup!!!❣
  2. @theorivas1 [2 likes]: What beautifully delivered beautiful message!
  3. @SeenaMusic [1 likes]: I re-watched this yet again just now ❤ I needed a boost today!! Here in New York it's challenging sometimes to be around cynical people projecting their insecurities  - thank you so so much for sharing your lovely, positive and tender energy here on Youtube. It is comforting to know that there is at least one other person who prefers to live from a positive stand-point - even if you are half way around the planet, haha! :):)

- Daoist Philosophy: Social Critique | Zhuangzi’s Butcher Ding: Kind: captions Language: en Butcher Ding: A Slaughter Ballet Ding, the butcher, slaughtered an ox for&nbsp;Wen-Hui, the ruler. He tore it with his hands,&nbsp;shoved it with his shoulders, whacked it&nbsp;with his feet, and hit it with his knees.&nbsp;&nbsp; The smacking and the crushing, the knife’s&nbsp;hissing and slicing: all were perfectly in tune.&nbsp;&nbsp; Motions were in time with the “Mulberry Grove”&nbsp;dance, and sounds matched the Jingshou music.&nbsp; Wen-Hui, the ruler, said: “Magnificent!&nbsp; How can skill reach such perfection?”&nbsp; Stowing his knife, the butcher&nbsp;said: “What I care about is the Dao,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I go a step further than skill. When I began&nbsp;slaughtering oxen, all I would see was oxen; but after three years, I wouldn’t&nbsp;even see a whole ox anymore. These days, I approach them with the spirit,&nbsp;not looking at them with my eyes. My sense&nbsp;perception stops and my spiritual determination goes to work. I rely on the natural structures&nbsp;to strike through the big cracks, lead through&nbsp;the big holes, follow through as it must be.&nbsp;&nbsp; I never cut through the thicker nodes and sinews,&nbsp; and of course not through the big bones. Decent&nbsp;butchers change their knives yearly. They slash.&nbsp; Average butchers change their knives monthly.&nbsp;They hack. I’ve got my knife for nineteen years&nbsp;now and slaughtered thousands of oxen with it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Its blade is just as good as a new one right off&nbsp;the whetstone. Those joints have space in between, and a knife’s blade has no thickness. When&nbsp;what has no thickness goes into the in-between,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is surely more than enough room for the&nbsp;blade to ramble around at ease. This is why&nbsp;after nineteen years my knife’s blade is just&nbsp; as good as a new one right off the whetstone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Still, each time I encounter some gristle that I see&nbsp; is hard to handle, I hold back most cautiously.&nbsp;&nbsp; My eyes fixed on that spot, I almost grind down&nbsp;to a halt. Then I move the knife subtly, and in&nbsp;an instant the butchering has been done: the pieces&nbsp;lie on the ground like scattered soil. Presenting&nbsp;my knife, I stand, turning to face all four&nbsp;directions, with an air of pride and satisfaction.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I wipe the knife clean and put it away.” Wen-Hui, the ruler, said: “Splendid! I hear the words of Ding, the butcher,&nbsp;and understand how to nourish one’s life!” This story of a ritual slaughter may be&nbsp;regarded as more or less the mother&nbsp;&nbsp; of all the so-called Daoist “knack stories” that&nbsp;have attracted much attention throughout the ages.&nbsp;&nbsp; These stories typically describe peculiar artisans&nbsp;enacting their craft with miraculous skill.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are usually taken to be, if somewhat&nbsp;exaggerated, Daoist role model stories intended&nbsp;&nbsp; to illustrate the incredible performance&nbsp;capacities resulting from Daoist exercise.&nbsp;&nbsp; Determined dedication to a Daoist&nbsp;cultivation regime of body and mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is suggested, will extraordinarily enhance&nbsp;one’s physical and spiritual potentials.&nbsp; Butcher Ding’s explanation of his sublime&nbsp;slaughter makes ample use of major Daoist themes&nbsp;and concepts. Right away he points out that he’s a&nbsp;man of the Dao, and not just a regular craftsman.&nbsp;&nbsp; He claims some higher aspiration&nbsp;beyond mundane professional expertise.&nbsp;&nbsp; In an almost meditative state, he no longer&nbsp;relies on his senses. This state is described&nbsp;similarly to a line from the Daodejing as a&nbsp;kind of seeing without looking (視之不見). The&nbsp;butcher then speaks of his motions with Daoist&nbsp;imagery as a spontaneous and effortless flow,&nbsp;&nbsp; seeking out empty spaces and exerting&nbsp;strength without using force.&nbsp;&nbsp; Such avoidance of friction allows his knife to&nbsp;maintain its immaculate sharpness— symbolizing the&nbsp;pristine vitality that Daoist practitioners&nbsp;are supposed to preserve. What is more,&nbsp;in all its durability, the knife operates in&nbsp;the mode of “rambling around at ease”, or you 遊:&nbsp;&nbsp; the central notion of well-being in the Zhuangzi. The butcher’s self-depiction as a Daoist master&nbsp;is emphatically confirmed by Lord Wen-Hui&nbsp;at the end of the story. He credits Ding for&nbsp;making him understand the art of yang sheng&nbsp;養生, of “nourishing life”. &nbsp; This expression&nbsp;not only provided the chapter in the Zhuangzi in&nbsp;which the story occurs with its title, but became&nbsp;an emblematic term for the cultivation of vitality&nbsp; in Chinese culture. No wonder then, that the story&nbsp;has been read as an iconic representation&nbsp;of Daoist practice. Such a reading, however,&nbsp;disregards the many incongruities woven into the&nbsp;text. Once these incongruities are taken note of,&nbsp;under the surface of a Daoist role model tale,&nbsp;a darkly humorous social critique emerges.&nbsp; Sacrificial rituals involving the slaughter&nbsp;of animals were a common event at the courts&nbsp;of early Chinese rulers: they adorned their rule&nbsp;with a religious aura, manifested their power and&nbsp;wealth and aestheticized it; and also provided an&nbsp;occasion for lavish banquets and feasts creating a&nbsp;bond between rulers and their feudal cliques. The&nbsp;Zhuangzi’s story of Ding, the butcher, however,&nbsp;&nbsp; grossly violates the standard etiquette&nbsp;of such rituals: As is mentioned in the&nbsp;first chapter of the Zhuangzi, the roles of ritual&nbsp;performers were strictly separated from butchers and cooks The Butcher Ding&nbsp;story breaks this taboo and puts the gruesome kill&nbsp;right in front of the eyes of the ruler—&nbsp;&nbsp; and of the readers of the story. As if in a Quentin Tarantino&nbsp;movie, a gory and unreal slaughter ballet unfolds. Quite shockingly, the beautiful artistic&nbsp;performances at the heart of a ritual banquet&nbsp;&nbsp; take on the form of the dismemberment&nbsp;of a huge living animal.&nbsp;&nbsp; The visual and emotional horrors of&nbsp;slicing up a body, splitting it apart,&nbsp;&nbsp; and splattering its blood, bizarrely&nbsp;blend with refined music and dance.&nbsp; The ritual slaughter of an ox is also the theme&nbsp;of another quite famous story about Zhuang Zhou.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here, Zhuang Zhou explains his refusal to take on&nbsp;a government job by comparing political officials&nbsp;&nbsp; with sacrificial oxen at court: They may be&nbsp;taken care of nicely for a time, but only to&nbsp;eventually get slaughtered. The message of this&nbsp;story blatantly contradicts the story of Ding,&nbsp;the butcher, who ceremoniously kills the oxen&nbsp;Zhuang Zhou himself desired never to become.&nbsp; Ding, the butcher, was a legendary figure&nbsp;in early China, also known from other texts&nbsp;as a model of skill. However, just as with&nbsp;the equally legendary horse trainer Bo Le 伯樂,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Zhuangzi reverses the common evaluation of&nbsp;these figures. Rather than positive models of&nbsp;humans making good use of animals, they appear&nbsp;as destructive characters who violently kill&nbsp;or domesticate animals against their will. The&nbsp;butcher’s long-term practice of his art has,&nbsp;ironically, “spiritually elevated” him to&nbsp;a level where he isn’t even able to see an&nbsp;ox as a living being anymore. He has become all&nbsp;but blind for the life and suffering of others. And yet, Ding, the butcher, undoubtedly has&nbsp;marvellous capabilities and describes himself&nbsp;as a Daoist virtuoso. The very fact, though, that&nbsp;he speaks in such a self-aggrandizing manner, his&nbsp;“air of pride and satisfaction,” and his arrogant&nbsp;claim to be “a man of the Dao” sets him apart from&nbsp;most other protagonists of knack stories in the&nbsp;Zhuangzi who are typically reluctant to speak.&nbsp; Ding, the butcher is an incongruent,&nbsp;satirically inverted Daoist master.&nbsp;&nbsp; He does not shun public office, but&nbsp;delights in being a ruler’s slaughterer.&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead of avoiding the sphere of political ritual&nbsp;with its artifice and excess, he is at the center&nbsp;of it. Instead of being cautious with words,&nbsp;he boasts about his skills. Most incongruously,&nbsp;he teaches a ruler the art of “nourishing life” by means of a brutal killing.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the incongruous main symbol of&nbsp;this supposed art of nourishing life,&nbsp;&nbsp; highlighted throughout the story, and then&nbsp;at the end proudly presented to all sides,&nbsp;&nbsp; wiped clean of blood, and cautiously stored&nbsp;to be used again for the next slaughter with&nbsp;all its sharpness intact—is a butcher’s knife. Once the grotesque incongruities of the story&nbsp;are taken into account, Ding, the butcher, no&nbsp;longer appears as a Daoist virtuoso, but as a&nbsp;Daoist sell-out. He put himself in the service of&nbsp;the rulers of his time—which, for good reason, is&nbsp;labelled the “Warring States” period. Innumerable&nbsp;rulers fought constantly against one another,&nbsp;striving for power and wealth. Regular people&nbsp;were conscripted into armies or for large building projects; punishments were frequent and harsh, and&nbsp;food shortages were no rarity. Rulers, however,&nbsp;often managed to nourish their own lives well&nbsp;by waging war—the devastating effects of which&nbsp;early Daoist texts often lament. The symbol of&nbsp;the knife in butcher Ding’s hand can be taken to&nbsp;represent the endless slaughter and suffering&nbsp;inflicted by rulers of the time on their people.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like that knife, the rulers’ warfare&nbsp;seemed never to lose its efficiency&nbsp;and produced an endless supply of fresh dead meat.&nbsp; At the same time elaborate rituals provided an&nbsp;ornamental framework supplying the ruling class&nbsp;with aesthetic splendour and spiritual elevation,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing them to feel perfectly “at ease”&nbsp;in the midst of the horror they created.

  Top Comments:
  1. @philosophyinmotion [17 likes]: What do you think about this story?
  2. @TheThundercow [14 likes]: I love the critical analysis you guys put into these ancient texts. This is what real respect for old masters looks like.
  3. @ryokan9120 [11 likes]: It's very unfortunate that Nietzsche never read Zhuangzi. I have a hunch that Nietzsche would have loved him.
  4. @JesterJahima [8 likes]: It is so ironic to see speakers at FAANG companies use the story of butcher Ding to discuss Wu Wei as a productivity hack. This irony would be lost on me without your critical analysis- thanks!
  5. @naftalibendavid [6 likes]: Is there a vegan sensibility here or am I projecting?
  6. @sampajanna999 [5 likes]: This reminds me of how "mindfulness" has been decontextualized from Buddhism and spread to many areas, including to militaries, who as I understand it,  train their soldiers in different sorts of mindfulness techniques, thereby (supposedly) creating better soldiers who kill more effectively.
  7. @Tomas33392 [5 likes]: These videos are incredible, I will follow your work with interest, thank you.
  8. @marqpsmythe228 [4 likes]: Wow! I’ve been a mediocre student of the Dao since 1976 and have always seen only the whole ox. Recently I’ve seen the spaces in between. Now, I don’t know what I see.
  9. @zhangjin7179 [3 likes]: there is another great story "wheel maker bian"!!
  10. @nicholasshackleferd [3 likes]: And damned if I'm not hungry
  11. @Jason-ms8bv [2 likes]: This is wonderful telling of the Butcher Ding, having read a translation I always wondered at the gory symbolism presented in the tale, of course without the knowledge of the cultural references my understanding of it was limited so this presentation had given me a lot more to work with.  One thought immediately came to me as I listened to this one; the practice of ritual to diffuse tensions and divert energy is still very prevalent and widespread, and does indeed seam to create a 'safe space' for those with self interest at the expense of others.
  12. @Liliquan [1 likes]: Truly fantastic analysis. It shows the importance of reading the whole text rather than just the individual parts. Which I have done as a learner of Classical Chinese. One often reads 寓言 aphorisms in isolation for reading practice which may give a false appearance of comprehension. Much more common would be the 論語 Lunyu which is often quoted like the Bible with references to particular lines in isolation.
  13. @dr.gaosclassroom [1 likes]: What an insightful interpretation of the Butcher Ding story! This story and the claim in Dao De Jing that the Dao treated the ten thousand things as straw dogs make me feel that Daoist teaching lack compassion. I guess if we take both texts as manuals for the art of rulership, this kind of teaching does make sense. I love all you videos. Great works!!
  14. @pochi3977: This story reminds me of the many interviews of Tech CEO’s, where they talk about their favourite sci-fi novels. And they completely misunderstood the theme, took the wrong lesson and adopt the value of antagonistic side. Through a very non-contextual and superficial reading, they take the dystopian world in the story as something desirable, thus reversing the very theme of the novel. By doing this, they also become the very thing that those sci-fi novels often satirises and makes fun of, much like this Butcher Ding and King Wenhui depicted in Zhuang Zi.
  15. @avahiresport5349: Amazing
  16. @krunkle5136: Idk I prefer a value free look at it as neutral and something that could be used for both good or bad, ideally plugged into something like Neo-Confucianism.
The value of the Cook Ding story as a skill story illustrating how Dao is used in seeing with the spirit etc eclipses any political messaging that may or may not have been intended.
Much like with Robber Chiu, the Dao isn't a force for either good nor evil, but a power able to be cultivated by anyone regardless of its application.
  17. @mariomario2642: Philosophers, not unlike priests of old or scientists of new, have taken advantage of the gullible in power positions. A miracle potion, a mystical cake recipe is all that's needed to run your kingdom and company without effort. Enough to fool all while the broth is cooked by some while enjoyed by others.
  18. @akshaykamathb2788: 7:43  Equally Legendary horse trailer Bo Le 伯樂 ( Zhuangzi’s chapter 9 )
  19. @Alys.H: I am mind-blown.
  20. @iamthatiam4760: It is the understanding, acceptance & acknowledgement 
that the paradox known as g_d / gOd 
is the Destroyer as well as the Creator.
It is a Divine Power that is vital 
to the continuously changing of Energy 
transforming into new forms of substance.
Energy must come apart
to RE-form to-gather into a new creation.
Destruction is Dao.

- A Cook Never Dulled His Blade in 18 Years - Zhuangzi on Following the Grain of the World: Kind: captions Language: en There is a cook in the Zhuangzi who cuts an ox not with effort, not with the grunting, mechanical, blade-against-bone labor that butchering requires. He moves through the animal the way a musician moves through a piece of music with the specific, fluid, warm, completely unhurried quality of someone who is not working against anything because they have found the places where there is nothing to work against. His cleaver never dulls. In 18 years of cutting, the blade has not once touched bone or gristle. He does not see the ox as a full animal and hack his way through it. He sees the natural structure, the spaces between the joints, the cavities where the tissue separates cleanly, and follows the grain of the thing rather than forcing his way through it. His lord watches and says, "Your skill is excellent." The cook puts down his cleaver, says, "What I follow is the Tao, something beyond mere skill. I work with my mind and not with my eye. My mind works without the control of the senses. I glide through the large cavities where they exist. I do not touch the ligaments or tendons. A good cook changes his chopper once a year because he cuts. An ordinary cook once a month because he hacks. He does not cut. He does not hack. He finds the space where the cutting is not necessary, where the thing yields not because force was applied, but because the mover has learned to feel where the thing wants to open." This is the philosophy of Zhuangzi, and it is the strangest, the funniest, the most difficult, and the most practically useful philosophical tradition in the history of human thought. We live inside a philosophy of effort. The culture's primary story about achievement is this: You identify the goal, you assess the gap between where you are and where you want to be, you apply sustained effort to close the gap, you monitor your progress, you adjust your strategy, you persist through the resistance, and you arrive through will, through discipline, through the accumulation of deliberate, directed, continuous force applied in the right direction. This is not wrong. Effort is real and necessary, and there is work in the world that requires exactly this approach. The Zhuangzi is not a philosophy of laziness or of the passive acceptance of whatever happens to arrive. But Zhuangzi looked at this story, the story of the self forcing its way through the world by will and method and the relentless application of strategic intention, and noticed something in it that the story itself could not see from the inside. The force is the problem. Not always, not for everything, but for the deepest kind of work, the work that is not the assembly of parts according to a blueprint, but the following of something alive, something moving, something that has its own grain and its own direction and its own slow, deliberate, natural openings. Force closes the very spaces skill is trying to find. The cook who hacks touches bone. The cook who follows the Tao glides through the cavities that force would never find. Zhuangzi, his actual name was Zhuang Zhou, lived in the 4th century BC in the state of Song in what is now Henan province in central China. He was a contemporary of Mencius, who was developing the Confucian tradition, and he spent a significant portion of his writing arguing with that tradition. Not bitterly, but with the specific, delighted, completely unembarrassed humor of a man who found the contrast between official Confucian earnestness and the actual texture of human experience genuinely funny. He was offered a position of high government office and declined. The story the tradition tells is that a royal messenger came to find him while he was fishing, and Zhuangzi, without looking up from the water, said that he had heard there was a sacred tortoise in the capital that had been dead for 3,000 years and was kept in a place of honor, wrapped in silk. He asked whether the tortoise would prefer to be dead and honored or alive and dragging its tail in the mud. The messenger said, "Alive, dragging its tail in the mud." Zhuangzi said, "Go away. I, too, will drag my tail in the mud." He wanted the mud. He wanted the living thing in its natural element, not preserved, not honored, not wrapped in the silk of official recognition. Alive, dirty, present in the actual texture of the actual world. This preference for the alive and muddy over the dead and honored is the whole of his philosophy in one story. The Zhuangzi, the text that bears his name, compiled across generations, containing material from many hands, but animated throughout by a single, unmistakable voice, is the most difficult and the most rewarding philosophical text in the Chinese tradition, it is not organized like a philosophical treatise, does not proceed from premises to arguments to conclusions. It moves the way the cook moves through the ox, through stories and parables and jokes and sudden unexpected turns that leave you somewhere you did not expect to be. There is a woodworker who carves a bell stand so beautiful that people think a spirit must have guided his hands. He says, "I fasted until my mind was one. My skill was concentrated. My selfhood dissolved. I entered the forest and looked at the trees until I found the one that had already, in its natural form, become the bell stand. Then I brought my hand to the work." He did not impose the form. He found it. The bell stand was already in the tree, already present in the natural structure of what was there, and his skill consisted of finding it, rather than forcing it into a shape the tree had not already prepared. This is what Zhuangzi means by following the Tao in practice, not passivity. The woodworker is enormously skilled, has spent decades developing his craft. But skill in the Zhuangzi understanding is not the ability to impose. It is the ability to receive, to be sensitive enough to the grain of the thing to find where it wants to go. I want to stay with the butterfly because it is the most famous passage in the Zhuangzi and the one that most people know and the one that is most consistently reduced to a pretty thought when it is actually a structural argument about the nature of reality. Zhuangzi writes, "Once upon a time, I, Zhuangzi, dreamt I was a butterfly, fluttering hither and thither, to all intents and purposes, a butterfly. I was conscious only of my happiness as a butterfly, unaware that I was Zhuangzi. Soon, I awoke, and there lay Zhuangzi, fast asleep. But then I wondered, was I Zhuangzi dreaming of being a butterfly, or am I now a butterfly dreaming of being Zhuangzi?" This is not a question about whether reality is real. It is a question about the solidity of the boundaries we draw between things, between sleeping and waking, between the dreaming self and the waking self, between Zhuangzi the man and the butterfly in the dream, between the categories that the mind uses to organize experience and the experience itself, which flows continuously, refusing the neat divisions that language and thought impose on it. The Zhuangzi calls the space between these categories a necessary transition, the hinge point, the place where one perspective becomes another, where what seemed fixed reveals itself to be in motion. And he says, "The person who has found this hinge, who lives at the place where the categories meet and dissolve, is the person who can move through the world finding the natural openings, following the grain, never dulling the blade because the blade is never forced against anything solid." There is a concept in the Zhuangzi, the concept that the text was built to transmit, that we have encountered before in this series, but that Zhuangzi takes further than any other philosopher in the tradition. Wu wei, effortless action, the doing that does not announce itself as doing, the work that follows the grain of the thing so precisely that no force is wasted, no resistance encountered, the task accomplished as naturally and as inevitably as water finding its level. But Zhuangzi adds something to wu wei that the Tao Te Ching does not quite say. He adds the dimension of joy. The cook does not merely perform his task without effort. He is fully present to it, takes pleasure in it, the genuine, unreserved, completely natural pleasure of a person doing the thing they were made to do in the way it wants to be done, in contact with the Tao rather than working against it. He says, "I work in accordance with my natural constitution. I slide through such great joints or cavities as there may be, according to the natural constitution of the animal. I do not even touch the convolutions of muscle and tendon, still less attempt to cut through large bones, according to the natural constitution of the animal." And implicitly, according to the natural constitution of the cook. The work that arises from the alignment of what the mover is and what the thing moved requires. This is what Zhuangzi means by skill. This is what he means by following the Tao. Not technique applied to matter. Awareness in contact with the grain of what is. Now, the bridge. Because Zhuangzi was writing in 4th century BC China, and most of us are not butchering oxen or carving bell stands, but most of us know, from the inside, the difference between the work that feels like hacking and the work that feels like finding the natural opening. Between the conversation that forces its way to a conclusion and the conversation that arrives there because the space opened. Between the creative project that comes from imposing a predetermined form and the one that reveals its own form, if you can be quiet enough and sensitive enough to see what is already there. And most of us know the exhaustion of the hacking, the blade that dulls, the effort that produces resistance that produces more effort, the experience of being in the work, but not with the work, of applying force rather than following the grain of a thing that, if you could find it, would open by itself. Zhuangzi does not have a method for finding the grain. He is suspicious of methods. The person with a method is the person who has already decided how the thing should go and has therefore stopped being sensitive to how it actually wants to go. What he offers is something prior to method, a quality of attention, the attention of the cook who has spent 18 years learning to feel the spaces, who has dissolved the self-consciousness of the person demonstrating skill and arrived at the transparency of the person simply doing the thing. Here is what Zhuangzi asks of you, practically, today. First, find where you are hacking. There is something in your work or in a relationship, or in the way you are moving through a current difficulty, where the blade is dulling, where the effort is producing resistance rather than progress, where the approach has the quality of force being applied to something that has not yielded to force and is not going to. Identify it. Not to judge the effort. The hacking is honest. The hacking is sometimes the only thing available. But to see it clearly, to ask, "Is this the right tool for this material? Is there a space here that I am cutting across rather than following?" The cook does not hack, but the cook spent years learning to feel the difference between the joint in the bone. Second, fast the mind. The woodworker who carves the bell stand says he fasted until his mind was one, not the body, the mind, until the noise of preference and judgement and the constant self-monitoring of the person who is performing competence had quieted enough for the natural structure of the thing to become visible. Once this week, before a piece of work that matters, before a conversation that matters, sit for 5 minutes with the intention of fasting the mind, not emptying it, quieting the part that is already composing the argument, already monitoring how the work is going, already measuring the progress against the predetermined outcome. Let that quiet. And then, enter the work and see whether the thing has a grain that the noise was preventing you from feeling. Third, follow something for 1 hour without a destination. Zhuangzi walked in the forests, fished in the rivers, declined the official positions, and kept the contact with the actual living, completely ungovernable texture of the world that institutional life tends to replace with its abstracted version. Once this week, 1 hour without a destination, without a productivity justification, follow something. A walk with no route, a piece of music all the way through with no other task, a conversation that is allowed to go wherever it actually wants to go. Not to achieve anything, to practice the quality of movement that follows rather than forces, that is present enough to feel the grain, that is not imposing a predetermined shape on the hour it is moving through. Notice where it goes. It will go somewhere you did not plan. Fourth, sit with the butterfly question. Not philosophically, as a direct investigation in the spirit of the forest philosophers, Zhuangzi and the Upanishads both, because they are pointing at the same territory from different directions. Once today, for 1 minute, hold the butterfly question genuinely, not as a riddle to be solved, as an opening. The boundary between the one who is reading this and the one who is dreaming last night. How solid is it? The boundary between the person in the memory from 20 years ago and the person right now. How continuous? The boundary between the self and the awareness that is having the self. Where exactly is that line? The hinge where the categories meet and dissolve. Zhuang Zi says the person who has found that hinge has found the place where the work opens by itself. Not knowing which is which is the beginning of the finding out. I want to close with the cook, not the moment of his performance, the scene that has been described and discussed and admired for 2 and 1/2 thousand years, the moment after he puts down the cleaver. The lord has offered his praise. The demonstration is complete. And the cook says, "I have always devoted myself to the It is better than mere skill. When I first began to cut oxen, I saw before me whole oxen. After practicing for 3 years, I no longer saw whole animals. And now, I work with my mind and not with my eye. senses. He cannot see what he is doing in the ordinary sense. The eye follows surfaces. The mind that has stopped being directed by the eye finds the structure beneath the surface, the places where the thing gives, where it opens, where it has been waiting for a touch that knows what it is doing well enough to wait for the opening rather than making one. 18 years, one cleaver, still sharp. Not because he was careful with it, because he never forced it against anything solid. That is the philosophy. That is the whole of it. Find the grain. Follow the grain. Trust that the thing has its own openings and that your work is to be sensitive enough to find them rather than strong enough to make them. The blade stays sharp. The ox falls open and the cook, after 18 years of attention, moves like a butterfly who has forgotten it ever learned to fly. Here is the question Zhuangzi weaves us with today. Not from the official position he refused, from the riverbank, from the mud, from the work that follows the grain of the world rather than imposing its own shape on it. Where in your life are you hacking, applying force to something that has a natural opening you have not yet found because you have not yet been still enough to feel where it wants to give? And what would it mean in the work, in the relationship, in the hour you are moving through right now, to put down the force and follow the grain instead? Leave that in the comments because that answer, your Zhuangzi answer, found in the space between the hacking and the finding, is not a small thing. It is the cleaver still sharp after 18 years because it never touched bone. I'll see you in the next one.

- How to Flow Through Life: The Taoist Story of the Prince and the Cook: Kind: captions Language: en The blade had been dancing for 19 years without losing its edge. In the heart of the royal kitchen, where most cooks burned through knives monthly like firewood, one man moved differently, as if he wasn't cutting meat at all, but conducting [music] an invisible orchestra. The prince had seen warriors, scholars, and masters of every craft. Yet none moved with such effortless precision as this humble cook carving an ox. What the prince was about to learn would shatter everything he believed about power, control, and mastery itself. Check right now if you're already subscribed to the channel, and tell us in the comments where you're watching this video from. It was a chaotic afternoon when the prince first stepped into that royal kitchen. He'd come seeking distraction from the weight of governing a restless kingdom. decisions that drained him, conflicts that never seemed to end, problems that demanded constant force and control. But what [music] he found stopped him cold in the doorway. There, in the middle of steam and noise and clanging metal, stood a man so still he seemed to exist in [music] a different dimension. The cook faced a massive ox carcass with nothing but an old knife and an expression of absolute peace. And when that blade finally moved, it wasn't like cutting at all. It was like watching water find its way downstream. Effortless and inevitable. The prince didn't know it yet, but this moment would transform not just how he ruled his kingdom, but how he understood the very nature of existence itself. The royal kitchen erupted in chaos that [music] afternoon. Metal clanging, servants shouting orders, steam hissing from enormous pots. In the middle of this storm stood the cook, silent and centered, facing a massive ox carcass. The prince watched from the doorway, arms crossed, [music] his mind heavy with the burden of governing a restless kingdom. He'd come seeking distraction, maybe a moment of peace, but what he found instead stopped him cold. The cook's knife moved like water finding its way downstream. [music] There was no hacking, no grinding of bone against steel, just fluid motion, almost musical. Each cut seemed to happen before the blade even touched flesh, as if the ox itself was revealing where to part. The prince had witnessed royal swordsmen train for decades. Yet, their movements looked forced compared to this. Something about the scene didn't make sense. Mastery was supposed to look difficult, earned through sweat and strain. He stepped closer. curiosity overriding protocol. I've seen artisans of every kind," the prince said, his voice cutting through the kitchen noise. "But I've never seen someone work like you do. Tell me, how long have you been using that blade?" The cook [music] paused, wiped his hands on his apron, and lifted the knife into the light. Its edge gleamed impossibly sharp, not a nick or dent visible. "19 years, my lord," he replied with a slight bow. The prince's eyes widened. His own soldiers replaced their weapons yearly. The kingdom's craftsmen wore through tools like autumn leaves falling. 19 years. Impossible. Other cooks here changed their knives every month. What sorcery keeps yours so sharp? The cook smiled, not with pride, but with the quiet knowing of someone who discovered a secret hidden in plain sight. His answer would challenge everything the prince thought he knew about effort, force, and the nature of true mastery. The cook set down his blade and gestured toward the ox. When I first began this work, my lord, I saw what everyone sees, a massive, solid obstacle. The whole ax, nothing but dense meat and impenetrable bone. I attacked it like a warrior storms a fortress using strength and determination. He traced his finger along the carcass's outline. I went through knives faster than anyone. My hands achd. My spirit grew heavy. I was fighting the very thing I was supposed to be serving. But something shifted after 3 years, he continued, his voice dropping to almost a whisper. I stopped seeing with my eyes alone. The ox stopped being a single impossible thing. I began to perceive the spaces between the natural hollows, the pathways that were already there waiting. The prince leaned in, fascinated. This wasn't about cooking anymore. The cook was describing a way of encountering reality itself, a philosophy hidden inside a practical skill. Now, when I approach my work, I don't see flesh or bone at all. My eyes rest. My spirit takes over. I feel the architecture of the animal [music] where it wants to separate where nature has already created the openings. [music] It's like reading a language written in silence. The cook picked up his knife again, positioning it against [music] a joint. Watch. I'm not cutting through anything. I'm following a path that's invisible to those who rely only on sight and force. The blade slid between bone and cartilage as if through empty air, making a [music] sound like wind through silk. The prince felt something stir in his chest. Recognition. He'd spent years [music] forcing solutions to problems in his kingdom, pushing against resistance with more laws, more control, more effort. What if there were hidden openings in those conflicts, too? What if he'd been trying to cut through bone when he could have been finding the spaces between? The question hung in the air, unanswered, but alive. There's no thickness to this blade, the cook said, holding the knife up so light passed through its razor edge. And in every joint, no matter how tight it appears, there's space. When something without thickness enters where there's space, there's freedom. [music] Complete freedom of movement. That's why after 19 years, this knife still cuts like it was forged yesterday. He handed it to the prince, who tested its weight, astonished by how light it felt. The prince turned the knife over in his hands, mesmerized. "But how do you find these spaces? Surely some parts of the ox resist. Some joints must be tighter than others." The cook nodded, retrieving the blade and returning to his work. Absolutely. And that's where most people fail. They feel resistance and immediately respond with greater force. They push, they grind, they exhaust themselves and their tools fighting what won't yield. I do the opposite, the cook explained, his movements demonstrating his words. When I encounter a difficult knot, a complex junction of tendon and bone, I don't attack it. I slow down. I feel for the natural opening, even if it's invisible at first. There's always a path through, always a path of least resistance [music] if you're patient enough to find it. His blade met a particularly tough section, and instead of forcing through, [music] he paused, adjusted his angle, and let the knife find its own way. The joint separated cleanly, effortlessly. The prince [music] watched, transfixed. How many problems in his kingdom had he approached like a battering ram against a castle gate? How many conflicts had he made worse by applying more pressure, more rules, more rigid control? The cook's philosophy wasn't about weakness or avoidance. It was about profound understanding. It was about working with reality instead of against [music] it. Wooi, the prince murmured, remembering ancient texts he dismissed as impractical poetry. The cook smiled, recognizing the term for what it truly meant. Action through non-action, power through receptivity. The cook's rhythm continued, smooth and unbroken, until suddenly his hands stilled. He'd reached a section where multiple bones converged, wrapped in thick tendons. A genuine challenge even for him. The prince expected him to simply power through, to prove his mastery with a decisive stroke. Instead, the cook did something unexpected. He stepped back, took a slow breath, and let his shoulders drop. The kitchen chaos continued around them, but he seemed to exist in a pocket of calm. "Even after all these years," the cook [music] said quietly, "I still encounter knots that demand respect. Joints so complex they could ruin this blade in a heartbeat if I approached them carelessly. This is where most cooks fail, my lord. They've built momentum. They're confident, and they barrel forward. They approached the difficult section again, but his movements had changed entirely. Each motion became deliberate, [music] almost ceremonial. His focus sharpened to a laser point. The knife touched [music] the knot with the gentleness of a feather landing on water. The cook didn't push or pull. He listened with his hands, feeling for the [music] whisper of space hidden within the tangle. His breathing slowed further. Time seemed to stretch. Then, with a movement so subtle the prince almost missed it, the cook shifted the blade a fraction of an inch. The entire knot separated like soil crumbling from an ancient artifact. It fell away in one piece, leaving clean edges behind. That the cook said carefully wiping his blade is the heart of living in harmony with the towel. When you meet genuine difficulty, you don't escalate, [music] you refine. You become more present, more attentive, more delicate. The prince felt something crack open inside his understanding. All his life, he believed that greater challenges required greater [music] force. But what he just witnessed proved the opposite. The hardest moments demanded the softest touch, the clearest mind, the most patient heart, and there was more to learn. The final cut completed, the cook set down his knife and stood back from the perfectly divided ox. Every piece lay arranged with geometric precision, [music] not a scrap wasted, not a single bone marred by unnecessary force. He moved to a basin of clean water and began washing the blade with the same reverence a monk might clean a sacred text. The steel sang softly as he dried it, then wrapped it carefully in cloth before placing it in its wooden case. His face showed no exhaustion. Instead, a deep satisfaction radiated from [music] him. The prince found himself unable to look away from this simple ritual. There was something profoundly moving about the care the cook showed for his tool, the gratitude implicit in each gesture. "You're not tired," the prince observed, almost to himself. "I've watched men finish far simpler tasks and collapse in exhaustion, yet you've carved an entire ox, and you look fulfilled." The cook turned to him and for the first time the prince saw not a servant [music] but a teacher. Someone who'd mastered what all the kingdom's philosophers only wrote about. When you move with the tow, my lord, work doesn't deplete you, it completes you. I'm not fighting against [music] my task. I'm dancing with it. Every cut is a conversation. Every challenge an invitation [music] to deeper awareness. By the end, I'm not diminished. I'm more whole than when I started. The cook's words landed in the prince's [music] mind like stones dropped into still water, creating ripples that spread outward into every area of his thinking, governance, relationships, even the weight he carried in his own heart. I came here today thinking I'd watch a cook prepare meat, but what you've taught me has nothing to do with cooking, does it? [music] The cook's smile was gentle, but knowing. The towel doesn't live in temples or sacred texts, my lord. It lives in the blade, [music] in the washing of dishes, in the conscious drawing of breath. Every moment is an opportunity to practice effortless [music] action. Every challenge is a chance to find the space instead of forcing through the resistance. The prince bowed deeply. Not the prefuncter nod of nobility [music] to servant, but the genuine bow of student to master. When he straightened, something had shifted in his eyes. The weight he'd carried [music] for years seemed lighter somehow. He'd entered this kitchen seeking distraction and found transformation instead. As he turned toward the door, the cook returned to his work, humming softly. A man at peace with his craft, his blade, and his place [music] in the great flow of things. The lesson had been given. what the prince would do with it was now his own journey to walk. So that's the story of the cook and the prince. But here's the real question. Where in your life are you the prince at the beginning of this story? Where are you using force when you should be finding space? Think about it. Really think about it. Are you grinding through your days, burning through your energy like those cooks who replace their knives every month? Or have you started discovering your own version of the cook's blade? That effortless flow where work becomes meditation and challenges become invitations. Drop a comment right now and tell me what's one situation where you've been pushing too hard instead of looking for the natural opening. Maybe it's a relationship that feels stuck. Maybe it's a project at work that's draining you. Maybe it's something deeper, something about how you're approaching your entire life. I want to hear your story because your experience might be exactly what someone else needs to hear today. And here's the thing, this channel exists to bring you these profound lessons every single day. Ancient wisdom that actually works in modern life. Tauist principles that can transform how you work, love, and exist in this chaotic world. But we need your help to reach 1,000 subscribers so we can keep growing this community of seekers and practitioners. Hit that subscribe button right now. Smash that notification bell [music] because tomorrow I'm sharing another story that will challenge everything you think you know about success, effort, and the art of living. The Cook's wisdom is just the beginning. Your journey to mastery, real, effortless, soul aligned mastery starts the moment you decide to stop [music] fighting and start flowing. And if you want to dive deeper into Tauist wisdom right now, check out the complete playlist I'm leaving on your screen. Each story will transform how you see life, work, and the art of effortless living. Don't miss what comes next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FLOW.WISDOM: "Are you forcing or are you flowing today? 🌊 Be honest! Drop a 'FLOW' if you're finding the path, or tell us what's resisting you. We’re building a community of 1,000 conscious creators—join us! ❤"

- Zhuangzi – The Parables of Effortless Living: Kind: captions Language: en jangi once dreamed he was a butterfly fluttering freely without a care in the world when he awoke he found himself lying in bed but then he wondered am I a man who dreamed I was a butterfly or a butterfly dreaming I am a man this simple yet profound Parable called the butterfly dream is one of jang's most famous and enduring stories appearing in the second chapter of the jangi titled on the equality of things it explores the nature of reality an illusion as well as the fluidity of identity and the interconnectedness of all things through this story jangi captures the essence of daoist philosophy and its emphasis on transformation and harmony with the Dao in celebration of Chinese New Year let us explore jangi and his Parables that invite us to reflect on transformation Harmony and freedom just like the cycle of Seasons or the flight of a butterfly his philosophy teaches es us to embrace life's inevitable changes with Serenity who was jangi imagine a world where freedom is not bound by rules where life flows like water and where the greatest wisdom comes from embracing the natural rhythm of existence this was the world of jangi one of the most profound and enigmatic philosophers of ancient China known as Master Jong he lived during the Waring States period 4th century BCE a time of chaos and political Strife instead of seeking power or order like confucious jangi Turned Inward and upward toward the Dao the way jang's philosophy is deeply rooted in Daoism the school of thought founded by Lau while Lau laid the foundation with his da de Jing emphasizing Wu way effortless action and simplicity druni expanded these ideas with Vivid parables and humor together they form the Cornerstone of DST philosophy offering Timeless wisdom on how to navigate life's complexities with Grace and ease the core of jang's philosophy at the heart of jang's teachings is a rejection of rigid thinking and human conventions he believed that distinctions like right and wrong or success and failure are illusions that trap us in unnecessary suffering instead he urged us to align ourselves with the Dao the natural flow of the universe and embrace life's Transformations without resistance Wu effortless action a central Concept in Daoism is WOAY often translated as effortless action this doesn't mean doing nothing it means acting in harmony with nature rather than forcing things against their natural flow think of water it flows around obstacles rather than fighting them yet it shapes mountains over time this is woo way achieving maximum efficiency by working with circumstances rather than against them five famous Parables from jangi the useless tree imagine a tree so large that its branches stretch endlessly into the sky a carpenter walks past it and scoffs at it for being useless because its wood is too Twisted for furniture or tools but because no one sees value in it this tree is left alone free to grow tall and provide shade for weary Travelers jangi uses this Parable to ask what it means to be useful sometimes what Society deems worthless holds a deeper purpose one that allows us to live freely without interference cook ding's Precision picture a cook slicing through an ox with such Grace that his knife seems to glide effortlessly through its flesh when asked how his blade never dulls cook ding replies that he does not cut through muscle or bone but follows the natural Lines within the ox his skill lies not in force but in understanding this Parable illustrates woe Mastery comes not from control but from working with what already exists it reminds us that when we align our actions with nature we achieve Harmony and precision the monkey trainer a monkey trainer tells his monkeys they will get three nuts in the morning and four at night the monkeys protest angrily they want more nuts in the morning so he changes it to 4: in the morning and 3: at night and now they are satisfied jangi uses this humorous story to highlight how rigid thinking creates unnecessary conflict the quantity of nuts never changed only their perception did true wisdom lies in flexibility and understanding others perspectives the sacred tortoise one day officials come to D jangi with an offer from the King asking him to serve as an adviser at court instead of accepting jangi responds with a story about a sacred tortoise whose shell was enshrined in a temple for all to admire he asks whether that tortoise would have preferred its honor or to be alive dragging its tail through the mud and declines their offer this Parable reflects jang's view that freedom is more valuable than status or recognition why trade your natural way of living for someone else's expectations death as transformation when jang's wife passed away his friend found him drumming on a tub and singing joyfully instead of mourning her death shocked his friend asked why he wasn't grieving jangi replied that when she was born she came from nothingness into form now she has returned from form back into nothingness to resist this transformation would be like fighting against the seasons for jangi life and death are not opposites but parts of an Eternal cycle accepting this truth allows us to live without fear or attachment why jang's teachings matter today in our fast-paced world filled with constant striving for success and control jang's teachings offer a refreshing alternative slow down let go of rigid expectations and Trust in life's natural flow jangi invites us to see beyond Illusions to live freely without fear or attachment and find Harmony within ourselves and with the world around us if you enjoyed this video about jang's Timeless Parables please like this video share it with your friends and subscribe to Eternal philosophies join us as we explore philosophical wisdom that transcends Generations

- The Art of Non-Attachment: Taoism and Control | Chapter 5 Explained: Kind: captions Language: en our fifth podcast episode of Sacred Soul Mornings. We're going into the fifth chapter of the Taq Ching. For two generations, one microphone, zero filters, except for southern nice ones. We're not zero filters. Let's zero filters about our ideology. Yeah. Um, so the fifth chapter, you know, you've got your translation. Mine's simple because we looked at it earlier, yours and mine, and and I didn't know if you wanted me to begin with my simpler one. Oh, mine's simple, too. But yes, I both of them for those who do not have an awareness of the towel teaching, but if you don't have one, go get one. This book is so teeny tiny with such power. Um, get one. And I need to go get one too and take this one back to the public library. Yours is big though. Mine has a lot of commentary. Mine has a lot of interpretations of other intelligent humans and things later. I hope um you know along the way that's why it always has three other people over history in their interpretation. I can't commentary that's the word commentary for anybody that might be listening to this. And so the first one that I read up there, was it last year or the year before last year? Year before probably. But it was probably like, you know, that skinny. Yeah. With the Winnie the Poo on it, right? And then there was that one. And my the one that my husband has is in Spanish and it's this. So you can attack. This is not hard. It's the easiest you'll ever read. But the most It's like 80 something pages. No more than a hundred. No, we're dragging this out for like a year though. Okay. as a living meditation. It's making us focus on being in source and it is changing things. I'm trying to be the here and now and and anyway, we'll get into all this. I know. But okay, you want me to do my little Yeah, read your chapter five. I want to hear it because it was one of those things that last week when we um compared our titles and they seemed opposite again. So, let's see how this goes. Mine says no preferences. Life has no preferences. Every manifestation has its place and lives its life under the sun. So I think it means every manifestation that means everything everything that's here has its place and lives its life under the sun. Therefore we welcome welcome everything and everyone without distinction. This is important. That is so it is so important. Life continuously breathes its forms into existence, never depleting itself, always replenishing itself. Clinging to our preferences, we we separate ourselves from life and suffer exhaustion. Sitting still and following our breath, we find renewal. I like your translation. I do too. Now that I know Yeah. uh last week when you read that I didn't quite get it even though I always say this is not our first time with this book but it's just has layers and layers and you get understanding with how you live it you know so you can pick this book up on any day go to a page and still get something new and so my version is probably a more literal word for word translation you know it's called the bellows the bellows which yours talked about the air flowing too you know eventually now that I know that part of yours And so mine says, "Heaven," this one it could be taken so um wrongly, but heaven and earth are not kind. They treat the myriad things as straw dogs. This is this is a doozy. Dowists are not kind. They treat ordinary folk as straw dogs. The space between heaven and earth is like a bellows, empty but never exhausted. The more it is worked, the more issues forth from it. Many words are soon spent. Hold fast to the center. What on earth does all that mean? Oh, how fun. Tell about straw dogs. Yeah, let's start with straw dogs, okay? Because that might be a weird concept anyway. Okay, I think that's a great idea. Let's start with straw dogs. So, straw dogs apparently were some kind of an effigy that was used in a ceremonial thing in ancient China. We still have these kind of things in many cultures where they create um you know something that's important and then it's disposable. So they've treated it in a certain way and then when it was done they burned them probably they're discarded as straw dogs. And so when it says they treat the myriad things dowists treat the myriad things and earth in heaven treat the myriad things as straw dogs. Um they mean everything is disposable. that this is kind of a mirage a little bit. And so I like to tie in the Bible because I think it's so important when things resonate. Yeah. Me too. So yeah, because when it resonates, that's what truth is, right? You know, maybe not I never use this verse in this way. I always thought of it differently. But when two or three come together, you know, so there I am too or whatever. Maybe it doesn't mean just right now when two to three come together in the present. Maybe it needs the past too. When things resonate with other people, when things resonate with Laoo and with the apostles and with Jesus and with us. Hey, when you got some commonality, that's two or three together. That's how it is. Golly, oh, I love that. There's so many. I like making peace with the Bible. I think the Bible's a great book. I think it's very misinterpreted. Um, and I spent a lot of years not liking it. So, this is a full circle thing for me. Anyway, so us, we know um that in the book of the Bible that we are a transitory creature, right? We are made of the dust of the earth. And it says Genesis flat out starts out, you know, for dust you are and dust you shall return. And then we spent a whole lot of verses and and you know, talking about these jars, jars that we are jars. We are empty jars. Okay, all of us are empty jars made out of mud. If you've ever done that and so um with pottery in second Corinthians, Paul wrote this and Paul would know this. He's so human. Bless his heart. He was humbled. And I spent a lot of years not liking Paul and I had to kind of eat crow and go, boy, was I wrong about Paul. Probably he had to be humble to come to these things. It says, "But we have this treasure in jars of clay." this treasure we're carrying around this divine breath, this source to show that this all surpassing power is from God and not from us. So we're carrying around in that. And then we have Romans 9:21. It says, "Does not the potter have power over the clay from the same lump to make one vessel for honor and another for dishonor?" Right? You got that? And then this is not on my notes. about these vessels. Um, Revelations, I just talked to you about that. In the book of Revelations and chapter 3, somewhere in there at the end, it talks about those um vessels being broken. And when those vessels are broken, then we'll all know, you know, we'll arrive at the kingdom because our bodies are straw dogs. They pass. And so Evan and Earth is impartial um to these straw dogs and uh to these jars of clay and um yeah. Do you have any thoughts on that? That's very different. Well um just now and I probably don't have words to say what I'm thinking or feeling but um it makes me think of uh spirit and then the the physical. And so the I'm just rephrasing I guess but the straw dogs or the clay jars are just our physical carnal selves. And but there's the spirit. And so even if all those clay jars get broken, that doesn't mean it's all over. Then this then the uh spirit of all everyone is released and back you know back to source or whatever or not even not even bit separated really but released. We stop identifying we stop identifying ourselves with this straw dog. We stop identifying with these clays. We stop saying this is me. We say oh I am that that. And so that is what we're talking about. We stop saying I am this Caucasian woman. I am this dialect. I am this able disabled mom your age. That's all a straw dog. And the energy of the Dao um is impartial to that. And so is the story of the God of the Bible, you know. And that used to be so hard for me to understand, but I didn't have a hard time with this verse because I misinterpreted it when I was younger of Matthew 5:45. It says he, I'm going to say the flow, the towel, causes his son to rise on the evil and the good and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. Now, the thing that made me have a little bit of a skewed view on that when I was younger is I assumed they meant righteous and unrighteous is in good people and bad people. I was like, that meant he sends the rain on my specific church and those Baptists. No, I'm just I'm just just joking. There is a pretty big beef with this group in the Baptists, but I love them now. We're all right. But back in the day, I could sit there being a little nine-year-old and going, "Yeah, it rains on them, too." They're not talking about specific people. We're talking about things. And there's also a little interesting thing here about just and unjust and evil and good. Um I don't think that the Dao um even they understand people who dowist understand this but I don't think even the people who wrote the Bible meant that we were judging uh people as evil and good in the way that we did in our puritanical view. And so we know that because in Greek the word good and evil has no morality. It had to do with beneficial or not beneficial in harmony or disharmony. And that's subjective. Yeah. To your own lens. That's subjective. So that means that no one and you know boy that this is hard but no one desires to do bad stuff unless they're motivated by their own benefit. So, everyone is justified in their hearts to do what they're doing. Now, I may sit there and I've had spent my whole life doing this riddle going, "What on earth is that person thinking? That horrible human. What on earth are they doing? I can't even put myself in their shoes." And I try to put myself in their shoes over and over. I'm like, I mean, let's talk about the worst of the worst people who like Hitler people. Yeah. I'm going to eat all the people and eat And then I'm like going, "What in the world?" Now, if you know me, you know I have this passion to work with people sometimes who are on this path and know people who are on this path because I'm trying to figure them out. It's part of my life journey. I go, "What makes you do this?" And I see the redeeming qualities, which is really hard, but I do. It's part of my life path. I don't know what the heck. Um, and they're justified in their mind somehow. I know. do these things to their for their benefit, whatever it is. Yeah. Whatever it is. And so when we're talking about this, you know, it says in here, Towists are not kind. You're like, what? That's the opposite of like what Jesus would teach. Dowists are not kind. Kindness is subjective. Dowists are in harmony. People who follow the Dao are in harmony, not necessarily kind. So they're not just maybe saying that that is not the motive of going on this way or not. It is not I'm going to be kind. I'm going to be a kind person. That's not the motive. The motive is to be in harmony. Yes. It's not to be a good person. Boy is that whatever kind means. whatever kind means. As a mom, as a mother who takes parenting very seriously, and you did too, and especially someone who taught children and teaches children, even my kids, we always say, have nice hands, be good, be kind, pretty much, you know, have kind hands, kind words, kind ears, kind fingernails, kind bottoms, don't hit people with things. Um, kind pencils. What on earth does that mean? You know, and they have a hard time with it, too, because they're like, I am being kind to myself right now. So, you know, being in flow is a little easier. Does this feel like I'm in flow? Does it not feel like I'm in flow? Is it warm and cuddly? Is it icky? That's that compass I teach young people about, you know, and I'm learning it myself and it's changed everything because it challenges some beliefs sometimes. I love your cat. Your cat is always in flow right there. That's a good Yeah, animals are in flow usually. Yes. They don't go make them do things that feel icky for the common good. Like we talked this morning about capital punishment. And what part of that feels good? Yeah. What part feels good? It does feel icky. Now, it might feel powerful that you're subjugating somebody. that power thing like when you yell at someone at the restaurant, not me, but someone else. Or when you honk your horn really loud or flip them off or something, you're you're forcing them under you. But does it feel warm and cuddly like petting your cat? No, it doesn't. And so capital punishment, does it feel warm and cuddly like petting your cat? No. What does it harmonize with? Nothing. people who have the job of pushing the button even though or doing whatever else they have to do. Those people that are part of that job, it makes them harden their hearts even if they volunteer for it. Yeah. Which I So anyway, that's how I feel about that. Go ahead. No, what were you going to say? I have no idea. I want you to we we take this seriously of going with the flow in these 30 minute time. It does. It always flows. Yeah. Yeah, I'm saying. Go ahead. It's your turn. Well, when it mentioned the clay pots and then the clay pots that were made for I don't know, honorable and dishonorable, which is one of my favorite jokes, but you know, internal mom me jokes. Yeah. And so then, you know, I like to go to bother you. No, that's not the way it's meant probably. Maybe. Well, and it does take everything and everybody. We've talked to, you know, it takes the whole body and all the parts. Wine pots, potty pots, but for honor and dishonor. And so I'm thinking of I'm sorry. I love it. Go ahead again, though. I'm thinking of balance and harmony. Gosh, now I can't even get back. Duality. Huh? The duality. The duality. But that no, this goes right into what I was going to say. So if you're someone who has ever considered the Bible and you're in a fundamentalist view or a literal view, which is most of us here in the Western world actually. Yeah. Really? In one way or another. Yes. One way or another. Unless you happen to be a Thomas Merin. Everybody else doesn't have the luxury. Started out that way probably. Yes. And then all the professors I had that left the abbey. Yeah. They maintained their belief, but they also had the door open for mysticism. Um, Job is a stumbling block. Oh, it is. Now, I've sat through many sermons trying to figure out Job. And I've read many sermons trying to figure out Job. And none of them sit. And you know me, my whole life since what age have I read Job? I don't know. Eight. I don't know. Eight years. I think about Job every couple months again. I'm like, maybe it's time to reread it. Try and figure out this riddle because I'm missing something. And we know that some people don't think that Job should even fit in the cannon of books. Maybe it's some other thing. Job might have been written well before anything else. You know, it's that ancient of a text and it kind of doesn't align in some ways, but it aligns with this worldview of the Dao. It does. In Job, it says, "Shall we accept good from God and not trouble?" And in my version, it literally says, "Good and evil." Shall we accept good from God and not trouble? Job 2:10. Who are you to judge the world I created? Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth? So that mean it says shall we accept good from God and not trouble? It means from source. Good and trouble both come from source. And that is a just very confounding viewpoint from someone who believes that only good comes from God. Now only benefit comes from source. I could say the benefit of the whole. But the duality that energy is impartial. So if you go against source, you may experience some crummy crummy stuff. If you were paddling upstream because you would prefer not to float down in the nice source inspired way of your own devices, you go, "Oh, I have a good idea. I'm going to come up with an idea that's going to help everybody. We're going to make our own religion and we're going to become happy, peaceful people. We're going to make our own government. We're going to become happy, peaceful people. Here are all the rules. Here are all the rules. You're going to become vegans. You're going to pray five times a day. And then you're also going to only wear these clothes and then you have to cover your heads or uncover your heads and you're going to shave part of your head and then we're going to I don't know just like only have this book and then only these people can read it and we're going to drink only this Welch's grape juice only on this day and not clap. When you start doing that, you make yourself absolutely miserable and then you're getting dragged. You're hanging on to a stick in the stream. You're getting sicknesses because you're making yourself sick, being stressed. You're getting societal problems with a government who's completely out of control, making people miserable because they're not led by source. They're led by their own thoughts. You're making interpersonal families, relationships miserable because they can't even see love. They can't feel love and go, "Does this feel loving like a warm cat?" I say cat because it's my thing. Or a baby. Or does it feel icky? I don't know. because I'm more more um I am more driven to be right. Mhm. And that is just completely a waste of living. And so, and I can go back on this. So, in the very beginning in Genesis when Adam and Eve, and I didn't write a lot of notes on this, so I'm going have to just expound it out of my mouth. Um when Adam and Eve in the beginning ate of the tree of knowledge, right? It was they ate of the tree of knowledge because before that they were in the flow. Mhm. And then they decided to start having knowledge. It doesn't mean just thoughts, but it does mean taking their own thoughts and making words and labeling stuff. And that was the problem is that they they got carried away with trying to discern things of their own and stop being in the flow. They got separate of the flow. They turned their backs on it and they became um wandering around in the dark and they were miserable. The story of humanity and how this happened in the Bible. So out of harmony. Yeah. So I like the space between heaven and earth is like bellows empty but never exhausted. The more it is worked the more issues forth from it. So the it just it goes from vessel to vessel. It goes from entity to entity. It goes from container to container. That's how the all the energy is just here. It just moves around and we get all worried and in a tizzy about where the energy is and who's in control of it and who's good and bad. And then in mine it says many words are soon spent. I think it's so important that Laoo wrote words in here because words we've talked about this so much. I think words are a trap uh for ideas or little cages of ideas. And Louser knew when he wrote this book down that it could be taken dogmatically. But I think the reason why it's written in what the most passive language I have ever seen a inspirational text written in is because he knew that. I said if I was going to be like an inspirational writer, it was going to be like the most passive thing ever. I'd be like you could you could accept this or you could not and it's not my word or maybe it's not. All these caveats that's like lazu or just burn it or not. Yeah. Let me re and I'm not gonna I'm just about my um when I looked up about the bellows because that but I get it now. I'm gonna have to put a picture of that next to you. And um so some of the stuff that uh I read said all things this chapter in emphasized no preferences and that all things have equal value and that includes living things or not living things. I'm looking outside trees but have equal value. This the sage the sage that means the wise person. somebody that's lived a while doesn't intervene unnecessarily in the in the world or try to impose control. No. So the sage doesn't try to impose control. Boy, that's very counter of a lot around us and not just I'm not just but anyway allows things to unfold naturally with balance and harmony bellows. And so then when I this little passage that I read uh talked about you know that there's always energy like you know you said always energy always it's always but then some things are potential energy just stored up you know waiting to for when it it's going to cause movement which is kinetic energy. That's me and thinking about it went down that last time. Yeah. But it's all but it's energy. Even if you don't recognize it, even if you don't feel it, even if you don't see the effects of it, it is there. That was my point of saying that and the patterns patterned. And so then uh mentioned about the space between heaven and earth, not literally. Yeah. But that's what he could see. La saw that and he said, "Hey, he hadn't been to space yet." I mean, he wasn't ignorant, but I just mean he hasn't been beyond heaven and earth. Yeah. So trying to to make an allegory heaven and and earth and and then the sense of it that I got when I read it. Then heaven like he was thinking of the more spiritual maybe universe the source of everything. And then earth is here, you know, the the um the um gosh the physical or the um carnal or whatever. And that um that was the uh energy is all through that. And that towel is a force which is you know potential energy, kinetic energy, push, pull, whatever. towel is is a force that even if you can't see it, even if you can't feel it, it's there meaning the way so balanced and interconnected all the time. You think of the actual yin-yang symbol itself, you know, when I had to go to green culture camp, we talked about that specifically and the flag culture, but it influenced me as a young age to go, wait a minute, the world that's different in the Yeah. Anyway, that was different for me world view. And then I was just thinking though um hermetics um as within so without as above so below that's the same thing. Um on the microcosm level influences the macrocosm. Macrocosm influences the microcosm. We know that even you know energetically and cellularly um in our bodies even you know um yeah I don't explain that any better than what I just said but we are not um separate from the energy around us. Yeah that's glad you said that separate from it and we're not separate from it. we um he has have the potential to influence it and it influence us. If there's hopefulness in some of this that we're talking about and one of the reasons why we wanted to do this together is uh to be able to have something positive to hang on to because of all these external things that try to tell us no. Something positive to hold on to because that is that's it. And thankfully at the very last verse that Lauzu wrote was that lest we forget he says you know you do all this the more you work that the more issues forth from it the more you're messing around with this energy and worrying about it and stuff many words are soon spent you know you talk about it a lot and so I was going to say the verse you know in the Bible it says let your yeses be yes and your no be no just kind of you know be still and I am God just kind of forget about all this um worry part over it. I think it's okay to talk about it. I think it's okay to write about it, but the worry part is the problem. And so um he says, "Hold fast to the center." What does that mean? And so you were holding on to something. You're holding on something. You were telling me that. But it's hold fast to the center. Like so biblically in Luke, we say, you know, the kingdom of God is within, right? Neither shall they say look here or look there. For indeed the kingdom of God is within you. And so Dowoism teaches it's in the present now. Not here or there. It's within. Okay. And the the this teacher Jesus taught that and it was recorded in Luke. And so it's not the past, it's not the future, it's now. Um so do not worry. Now is the time of salvation. That's the key to everything. And you know that here that is that's one of those. But you know that little verse or verses wasn't cherrypicked much wasn't emphasized much that you just read about. Um now is the center you know and not it's not here and it's not there. I don't even remember it was that part at all actually. No that's what I mean. It wasn't picked a whole bunch and that the kingdom is wi is within you, you know. Yeah. And and you know, those are very positive words and encouraging words. Would have been very encouraging. It would have been very if somebody had decided to give a a 10-minute talk about that, that would have been great. And so, we're doing it now. But we're doing it now. Where is my I don't have attitude. You know, one one verse I hung on to in my youth and adulthood in the Bible that gave a little glimpse of that piece, but I didn't understand how to create it from that verse was um I know it's in here. I just can't I don't have it. But, you know, take no thought. Take no thought for Hold on. I'm going to what you shall wear, what you shall eat. I know I have it memorized. just want to be correct because I know that some of the people that might be listening to us are the type of people who need to have those specifics. Okay, I understand that. Like when we're done done doing this recording part, I want to write down those uh where those verses are to written them down a lot in my life. And you have I know I have too, but I want to write them in this and I knew this. You know what? I just literally visually in my head I knew it was Matthew 6, but I was just doubting myself because I was like, I don't know. I don't want to thumb through this whole Bible. Matthew 6:25. Therefore, I say unto you, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body, what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat in the body than raignment? You don't worry about it because you're in the present. So in this present moment, what is going on? You we talk about mindfulness and grounding. In this present moment, while we talking to each other, life's fine. I My children are in school. I don't know what's going on there, but I can imagine they're fine. My baby's in daycare. I don't know what's going on there, but I imagine she's fine. My husband's at work. I don't know what's going on with him at work or on his way to or from work in his car and be pulled over or not. Or I don't know. Could that worry me to death right now in our political climate? Yes, it could. But do I choose to think that right now I'm fine? Yeah. And that influences me on a cellular level, on a cortisol level. It's absolutely true. And then the other one, which I am not even going to try to figure out where it is because I'm I don't trust myself right now. Luke 12. I knew that was Luke 2. Consider the liies of the field. Yes. How they grow. I have a version here that is different than mine, but anyway, it says, "Consider the liies of the field. How they grow, they toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon and all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. Meaning [Music] um you're not forgotten. You're not alone. Let go of the worry. There is a rhythm and you were held within it. So yeah, hold fast to the center. There's a rhythm and you are within it. Yeah. Even those little birdies too. That's the other part, right? birds of air, the hairs on your head. There's so many verses that Jesus shared with his followers that say, "You're part of this flow. You're important. We're all important and it's in balance. So stop worrying about it because you're going to make yourself physically sick and miserable. The only hope you have of peace is to hold fast to the center. That's the key. And you can go walk a labyrinth a lot of times to do it. You can go meditate and meditate your heart out. Maybe you can go in some kind of a trance. Or maybe you can just keep saying to source that I want to know more. That's it. That's the key to heaven. And once you ask, you're on that journey. That's it. You don't have to worry about the journey. You don't have to find a guru. You don't have to find a book. You don't have to do anything. You will receive because you asked. But it may not be in the way that you think. And you Yeah. Wasn't that beautiful? I think it's so peaceful. I think that this chapter five was really peaceful. I needed it this week. Me, too. I love that it says, "Dowists are not kind." I'm going to memorize that because it's not about kindness. And I have to say, too, Dowists are not a religion. Maybe it is. I'm not using it as a religion. I don't think Laoo meant it that way either. Dowists are just people who follow the flow of life, the flow of the energy of source, follow God's followers. I would say that Jesus was a dowist and don't get upset people out there language linguistic meaning right meaning on the way and he said he was the way. It's the same thing we're talking about the way the truth and the life. Yeah. Yeah. And we even the word Christianity on its own has been uh changed so many times because of languages. So we can't get hung up on words fail us because words change. Language changes. We try to go back to the original languages but even that even that words change over time period. Even with us people get so upset about words and identities and you know Yeah. So I've been blessed to think about words. How many minutes do we have left? Minutes. One minute. Oh, here. I'm going to read the title of if it's okay. Chapter six. Oh, yeah. Good idea. I see. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yay. I'm excited. Okay, here we go. Mine Mine says the mother of all. And now we have female on here somehow. As for valley symbolism. Oh, well that might have something to do with feminine. Yeah, the valley spirit. I can read mine cuz this is super short. The valley spirit never dies. The mystic feminine, the gate of the mystic feminine, the root of heaven and earth like a soft silken fiber can be used without end. Well, I'll tell you what, that was not in my upbringing. So, well, this will be another fun one. It will be. It'll be another fun one. Thank you for joining me here today. Thank you everybody else. We got another subscriber. I am so inspired. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you everyone. Yeah. So remember life's not a journey. It is a journey. Whoopsy daisy. What is it? 40 and slip. Wait. Contemplate. What have we been saying this whole time? Yeah. Life is a journey. Life is a journey, but not a checklist. Definitely not a checklist. Um is checklist of happy things. So breathe deep, laugh loud, and trust the ride. Okay. Thanks, Megan. Good. Okay. Bye. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cxyote [1 likes]: 👍👍👍
  2. @SacredSoulMornings: This chapter is one of the most misunderstood—and one of the most freeing. Letting go of control doesn’t mean giving up… it means trusting that love and balance don’t always look like intervention.

We’d love to hear from you:
What does letting go of control look like in your own life?

- Embracing Non Attachment Taoism for Modern Life: Kind: captions Language: en the Journey of a Thousand Miles begins with one step Lau in the fast-paced everchanging landscape of Modern Life the wisdom of ancient philosophies can offer profound insights into achieving inner peace and resilience one such philosophy is taism which emphasizes the principles of non-attachment and living in harmony with the natural flow of life this essay explores how embracing these toist ideals can help individuals navigate the complexities of contemporary existence fostering a sense of Tranquility amid chaos at its core non-attachment refers to the ability to engage with life's experiences without clinging to them or being overly affected by their outcomes this concept is not about indifference or apathy rather it encourages a healthy relationship with our desires emotions and Expectations by practicing non-attachment we cultivate mental freedom and resilience allowing us to adapt to Life's inevitable changes without suffering in taoism this principle aligns with the idea of woo way or effortless action woo way encourages individuals to flow with the natural rhythms of life rather than resist them when we let go of rigid expectations and attachments we become more attuned to the present moment enabling us to respond to challenges with Grace and Clarity the benefits of non-attachment reduced Stress and Anxiety one of the most significant benefits of practicing non-attachment is a marked reduction in Stress and Anxiety levels when we cling tightly to specific outcomes or desires s we set ourselves up for disappointment when things do not go as planned this fixation can lead to a cycle of worry and frustration that detracts from our overall well-being by adopting a non-attached mindset we learn to accept whatever comes our way this acceptance does not imply resignation instead it Fosters a sense of calmness and control over our emotional responses as we become less reactive to external circumstances we cultivate resilience against life's ups and downs enhan emotional stability non-attachment allows us to experience emotions without being overwhelmed by them instead of becoming in mesed in feelings of anger sadness or joy we can observe these emotions as passing phenomena this perspective enables us to respond thoughtfully rather than react impulsively for instance when faced with criticism or failure a non-attached individual can recognize their feelings without letting them dictate their selfworth this emotional stability empowers us to learn from experiences without being defined by them greater personal growth by practicing non-attachment we open ourselves up to personal growth and transformation when we release our grip on fixed identities or self-concepts we create space for new experiences and insights non-attachment encourages us to embrace change as a natural part of life rather than something to be feared this principle is beautifully Illustrated in the teachings of Lau when you realize there is nothing lacking the whole world belongs to you You by letting go of the need for external validation or material possessions we discover a deeper sense of fulfillment that comes from within practical steps to cultivate non-attachment practice mindfulness mindfulness is a powerful tool for cultivating non-attachment by focusing on the present moment and observing our thoughts and feelings without judgment we can develop a greater awareness of our habitual patterns of attachment mindfulness practices such as meditation and deep breathing can help us create space between our our experiences and our reactions Embrace impermanence understanding that everything in life is transient can help Foster nonattachment by recognizing that both Joy and sorrow are temporary States we can appreciate experiences without clinging to them reflecting on the impermanence of Life encourages us to savor moments as they come rather than fearing their eventual end reframe your goals while it is essential to have goals and aspirations practicing non-attachment involves reframing how we approach these objectives instead of fixating on specific outcomes focus on the process itself for example if your goal is to achieve a promotion at work shift your attention toward developing your skills and enjoying your work rather than obsessing over the title or salary increase cultivate gratitude gratitude is an antidote to attachment by regularly acknowledging what you appreciate in your life whether it's relationships experiences or Simple Pleasures you can shift your focus from what you lack to what you have this practice Fosters contentment and reduces the desire for more let go of control recognize that many aspects of Life are beyond your control practice surrendering your need for certainty by accepting uncertainty as part of the human experience when you let go of the illusion that you can control every outcome you free yourself from unnecessary Stress and Anxiety taism in action real life applications the principles of taism and non-attachment are not merely theoretical they have practical applications in everyday life in relationships embracing non-attachment allows for healthier relationships where love is given freely without expectations or conditions this perspective Fosters deeper connections based on mutual respect rather than fear of loss in work adopting a non-attached approach in professional settings enables individuals to pursue their passions without becoming overly fixated on promotions or accolades this mindset encourages creativity and Innovation while reducing burnout in personal challenges life's challenges such as illness or loss can be profoundly difficult but also serve as opportunities for growth when approached with non-attachment accepting these experiences as part of life's e and flow allows individuals to navigate adversity with Grace as we navigate the complexities of Modern Life filled with distractions expectations and uncertainties the teachings of taism offer invaluable guidance on achieving inner peace through non-attachment by letting go of rigid expect ations and embracing life's natural flow we cultivate resilience and emotional stability that Empower us to face challenges head-on incorporating these principles into daily life requires practice and patience But ultimately leads to profound personal transformation as Lau wisely stated knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom by understanding ourselves better through the lens of non-attachment we unlock the potential for deeper fulfillment in all areas of life begin your journey toward embracing attachment today by incorporating mindfulness practices into your routine or reflecting on areas where you might be holding on to rigid expectations share your experiences with others who may benefit from this transformative perspective together let's cultivate a community grounded in peace and resilience

- TAOISM | The Philosophy Of Flow: Kind: captions Language: en That which offers no resistance, overcomes the hardest substances. That which offers no resistance can enter where there is no space. Few in the world can comprehend the teaching without words, or understand the value of non-action. Lao Tzu There’s no proof that he truly ever lived, but if he did, it should have been somewhere around the 5th and 6th century B.C, which makes him a contemporary of Confucius. Nevertheless, the Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu wrote a masterpiece called the Tao Te Ching, which is the main work of Taoism. A well-known concept that has emerged from Taoist philosophy is wu wei, that can be translated as “non-action”, “effortless action”, or the paradoxical “action of non-action”. In a practical sense, we can describe wu wei as the state of flow, often referred to as the ‘the zone’ by athletes. When athletes are in the zone, they engage in action without striving, and move through time and space almost effortlessly. There are no extremes, no worries, no ruminations; everything seems to flow in a natural course. As an introduction to the beautiful tradition of Taoism, I’d like to present you, the... ..Philosophy of Flow. The Tao Te Ching is a mysterious piece of art. Not only there’s no consensus when exactly it was written, but the existence of its author remains disputed. Nevertheless, one thing is certain: the profundity of this work has left its mark on humanity to this day. Not to mention that the Tao Te Ching is the most translated work in world literature after the Bible. The essence of Taoist philosophy is living in harmony with the Tao, also called the Way. So, what is the Tao? That’s a question we can’t really answer, and it’s futile to try. Our understanding of the Tao only goes as far as the limitations of our perception. What the Tao really is and what it looks, feels, smells or sounds like remains a mystery. Moreover, the Tao that we speak of isn’t the real Tao, according to Lao Tzu. Hence, the famous opening of the Tao Te Ching goes like this: The tao that can be described is not the eternal Tao. The name that can be spoken is not the eternal Name. End quote. So, what knowledge is available about the Tao? Well, the Taoist philosophers emphasize over and over again that the true Tao is an all-encompassing force that is beyond our comprehension and cannot be perceived by the senses. And even though we can never grasp the true Tao, the goal is to live in agreement with it, which is strikingly similar to the Stoic approach to nature. So, how do we live in harmony with the Way? Taoist literature doesn’t really give one practical method to achieve this. However, we can find many clues that point to achieving stillness of mind, curbing the senses, being humble, and the cessation of striving, in order to open ourselves up to the workings of the universe. This stillness of mind doesn’t necessarily mean that we sit down somewhere with our eyes closed. The Taoists observe that stillness of mind can be combined with action, and if we are completely in the present moment, our actions will go effortlessly, without friction and accompanied by a razor sharp focus. So much so, that it’s almost ecstatic. In his biography, retired professional basketball player Bill Russell writes: “It was almost as if we were playing in slow motion. During those spells I could almost sense how the next play would develop and where the next shot would be taken.” The Taoist work Zhuangzi contains a story about a cook named Ting who engages in his work while in a state of flow. This grasped the attention of Lord When-Hui, who was amazed about how elegantly the cook cut up oxen. When he commented him on his skill, Cook Ting laid down his knife and replied: “What I care about is the Way, which goes beyond skill. When I first began cutting up oxen, all I could see was the ox itself. After three years I no longer saw the whole ox. And now, now I go at it by spirit and don’t look with my eyes. Perception and understanding have come to a stop and spirit moves where it wants. I go along with the natural makeup, strike in the big hollows, guide the knife through the big openings, and following things as they are. So I never touch the smallest ligament or tendon, much less a main joint.” An essential part of this story is the condition of the knife that the cook uses. He stated that good cooks change their knives every year because they cut and mediocre cooks change their knives every month because they hack. Cook Ting however, was using the same knife for nineteen years, because he used it with skill and subtlety. This story connects to another essential teaching of Taoism which is the power of gentleness. By forcing and striving, we might get the job done, but at the same time we spend much more energy than necessary and possibly suffer from collateral damage. On the other hand: someone in a state of flow approaches a task intelligently, knowing when to act and when not to, and finds a balance between action and non-action. It’s a matter of not too hot, not too cold. It’s the golden path between anxiety and boredom. The idea behind non-action goes against the Western ideal of forcing and working harder and harder to get results. We are encouraged to be ambitious, to take control and to strive. Meanwhile many people suffer from depression, anxiety disorders and sleep disorders. Are we burning ourselves out? We look down on passivity, and often mistake it for laziness. But these are different things. When we look at nature, ‘doing nothing’ makes way more sense than we tend to think. Results do not equal the amount of energy we spend. Results are the consequence of a series of actions. The funny thing about this, is that many of these actions come naturally and a task doesn’t need more human intervention than necessary to steer it into the right direction. Isn’t it so that many problems solve themselves? Taoism compares life to a river. The river already has a course or several courses, and once we find ourselves in that river, we can swim against the current, we can hold on to a branch or we can let go and go along with the stream. Most of our lives, we swim against the current and we don’t even realize it. Our mind believes that it can and should control the environment, in order to survive, which is kind of egocentric because the vast majority of processes within as well as outside ourselves are not in our control. I mean, let’s face it: we don’t control our bodily processes like digestion, blood flow or the healing of wounds. We don’t control other people, we don’t control the future. We don’t even control who we fall in love with and what people we find attractive. Everything outside our own faculties just goes into some direction. Sometimes forced by intelligence, but mostly in a natural course. When we flow along with the current, we align ourselves with this natural course. This is the path of least resistance; it gives nature a chance to unfold, without us resisting it. So, the Taoist way is rather navigating through the river instead of trying to control it; something that will never work. Another aspect of the river that characterizes Taoism, is the water itself. The characteristics of water are softness and humility that basically symbolize Taoist virtue. Here’s a quote from the Tao Te Ching: The supreme good is like water, which benefits all of creation without trying to compete with it. It gathers in unpopular places. Thus it is like the Tao. Water may be soft, but it overcomes hardness which we can see in the erosion of rock. And water not only seeks the lower places; it also has no purpose, no goal, no specific desire. Yet, it nourishes everything that it passes. It’s an incredible life force, that literally does God’s work, but without any ambition. Water is the softest and most yielding substance. Yet nothing is better than water, for overcoming the hard and rigid, because nothing can compete with it. If you’ve ever experienced a state of flow, there’s one thing that disappears and only comes back when the thinking mind takes back control. This is the focus on results, rather than the task at hand. This reminds me of the Stoic concept of ‘amor fati’, which recommends one to embrace the outcome, whatever it may be, and instead of worrying about the future, focusing on what’s in the present. No matter if you’re completely immersed in sports, writing, a video game or dancing; when you’re in a state of flow, you forget the results, the pressure, the anxieties about the future, the failings of the past. It’s just you and the task at hand. You are completely in the present. And the only way to do this, is by letting go. Letting go means stop swimming against the current, stop holding on to some branches. It means letting go of the past, letting go of the future, focus on this moment entirely, and just live it, without hesitation. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Einzelgänger [322 likes]: There's more about Taoism!
The Art of Doing without Doing: https://youtu.be/IGmeL5AdrTk
The Art of Not Trying: https://youtu.be/tLAZvESoVgI
The Power of Letting Go: https://youtu.be/B-F319b5SuQ
  2. @RichardGordon-g4b: Be present,in the present.
Thank you
  3. @Filosofíaysicologíadelabismo: i liked the video
  4. @ShiyrChadash-x2o: We are the living animating principle of the body. When we leave, the body ceases to function as a body, while we live on.

The Rhythm (Tao) of Life is a movement and a rest. The Optimum (Heaven) is always found somewhere between the extremes of too much and too little (Hell - two thieves).

Pleasantness is the Rose found at the Heart of the Optimum. Just so.

The 'Jesus on the Cross' story 'nailed' it (Truth) for all time; the Optimum (Heaven) between the extremes (Hell), is the Way, the Truth and the Life. (John 14:6)

'Now' is the experience of our Eternal presence - that is why the time of day is always Now.
🎉
  5. @TheAbundantMonk: The western mind wants to turn wu wei into a productivity hack and completely misses the point. It's not about doing less. It's about alignment. When your actions come from your nature rather than your anxiety, the effort disappears. Took me years to stop intellectualizing it and actually feel it. Good video.
  6. @Neurostoic-Us: Wu wei is such a powerful concept.
  7. @mannequin69: The part about comfort downregulating your stress response is exactly what I explored in my latest video
  8. @shivapatel0301: Oh man I can't thankyou enough!
  9. @traceysheneman8652: Humans are capable of believing and acting on erroneous information, and/or lack of information, with a high degree of confidence that one's action will accomplish a desired end. Nature has a way of wringing positive benefits from human ignorance. The Dao is the deepest of mysteries. Within us, unrecognized, unacknowledged, but capable of amazing feats.
  10. @TrungQuânHoàng-c4h: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  11. @MartinCreton-u2q: As a teenager, I experienced the ‘flow state’. Years later, this video finally helped me understand that sensation. I am glad I discovered it before it became a worldwide meme.
  12. @RandomNumber-t9h: Has any of you experienced the zone i dpubyt it scrubs
  13. @BrendaBrenda-b4b: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  14. @celadonhour: 道生一、一生二、二生三、三生萬物⋯THE END
  15. @LawalNurudeen-lr7ue: "These are the smartest comments I have ever seen"
- Sun Tzu
  16. @AccountrepreneurSales: It reminds me of sales 🎉
  17. @anotherlain: best video ever?????????
  18. @ShadowChessMaster: tao.. hmm interesting but still abstract
  19. @dieulinhnguyen8536: This video on Taoism and the philosophy of flow is absolutely phenomenal! 🌊 It beautifully explains the profound concept of Wu Wei with such clarity and elegance. ✨ The comparison of effortless action to the nature of water is deeply inspiring and truly transformative. 💧 It gently reminds us to stop forcing life and start living within the present moment. 🧘‍♂ The calm narration and beautiful storytelling make it a masterpiece for anyone seeking inner peace. 🌿 Highly recommended for your own mindful spiritual journey! ✨
  20. @ellenw1587: Water.

- Wu Wei: The Taoist Secret That Changed My Life: Kind: captions Language: en the Taoist philosophers taught that effortless living was available to all of us a state of being they called Wu way how's your way Journey going the difficult bit about the philosophy of flow is actually applying it I've been on my way Journey for six years now and today I'd like to share with you four specific ideas to help you on your journey and yeah we'll get into why that last sentence was a paradox and later on I want to share what I'm still finding Difficult about my way Journey let's do this it's developed a lot of their philosophy through observing nature they saw the strength of the trees and listen to the beauty of the bird song they saw that there wasn't anyone building the trees or telling the birds What notes to sing nature or the word they used the Dao didn't do anything and yet nothing was left undone woo way translates as non-action and it's one of the defining qualities of nature all this amazing stuff done without any forcing other definitions we could use non-forcing effortless Effectiveness natural spontaneity if you want to get deeper into wu-way as a concept I've linked some of enselganger's videos in the description he's an awesome Creator here on YouTube wu-way offers a very different way of living Our Lives to the ways that Society recommends for us Society tells us you've got to work hard and work fast in order to be successful and valuable and this leads us to putting a lot of force into our lives often where that's not actually necessary means that we get in our own way and it leads to attention and strain and if nature can make amazing things like this and this all without words and planning and worrying surely we can do it too so how can we weigh if you imagine that bank is effortless living wu-way and we're still here in effortland how do we get over there and surely if we want to get over there we can't use effort and forcing and trying to do things reading books and listening to podcasts who else that will be putting effort in and will never arrive and so there's a paradox at the root of wu-way which is fine we can hold it life is full of paradoxes and we can hold both the reality that we need to put practice into becoming more effortless trying different things reading books Etc but also can we hold at the same time that to really become wewei we need to completely let go of all intentions of trying to be someone doing anything and instead just to relax into living Our Lives maybe in a bit I'll pluck up the courage to effortlessly fly over there but first we need to explore some ideas so here are four ideas for me to help us become more woo way idea number one is remember you have an immense intuitive intelligence in the same way that nature can do a lot of amazing things without thinking that's the same for you as well like if you're cooking your evening meal with a friend over you're not verbalizing in your mind chopped carrot boiled broccoli instead you're effortlessly cooking while talking to your friend and actually with training we can navigate a lot of our lives through this intuitive intelligence and so instead of having to think and plan and worry we can just remember that it's an option okay a mantra you can repeat yourself is I give myself permission to act from the present or I'm going to see what my intuitive intelligence can help me navigate about this and actually with training we can allow ourselves to use our intuitive intelligence for a lot of our lives for me starting my journey I didn't even know that I had an intuitive intelligence really I was disembodied in the words of Ken Robinson for most people in the west they see their bodies simply as a vehicle to move the brain between meetings for me it was Tai Chi and meditation and any sort of sport really that helped me re-embody and to reconnect with my intuitive intelligence and so the start of our journey of remembering that this intuitive more effortless way of being is available for us is to really spend more time in that intuitive intelligence so is there a sport that you enjoy can you recommit to a movement practice where you can hang out in the Here and Now and your Sensations and begin to develop trust in the intelligence of your body how do you actually remember that's an option though because that is the difficult thing to remember when we're in a stressful situation that actually acting from the present is available and this is meditation is this core practice at the heart of Taoist cultivation which is to train our Consciousness and our awareness to be here instead of having to only be thinking in thoughts thoughts are great and effort is great where appropriate but often we're so compulsively thinking we don't have the freedom to choose our responses and so can you start or recommit to a meditation practice or more generally spending more time in your intuitive intelligence so sports or Tai Chi or walking in nature without any purpose you can train yourself to not always be caught and thought so remember your intuitive intelligence as an option and practice emptiness every day but still that won't be enough because actually a lot of the anxiety and stress that we have that takes us out of wu-ways because we don't trust ourselves to navigate the challenges of life from the present like for me when I got anxious and confused after University instead of trusting myself to just take one day at a time I said to myself I have to have my whole life sorted out and so I brought all of my life into my thinking and I beat myself up if I didn't feel I had everything sorted out so if we don't trust ourselves to be spontaneous and flexible how do we develop that trust well we could take quite a deep and philosophical approach to that question chapter four of the Dao de Jing says within the Dao type knots become loose sharp edges become smooth so when we are in connection with our nature we realize that this immense intuitive power is available to us that power that produced everything in the universe that we are a part of and are a manifestation of so through self-reflection and exploring philosophy and thinking about where you come from you learn that Yes actually I'm more resilient than I would normally give myself credit for can we trust the intelligence of the life force that animates us again this life force that has created so much without thinking and planning so can we trust that and so trust ourselves and so something you could try for your next meditation is to read that chapter and to just sit with it not needing to intellectualize it but see what insights and thoughts might come up for you [Music] so that's quite a philosophical way of building trust in ourselves another way of building trust is through taking action which is ironic for wu-way but if we practice these principles of wu-way and we find through our own experience that hey actually when I release tension release thinking that I actually can be effective then that becomes a option for us that we actually trust we trust that we can handle the challenges without always being caught and thought and so action builds identity and our identity being a flexible wu-way practitioner one that knows how to take effort when necessary and also knows when they can just flow and this brings us back to the river we now have these ideas of remembering our intuitive intelligence practicing emptiness every day so we actually do remember and then thirdly trusting our intuitive intelligence that we can navigate life with effortless ease and still be effective and do all the stuff we need to do so can I actually cross this and I've set this River up as a metaphor with wu-way being over there but also this is actually a practice that I do when I'm out of Nature's jumping across stuff because talking about action building identities that when we challenge ourselves to stay present and actually do things then it exercises that strength of staying present so jumping over here normally I will have thoughts of oh my God I can't do it and I'm scared but actually I trust that I can physically get across so now I just need to let go of the fear or fear the fear anyway and just just go for it so it's been nice knowing you this is actually quite fast so how am I gonna make it whoa [Laughter] oh there we go I made it how does it feel being in wu-way lands yeah feels feels the same I was thinking I definitely could have not made that and got all wet and it is important when we don't live up to our standards when we fall over how do we treat ourselves and this is something that I'm still working on I have a a task master within me work harder George there's not enough time you know so the activists in me as well but this harshness is a waste of energy and so equality I'm trying to cultivate is softness can I bring softness to still have energy for Change and action but doing so in a soft and kind way that's too cheesy can you be soft and playful with yourself while still having energy for life can you laugh at yourself find such Freedom there to break out of a cold rationality where we take ourselves so seriously find more joy and ease and Flow so there you go some tools in the wu-way tool kit for you and also remembering to let go of any need for tools or trying to do anything and just to relax as well and that's a paradox you've got to work out love to hear in the comments down below your ideas for helping you find flow and I've made a playlist with some ideas and practices from me as well as other creators to help you on your journey flow well my friend

  Top Comments:
  1. @siddharthnayak2361 [2 likes]: 💛❤️Taoism is simple and great💛❤️
  2. @remco439 [1 likes]: To get a better grip on the concept of Wu Wei I sometimes ask AI how to react in a Wu Wei-way, given a very specific dialy situation...
  3. @TheBonsaiGarden: And if you hadn’t successfully made the jump you could have simply gone with the flow… 😊🙏😂
  4. @符秦FùQín-s2p: wu wei means going along with the flow . like judo, using your brain and effortless working smarter not harder. and stay balanced between order and chaos.
  5. @TheAbundantMonk: Personal testimony matters more than doctrine with Taoism. You can explain wu wei for hours and it lands intellectually, but it takes a specific lived moment — usually when you stop fighting something — for it to actually become real. The fact that this video comes from that place makes it land differently.
  6. @GraemeHaynes-oj4xs: If we are nature, just walk through the stream, as wildlife would do. Embrace the water, and feel it.
  7. @JohnM2007-1: Walk through the bank through the stream through the bank.
  8. @huynh4880: I’ve been raised a daoist but because of translation issues haven’t been able to understand it fully even after encountering life spirits. I would like to learn more about wu wei and follow its teachings and rituals. Can you help?
  9. @Chrisholmes1976: Alexa taught me this last night and now I want to go on that path
  10. @captainfach: I think the biggest thing I'm still working on is not being too hard on myself. At the stage of my life where I am right now it's very hectic very busy very unfair some would say, and so I'm always hard on myself I'm always bringing myself down just thinking about the things that I have to do thinking about the time that I have to do them in and if I don't get them done just reprimanding myself for not getting them done because now I have more things to do tomorrow. It's hard to not think like that because these are often thoughts that are true if I do not do it today I have more things that I need to do tomorrow even though I already have a million things that I have to do tomorrow so it's hard not to think about how much more difficult tomorrow is going to be after not succeeding today
  11. @JayLamb-d9p: Inaction☯️InAction
  12. @SpicyMcHaggis: Please! Let's see the out takes! 😉🫶
  13. @Apfel144: thank you for this explanation! I had never heard of Wu Wei before but today I learned that this is my favorite state of being which I naturally fall into regularly. Now I can appreciate it more having the mental structure to describe it and realize when it is happening. I thought I was just a playful yet responsible and mature adult enjoying life :) maybe that's the shirt explanation of Wu Wei. Thank you George!
  14. @revkallisto: Effortless living is simple. Do what you want. Don't chase. Be honest. #Tao
  15. @loxygirl6971: Thanks so much George 🙏🏽. Great video. Where are those beautiful mountains? Scotland?? Also, what camera do you use for filming?
  16. @JesusKristKeeshu: Hi! Learning Daoist philosophy for my degree right now (and also exploring different life philosophies) and wow thank you so much for explaining it in such simple words. I know this is from 2 years ago so i hope you're doing well now. Thank you for creating such videos and helping others like me to understand what life can look like if you just shift your lenses a bit <333
  17. @riojanetelan4730: Wu Wei for me is staying and living in the present moment. No other desire except what is in this moment!!!
  18. @crayvun2196: Thank you so much, George, truly.
  19. @norseman1137: I am a 61 yr old ... I plan, I control ...all my anxiety comes from these frustrations.  After so many years of anxiety and anger at things I can't control ... How do I make this change ... I feel it's the last thing I can do worth anything... If anyone has advice I'd love to hear it
  20. @LoveLeigh313: The music is way too loud and distracting

- When You Stop Caring, Life Begin to Flow Naturally | Buddhist Wisdom: Kind: captions Language: en There's a strange kind of freedom that comes the moment you stop trying to control everything you stop clinging to the what ifs and what might go wrong and suddenly life begins to move worry for all its noise is like a cage made of shadows it keeps you stuck in a future that doesn't even exist yet stealing away the calm and strength you already carry within but when you begin to let go when you choose to trust the rhythm of life instead of wrestling with it something powerful happens the current shifts life in its quiet wisdom starts aligning with you not because you forced it but because you finally made space for it to flow in this video I'm going to share 7 timeless Buddhist lessons gentle but powerful teachings that can help you step out of the grip of worry and into the peace that's been quietly waiting for you all along lesson 1 fear is a seed plant it and it grows in Buddhist thought the energy you carry within becomes the world you see outside fear isn't just an emotion it's a lens and the more you look through it the more distorted your reality becomes the irony is this when you fear something deeply you begin to live as though it's already true you unconsciously breathe life into it imagine this you're afraid of losing your job that fear seeps into your actions you hesitate second guess shrink that anxiety it clouds your judgement you may even start to withdraw and without meaning to you drift toward the very outcome you feared the same is true in relationships fear of abandonment can make us cling or doubt and that very tension can push others away it's not fate working against you it's fear working within you Buddhism teaches that the mind is like soil it doesn't judge what you plant whether you sow seeds of fear or seeds of calm the mind will help them grow but you are the gardener you choose what takes root this doesn't mean pretending everything is perfect it means shifting your attention away from fear and toward presence when fear rises pause breathe ask yourself is this thought helping me build peace or feeding panic you are not powerless you are the creator of your inner landscape and when your inner world changes your outer world begins to reflect it let go of fear and watch how life begins to soften open and flow in ways you never expected lesson 2 true strength is found in surrender in today's world we're often told that strength means control control your time control your success control the outcome push harder plan more hold on tighter but Buddhist wisdom offers something radically different and far more freeing it tells us that real strength isn't about gripping tighter it's about letting go not giving up but giving over the illusion that we can shape every moment every person every outcome with our will alone surrender in the Buddhist sense is not weakness it's a sacred release it's the art of doing what you can and then stepping back with trust allowing karma and life's natural flow to unfold picture holding water in your palm the tighter you squeeze the faster it slips away but if your hand is open the water stays that surrender not passive not careless just open it's a quiet confidence that says I've done my part now I trust life to meet me halfway when we stop interfering something beautiful happens our energy returns our mind becomes clear we start noticing opportunities we were too anxious to see before help arrives from places we didn't expect life begins to work with us not against us Buddhism teaches that surrender is not an end it's a beginning it's the start of true freedom and in that freedom you don't lose power you discover it lesson 3 anxiety belongs to tomorrow peace belongs to now Buddhist wisdom reminds us of a simple truth anxiety cannot exist in the present moment it lives in the mind's projections what might happen what could go wrong what we fear is coming but none of that is real it's all a movie playing in the future when you feel anxious notice where your mind is it's racing ahead building stories spinning scenarios dragging you into a world that doesn't yet exist a world of what ifs and maybes and while you're there you miss the only place life truly exists right here this moment this breath is your home and in this space you are okay you are breathing you are grounded you are enough Buddhism calls this practice mindfulness the gentle act of returning to now and every time you return you weaken anxieties grip because in the present there is nothing chasing you no future to fear only this still quiet second where life is unfolding one breath at a time the mind may roar but the present moment whispers and the more you listen the more you realize peace isn't something you find out there it's already within you buried beneath the noise waiting to be remembered lesson 4 the burden of imagined fears so much of what weighs on our minds never even happens Buddhist wisdom offers a quiet powerful reminder our greatest source of anxiety often isn't reality it's imagination we worry stress and lose sleep over scenarios that never unfold we carry fears like invisible stones in our backpack dragging them through each day even though most of them never come to pass why does this happen because the human mind is like a novelist that never stops writing it scripts endless what ifs painting vivid pictures of problems that don't exist yet and maybe never will it warns us of disasters heartbreaks and failures that live only in thought not in the present moment think about it how many times have you braced for a difficult conversation that ended up being fine or feared the worst about a situation that resolved itself peacefully the storm rarely arrives the way we imagined it and often it doesn't come at all this is the trap of worry it distorts scale it brings distant fears so close that we start reacting to illusions as if their truths Buddhism teaches us just because a thought appears doesn't mean it deserves belief the mind can create stories but we don't have to live inside all of them so the next time you catch yourself spiraling into anxiety pause ask yourself gently is this actually happening or is this just a thought often you'll realise you've been fighting shadows not substance freedom begins when we return to this moment not tomorrow not next week but now let the imagined fears dissolve what's real is often far gentler than what we fear and when you stop living in the mind's predictions life starts to feel lighter clearer and much more peaceful lesson 5 control blocks faith here's a truth that's hard to swallow yet deeply freeing you can't hold the steering wheel and still believe the road will carry you Buddhism reminds us that control and faith are like two travellers heading in opposite directions the more tightly you grip control the further you drift from trust and the more deeply you trust the more you must let go trying to micromanage every part of your life is like saying to the universe I don't believe you'll take care of me it's a subtle but powerful form of fear the fear that without your constant supervision everything will fall apart but has that control ever truly brought peace often the more we try to dominate outcomes the more tangled we become in anxiety tension and fatigue control might give the illusion of safety but it's often driven by a quiet panic underneath faith on the other hand isn't passive it's powerful it whispers I've done what I can now I trust the unfolding it allows you to take action without being enslaved by the result it welcomes mystery it believes in timing you can't control and outcomes you may not fully understand yet Buddhist teachings call this the release of attachment you act with intention but you surrender the obsession with how things must turn out like placing a seed into the soil you water it nurture it but you don't yank at it to speed its growth real growth takes trust in unseen roots ask yourself are you holding on so tightly that you've forgotten how to breathe are you trying so hard to force a future that you've stopped believing in life's quiet intelligence letting go isn't giving up it's showing up fully and then allowing life to meet you in its own way that's where faith begins and with it peace Lesson 6 letting go is how you begin to grow worry has a quiet way of shrinking your world it starts subtly a few cautious thoughts a bit of over planning a fear of what might go wrong you tell yourself you're just being careful but over time that carefulness becomes a cage you begin to shrink without noticing you shrink your goals because they feel too uncertain you shrink your voice because you fear judgement you shrink your heart because it's safer not to risk being hurt worry doesn't protect it restricts it's like walk you shift your focus to what's truly yours your thoughts your choices your kindness and release what was never meant to be held so tightly picture this you're in a river the more you try to cup the water in your hands the faster it slips through your fingers but when you relax when you float the river carries you that's the essence of surrender the more you release the grip of fear the more room you make inside yourself for courage for creativity for joy letting go is expansive it's bold it invites you back into the present where life is actually happening not in the what ifs but in the right now ask yourself how much energy do you spend each day worrying about things you can't control and what if you poured that same energy into creating into connecting into trusting when you stop trying to force life into your blueprint and begin to dance with its rhythm something beautiful happens you feel supported by something greater the natural wisdom of existence itself letting go isn't weakness it's bravery it's the strength to stop shrinking and the courage to start living with an open heart take a breath feel the weightlift and remember you don't need to hold it all freedom begins the moment you choose to let go Lesson 7 life begins to flow when you step aside one of the most powerful yet often overlooked truths in Buddhist teaching is this life functions best when we stop trying to control every inch of it the more we meddle the more resistance we create the more we grip the more chaos we invite but when we learn to step back not out of neglect but from a place of trust something extraordinary begins to happen life starts moving on its own with a rhythm far wiser than our plans yet this idea can be deeply unsettling we've been taught from a young age that control equals safety that without constant effort correction and micromanagement everything will collapse so we interfere we overanalyze conversations anticipate problems that haven't arisen chase outcomes that haven't matured and inject ourselves into every detail believing that if we don't we'll fall behind or fail entirely but that relentless interference creates more friction than flow it drains our energy models our clarity and leaves us burnt out from trying to manage what was never ours to manage in the first place Buddhism offers a different way a gentler path it teaches that by releasing the need to interfere we make space for life to unfold with its own intelligence just as a stream naturally finds its course through the landscape your life can navigate its way forward if you stop damning it with fear and control think of all the times you've tried to force something into being a relationship a job a decision only to watch it fall apart or backfire then think of those moments when you surrendered took a breath and let things be and how surprisingly well they turned out your worry your control your constant mental grasping they're like rocks you throw into the stream they disturb the current but when you remove the obstacles the water flows smoothly again life does the same interfering doesn't make life safer it makes it harder it turns possibility into pressure and in trying to control everything you often close the door to better outcomes that could have arrived if only you had let them so how do you apply this start with observation notice when you're clinging too tightly when you're obsessively checking your phone for a reply rethinking a decision for the 10th time or pushing someone or something to move faster than it's ready to ask yourself what would happen if I loosened my grip what if I did what's necessary and then let the rest go non interference doesn't mean apathy it means discerning what is truly yours to act upon and surrendering the rest you plant the seed you tend to it but you do not yank on it in hopes it will grow faster growth whether in nature or in your life follows its own timing it cannot be forced without consequence imagine this you hold a fragile butterfly in your hands if you tighten your fingers out of fear it might fly away you'll crush it but if you relax and open your palm it may stay longer or return even if it flies off your goals your relationships your peace of mind they all need room to breathe the more you try to possess them the more they slip through your grasp the more you allow them space the more they begin to flourish naturally and then the shift happens life begins to support you the right people cross your path the right timing reveals itself new solutions emerge without being forced you stop feeling like everything rests on your shoulders and that's when your energy lifts your breath deepens your heart softens you realise that what you feared wouldn't happen without your interference was never meant to be manipulated in the first place fear is usually at the root of our need to interfere fear of failure of loss of not being enough but the deeper truth is that life doesn't demand perfection from you it asks for trust a quiet steady trust in the unfolding of your path you don't need to be the director of every scene sometimes you just need to play your part and let the story reveal itself so pause take a moment to reflect on one area where you've been interfering too much is it a conversation you keep rehearsing in your mind a decision you're forcing because you're afraid to wait a goal you're suffocating with constant worry ask yourself what would it look like to let go here not out of laziness but out of deep trust the moment you release your grip life has space to move it begins to rise to meet you in ways that logic can't explain that's when synchronicities appear that's when Grace enters that's when you feel carried not by your effort but by something bigger than yourself Buddhism reminds us that we're not here to conquer life we're here to live in harmony with it life is not a machine to be controlled but a flow to be felt you can't steal the ocean but you can learn to ride the waves you can't force the tide but you can align with it all the teachings up until now have been preparing you for this deeper knowing what you cling to you trap what you surrender you liberate and what you stop interfering with begins to flourish you don't have to figure everything out you just need to take one step at a time breathe deeply and let go of the illusion that your control is what keeps the world turning let today be the beginning of a new way of being release one worry trust one unknown and allow life to meet you with something better than you could have forced because when you stop pushing you begin to receive when you stop interfering life begins to truly work not against you but with you conclusion life is not a battle to be won it's a rhythm to be danced with and the more you try to control the more you miss the Grace that arises when you trust Buddhism doesn't ask you to abandon your responsibilities or stop caring it invites you to let go of the weight that was never yours to carry it asks you to soften the grip release the fear and allow space for life to unfold in its own mysterious and beautiful way so as you move forward remember you don't need to have everything figured out you don't need to fight the current your power lies not in control but in alignment take a breath trust the timing and know that when you stop interfering you step into a life of clarity peace and deeper purpose if this message resonated with you please give the video a thumbs up it really helps the channel grow subscribe for more insights grounded in Buddhist wisdom and timeless teachings and if you know someone who's been overwhelmed stuck or constantly trying to figure it all out share this with them it might be the reminder they need drop a comment below what's one thing you're ready to stop interfering with I'd love to hear your thoughts until next time breathe deeply trustfully and walk gently with life

  Top Comments:
  1. @HolisticNutritionwithSubhasree [3 likes]: I let go of my broken relationship and wait for the right time to come. I will dance with life until then.
  2. @Moonlight-Temple [2 likes]: May your energy today feel like sunlight through leaves — soft, alive, and ever-changing. No matter what you face, may light find you and remind you that you are not alone on this path. There’s a quiet strength within you, waiting to rise again.
  3. @SonaBilakhia [1 likes]: I want to stop controlling my life and just go with the flow!!
  4. @KEEP.it.REAL20 [1 likes]: Thank you had a hard couple of months listening to theses have helped me❤
  5. @pedroorta872: How do I apply this to tinnitus / songs stuck in your head?
  6. @OfficialBlockyWisdom: Buddhist Wisdom
  7. @curt_2595: Name of background music?
  8. @ThienThongst: Buddhist Teaching
  9. @doradalfsen1025: I trust fully and go in the flow of life
  10. @TheRealElaineYu: The great wisdom of the Buddah. ❤
  11. @AsaTheLender: This video hit home
  12. @PaulGoldman-c3b: ❤ is exactly what I needed to hear and letting go of a divorce and letting go of no longer speaking with my ex, exactly what I needed😮 to continue to do the work of non-grasping of what go over attachments  of letting my life flow
  13. @blackchina222: Okay
  14. @robertjackson7136: Awesome wisdom and a great reminder to  live each day full of faith,courage and confidence
  15. @kokoWin-d3u: Thank you❤
  16. @kokoWin-d3u: Thank you❤
  17. @kokoWin-d3u: Thank you❤
  18. @jrich4517: Is it better to detach from worry and let go or better to embrace fear and benefit from deep thinking, while controlling the anxiety?
  19. @arvindpandit7890: Most wonderful words of advice
  20. @shaneross7428: Perfect advice❤ I'm going to start riding the wave instead of controlling the ocean.

- What's the Difference Between Buddhist Non-Attachment and Mental Detachment?: Kind: captions Language: en working towards non-attachment is the heart of the Buddhist path but it may seem to you it may seem to some of us that working towards non-attachment involves sort of caring less about worldly concerns about being more aloof from the world and that's something this this relation between non-attachment on the one hand and detachment on the other is going to be the subject of today's a video coming right up I'm Doug Smith of the online Dharma Institute that's online Dharma org if you're new to the channel and interested in living wiser and a kinder and a calmer life consider subscribing to the channel and click the bell down below if you want to receive notifications of future videos that I post here on YouTube and if you'd like a deeper dive into the Dharma of early Buddhism check out my courses over on the online Dharma Institute non-attachment is perhaps the the heart of the Buddhist path this is something that bhikkhu bodhi and others have said but what is non-attachment I think it's really important to get a clear idea of what it is that we're aiming towards so that we don't aim in the wrong direction now in what follows in this video I'm going to be following to an extent an essay an online essay by Elizabeth Harris I'll live a leave a quote or I should say a link to that essay in the information box down below if you want to go and read the essay but anyway that's going to be some of the background here and there's some other things as well down there if you're interested in reading more so there are various related concepts and early Buddhism and I'm going to be discussing early Buddhism in particular here in this video there are several related concepts in early Buddhism that are relevant to the idea of non-attachment there isn't really a single word that is easily translates to non-attachment in early Buddhism there are several words that are sort of related now one of these is nakami or renunciation now renunciation is part of what right intention is right intention is the second part of the Eightfold Path and involves we make certain kinds of intentions good intentions for our lives to make our lives better one of those at least traditionally is renunciation and this involves our decision to renounce certain aspects of our lives to to count less let's say on certain aspects than others and now we have to understand this is a middle path right right right intention is a middle path between various options and in particular renunciation is is going to be a middle path between sense indulgence on the one hand that is to say over doing certain things in our senses with our senses and extreme asceticism on the other which also the Buddha was was opposed to because he didn't feel that that really led towards wisdom now we might consider a renunciation to be similar to the contemporary idea of minimalism in our lives some of us may be familiar with the more contemporary modern idea of living a minimal life minimalist lifestyle there have been books and videos about this I did a video about it myself a while back up put a link up here on the screen in case you're interested in what minimalism is all about but minimalism is essentially a kind of renunciation we're announcing those parts of our lives that are less important in other words being wise about paring down our lives to what to what really is important and and spending less of our time worried about possessions and and things that simply clutter up our lives now another aspect that that's similar to non-attachment in the in the broad sense has to do with a seclusion or withdrawal from life and in early Buddhism there are very various aspects to this seclusion or withdrawal at three in particular the first aspect of seclusion or withdrawal involves physical seclusion so we may go on retreat for periods of time that is to say we may seclude ourselves from normal life to go off independently perhaps by ourselves or at least not preserving what's called noble silence which is to say that we're not going to necessarily speak with people around us in in many Buddhist retreat centers you may pass a period of time of days or whatever it might be however long the retreat is without speaking to other people except in particular perhaps important parts like like you may spend time speaking to let's say the person who's leading the retreat in order to have a sort of a conversation or a a dialogue with them about how your practice is going but in general you practice seclusion physical seclusion we can also seclude ourselves by let's say being off in a more rural atmosphere rather than being in the center of a city which is one thing that the buddha seems to have been in favor of because being off in a you know more quiet atmosphere lends itself more to to meditation it lends itself more to contemplation rather than being caught up in the hurly-burly of say social life now another aspect that's related the second aspect of this kind of withdrawal or seclusion is mental withdrawal and this involves up trying to withdraw ourselves from the unskillful or unhealthy kinds of mental states that obsess us in particular these are known as were the most famous ones anyhow as the hindrances there are five hindrances and these are hindrances that make meditation more difficult their attachment or or interest in in pleasures various kinds of sense pleasures they are aspects of ill-will of anger of hatred that comes up in our minds they are involved being tired or sleepy they can involve also having an overactive mind a mind that is always worried or concerned that's always flitting from the future to the past to try to figure out how to undertake ways of solving worries and concerns these are all hindrances to effective meditation and also doubt doubt being the fifth and these are hindrances and so insofar as we practice mental seclusion we're trying to practice ways to get ourselves out of those of those hindrances and other similar kinds of states mental states that are not very healthy for us and the ultimate aim at least of this kind of mental seclusion is to is to get into deep kinds of meditative absorptions which are called the jhanas now the jhanas are a series of absorptive meditative states which are which are pleasant in various respects so that as we as we seclude ourselves from the world and as we spend more and more time in Medan deep meditation we can reach deeper and deeper states which become pleasurable on their own the the third form of seclusion involves what's called seclusion from all basically from all difficult States from all sort of poison states of mind and and that is of course the ultimate goal of the path which is awakening and that may be a kind of seclusion from all that's bad as it were all that's all that's wrong in life that can be a kind of seclusion which is really very far off for all of us but at least it's a kind of seclusion that we can keep in mind now there's another aspect of non-attachment which goes by the word of uragan' in in pali which basically means a fading away of desires a desirelessness a lack of desires and this is the kind of thing that we're sort of aiming towards a lack of desire in particular for rebirth desire al a sort of a drying up of our desire to be reborn in some future life that is part of the aim of practice and indeed in one early soup thoughts it talks about how the practice that allows us to get towards desirelessness is the practice of mindfulness itself which is really quite interesting so by being mindful by being in a state where we are become more and more openly aware of the state of our mind in our body we become more desireless we the desires that we saw that we thought we were so invested in if you like begin to dry up they begin to become less forceful as time goes on because we begin to see that those desires when they're when they're fulfilled within our ordinary life they don't seem to actually be so important that the fulfilling of these desires isn't so important another early Buddhist concept that is related to a non attachment is a noop Adana or non grasping the the sort of that drying up of our grasping for things grant which is a very similar Carly very very closely related Kahn's in early Buddhism to non-attachment if it sort of modern oh I should say English term non-attachment so as we as our grasping dries up we of course become less attached to things we become less invested in things and there are traditionally of four attachments that we have in an ordinary life the first and perhaps most important for many of us is attachment to sense pleasures attachment to objects - beautiful things - - beautiful or fantastic experiences that we have in life we become very attached to our houses to our cars to particular objects that we have that we own to particular pieces of land let's say or particular parts of the world this is in essence an attachment to sense pleasures we can also have an attachment to two views and this is an extremely important one for many of us who are more shall we say intellectual for intellectual people they tend and even those of us who are not so intellectual we can be it very attached to particular viewpoints to particular things that we think are correct and other things that we therefore think are incorrect and we can have such a belief without attachment in other words we can say oh okay it's it's right to do this or wrong to do that or this is a correct view point without being there thereby attached to it because attachment involves a kind of a an emotional welcoming an emotional sort of flutter of the heart when we hear something and just as it might happen with sense pleasures where we welcome these pleasures and relish them and so as a result when they're taken away from us we we become despondent or depressed or angry so - with views we can be so welcoming of a particular view that when somebody comes along who disagrees with us we can be we can become angry we can become very averse to them because we have a different view and this is called attachment to views and it's just as problematic as our attachment to sense pleasures there's also our grasping at what's called a rules and rituals that is to say we may become so invested in a particular set of rituals that we undertake or rules let's say most famously perhaps the the five precepts in in in Buddhism we become so attached to doing those properly that we become sort of holier than thou we we look down on other people we we think of them as part of who we are as a as a solid self and that kind of attachment is equally problematic and pernicious really because we it ends up that we sort of think that the aim of practice the aim of the path is to do certain kinds of rituals to undertake certain kinds of physical practices or or not to undertake certain kinds of physical actions such as killing or stealing and we sort of come to a feeling that that by doing that we are thereby expressing our better our the sense in which were better than other people and that also can be a form of attachment and finally there is we might say is the basic attachment which is attachment to our self an attachment to a permanent self an attachment to a sort of a perfect of perfected self an attachment towards a view of ourself as being a certain way so we may think of ourselves as as being better than others or or perhaps as even being worse than others there's ways of doing these kinds of invidious comparisons that where all of these kind of reify a notion of our self and the the central aim of practice or one central aim of practice is to begin to relax around this this fundamental attachment to ourselves which gets bound up in in our viewpoints and in who we think we are and in in our practices that we may think are better or worse than others and have an earlier video on five ways that we can construct an idea of self which you might find interesting in case you're not really quite grasping how it is that we can that we can attach ourselves to a self well I have again this video talks about five different ways among many others that we can do this that we can do just this now so what I've gone through here are a number of ways a number of concepts in early Buddhism that are related and in in closer or more distant ways to the ideal of non-attachment now now there's a very big ooh Bodhi who was a wonderful translator and and philosopher thinker monastic who talks about early Buddhism translates the texts from early Buddhism he said a while back that the supreme goal of Buddhism is the liberation of mind by non clinging the supreme goal of Buddhism now probably my guess would be that bhante Bodhi says this because of the third noble truth the third noble truth saying that the cessation of suffering of dukkha this existential kind of of suffering or this feeling that life is not quite right and life is not quite adequate that this comes from the cessation of of clinging of a ton ha which is that the the pali word which means thirst or or a craving basically now we can talk about either craving or clinging being the important concept here but they're they're very closely related a bond a Bodhi talks about clinging we can talk about craving but the point is is clear which is that the central goal is to release or relax around this kind of craving and clinging to relax relax or release this kind of attachment that we have to two parts of the world or two views or to ourself so we see that non attachment this this modern term this of English term is is related to various ideas from early Buddhism about renunciation about seclusion or withdrawal about dispassion about non clinging and non craving and non identification of ourselves with other things so it's it's a term that encompasses I think a number of related ideas from early Buddhism from the early practices that are absolutely central to the Buddhist path now here I want to get a little bit to detachment because some people will use the word detachment for what I've just been discussed instead of saying non-attachment they'll say detachment that the supreme goal or some way of understanding the supreme goal of Buddhism is to become detached and I think there is a very deep problem with this term in English because it has certain connotations when we talk about being detached we really at least part of the connotation of that word is that we're kind of aloof that we're separating ourselves off from worldly concerns we're just sort of not caring about the world we're not caring about other people we're keeping ourselves again the word would be aloof from the world and this is not an accurate reflection of early Buddhist belief or practice in particular we can think of early Buddhist practices of the the brahma vihara z' brahma vihara our four practices related practices around fostering and increasing our our sense of kindness towards others our compassion for the world are our sympathetic joy our ability to have joy in the success of others and our equanimity our ability to hold the world without without preferences for certain people over others but to hold everyone in this kind of generalized kindness and compassion and sympathetic joy this is a very fundamental practice in the early tradition and indeed all of Buddhism there are other practices such as as ice as I mentioned earlier the the Five Precepts where we undertake these precepts of not killing of not stealing not lying and so on we undertake these precepts out of compassion for others because we don't want to harm others as much as possible we want to minimize our tendency to harm out of compassion for others there also is a famous Sutra in the in the Deegan II kaya that talks about a wheel turning Monarch that is to say that gives us a picture of what life would be like under a sort of an idealized kind of Buddhist monarch and we have to understand that this is quite a long time ago many millennia in the past so it's not going to be an idea of a government that may necessarily be to our modern standards but nevertheless the idea is that this perfect monarch this perfect ruler is going to be somebody who undertakes to minimize the amount of injustice in their in their state or country where they where they rule that that the idea of injustice being a problem and so if the if the monarch is not undertaking a proper ruling that they are therefore going to be creating more injustice and that's a bad thing so what this implies is that a rulership under a kind of a perfected kind of Buddhist ruler would be one where where injustice azar minimized and I would submit that all of these kind of concepts from early Buddhism or our concepts that are not compatible with an ideal of detachment that somehow if we if we aim towards a kind of perfected state that we're going to be become more and more detached from the world and care less and less about the world that simply isn't compatible with these kinds of practices there's also a very wonderful and and somewhat famous early suta where I believe it's in the veneer actually where the Buddha confronts a number of monks who are in the same hot the monks would stay in a hut together several in the same hut and there's one of the monastics in that Hut one of the monks who is very ill and in fact the Buddha finds this monastic lying in a pool of his own excrement because he is he is so ill and the Buddha confronts the other monastics who are in that hut with him who are cohabiting and asks how it is that they have allowed this to happen and the other monastics are basically detached they're aloof they they say well what we have no he has no interest for us and he's not able to help us we're not able to practice together so we just left him be and the Buddha gets a really quite angry and Stern with them at least Stern saying that basically whoever would attend me whoever of you would attend me if I were in that situation you should also attend the other monastics you should attend this other person so the Buddha undertakes to clean the monastic off to to put him in a much more comfortable position and state um so so as to be an example to say you know this is the way you should behave with your with your brothers and sisters if your brother and sister monastics because there's nobody else around here to be compassionate towards you we we live together in a community community so we must do that for each other and again this is exactly we're an example where the Buddha is in fact against this kind of of aloofness or a detachment from the world in the world in the word detachment also it's said in another suit done the early texts that a Nara hunt that is an awakened person is simply incapable of violating the precepts they're incapable of killing another person or another another being they're incapable of lying or of stealing or committing sexual misconduct they're simply incapable of these things because the the ethical strictures the ethical reasoning the the the wish to be kind and compassionate to others is so ingrained in them that they are simply unable to do otherwise and this again as an example of where detachment is the wrong concept so when we say that the Buddha was interested in or the final goal the ultimate goal of Buddhism as a goal of non-attachment we have to be very careful that non attachment of course it has a far enemy in attachment we don't want that we're trying to get away from attachment but it also has what's called a near enemy and the near enemy this concept it's somewhat close but actually an enemy is the concept of detachment a detachment is also something that we want to get away from and we'll find in the early suit does that the Buddha actually was very I think interested in arguing against detachment and arguing against being aloof in argh in saying in certain situations that people should let's say stand up against harassment that's occurring in front of them they shouldn't simply be aloof that they should stand up and criticize those who were worthy of criticism and also of course praise those who are worthy of praise rather than standing back aloof in some kind of misguided understanding of what it is to be equanimous thinking that that's being a quantum 'san the Buddha's understanding it's not and I actually did an earlier video about just this this point which I have I'll put up a link here on the screen in case you're interested in hearing more about the ways that we should strive to be less aloof so I hope that's been useful I hope we'll catch you on the next one of these videos and meanwhile all of you be well

  Top Comments:
  1. @DougsDharma [5 likes]: Free mini-course at the Online Dharma Institute: onlinedharma.org!
  2. @A.Dajlida [3 likes]: Wow, these topical workshops are so instructive, got me hooked... I watch them instead of TV now :)
P.S.: is attachment to Buddhism - non-Buddhist?
  3. @chriskaplan6109 [2 likes]: Brilliant video, this is an important clarification. Enlightened action in the world is a big part of Buddhism as I see it, not being aloof and away from it. Thanks, Doug.
  4. @mariaelisabettasesselego9607 [1 likes]: I bless God everyday that you exist. I personally spoke to you only once through emails but you definetely are my favorite teacher on youtube. Thanks for sharing all your wisdom and helping people worldwide, master.
Your legacy will be every life that you touched. Mine included ❤
  5. @RedLipsRus [1 likes]: Detachment = Being aloof. 
Non-attachment = Being non-clingy.
  6. @cyberpunkworld [1 likes]: You can be highly "mentally detached" while pursuing material things. That's a Poker player.
  7. @paulomoreira995 [1 likes]: Veryyy dificult, i must detach from ideias about the world but mus also keep learning, manifesting...
  8. @LifemakesZen [1 likes]: I see a flaw here. For a lot of people, many of the named attachments diminish simply through ageing (physical) and experience (insight), without any knowledge of Buddhism. On the other hand why should one not "detach" from standing up against injustice e.g. but actually "detach" from sensual pleasures? Here I see rather a wordplay because what is suggested is actually more than non-attachment, it is not getting involved in accumulating thoughts directed at sexual pleasure and in the end avoiding it, i.e., "detaching" (because your are not tatking part in it anymore). In that area, you either do things in a certain way (which includes arousal and the senses and thought process) or it won''t happen at all. In other words, if you do "non-attachment" right, there is no need to not do those common things anymore, and you may still love your car, prefer a favorite country and indulge in pleasures without clinging to them. I believe early Buddhism has not solved this problem correctly.
  9. @nsbd90now [1 likes]: I like you identifying attachment as that kind of "fluttering of the heart" when aware of something. That way deep down subtle inclination to move towards or away, to "say" a yes or a no that isn't even yet a choice to be made, nor even a reflection or thought, in a way. A resonance with, or resistance to what is being experienced. There is the saying that "the opposite of love isn't hate, but indifference"... that seems like a type or form of being aloof, rather than existentially detached.
  10. @earthy7898 [1 likes]: Doug, if I should not be detached from the sufferings of others, what should I do if I have no means to help them? I mean, who doesn't want to rescue all the street cats, but I don't have the money, time, and wisdom to do so. It's very painful to watch but I can't do anything but be detached from it. Could you give some advice? Thank you!
  11. @earthy7898 [1 likes]: Doug, I appreciate your video. Do you have advice on: should I even speak up for those who are being abused if the abusers (my parents) never listened to me. Plus I have done that but it never worked. Should I, in this case, be detached from the situation completely or should I still try to speak up knowing that it is unlikely to work?
  12. @67NewEngland [1 likes]: If the Buddha didn’t agree with extreme aestheticism then why do so many monk’s practice it?
  13. @magicaree [1 likes]: Non self = non attachment. Self in denial = detachment. Drugs and alcohol detach people all the time
  14. @sonamtshering194 [1 likes]: Before I thought detachment and non-attachment are synonyms
  15. @melchorkaamino208: you offend your parents in practicing the whole field of non-attachment energy,. it is a sin indeed
  16. @kateyelkovan: Cool
  17. @elisabethseeger5837: No - take a look at internal Family Systems-non attachment gives a person freedom to be fully present without being tethered to negative responses based on damaging life experiences
  18. @essenceofnothingness: I'm cold, indifferent and have zero interest in others. I don't hate them I just don't give a damn about them. I guess this Non-Attachment is my thing.
  19. @A.Dajlida: 'Renunciation' is, along with Patience and Service, one of the three traditional Sufi virtues. And what you tell about 'non-self' is very close to the Sufi (and in general Islamic) theme of overcoming the false Nafs (false Self).
  20. @yongjiean9980: Is equanimity uppekkha detachment?

- NON-ATTACHMENT MADE SIMPLE: How to Practice Non-Attachment & Its Benefits  | Wu Wei Wisdom: Kind: captions Language: en hi and welcome to this week's woo way wisdom a life lessons teaching it's great to be back with you all this week we are exploring the concept of non-attachment you'll discover what non-attachment is how to practice it and the many benefits of non-attachment in your daily life [Music] okay David so what is non-attachment well it's a great subject and it's a real Taoist subject so the Top Line answer is clear the Clutter if you're attached to clutter either physical clutter in your house and we'll talk about that and this is feng shui clear the Clutter but I want to concentrate more about the clutter in your mind and how it blocks up your thinking the flow of qi energy and coming from a Taoist perspective that's what we're talking about are we allowing the life force of chi energy to throw flow through our lives and through ourselves without clutter and David and I guess because most of our teachings are about what goes on in our mind and how it affects our flag so this mental clutter is it cluster to do with how we think about the past so rumination what we're kind of concerned and about in the here and now and kind of worries or fears or expectations for the future so past present and future all of the above all of the above I would I would uh I would categorize it in our model as being a child the inner child really gets over busy overthinking a lot of my clients say oh my goodness I overthink this is the Clutter we're filling up our minds exactly what you said what could what should have happened in the past what's happening now you're not happy with and then fearful of the future all the stuff we talk about ccj criticizing comparing being judgmental clutter you're cluttering up your mind and what you're doing is you're not allowing that natural flow that energy that you've got to Flow In Harmony and to be authentic so if you think about it in the way of a house if you I've seen those programs on television where people I think they call them hoarders and they hoard and they clutter and they accumulate them they're attached and they can't let go of things until in the end they can't even get in their own house or they're just living on what they've got this big house and they're just living in one part or one chair or one bed and that happens in our minds Alex if we fill our minds of all this stuff it's like we're hoarding we're hoarding we're hoarding and we don't want to let go of it and this is why it's so important because like when you see those TV programs and somebody comes in to help them clear it they hang on to it they say oh yes but that goes that that newspaper goes back to the 1940s I may want to read that again I may want to look at that again and that's exactly what we do with our mind we hold on to this hoarding and this clutter and we fill our minds and we and until we can't live in our own mind we're so constricted in our thinking all the things we talk about it's like we're seeing life through a very narrow lands I think David there are a lot of people who would say okay so well what are you suggesting that we don't have any uh desires to hold on to memories of the past or any that we shouldn't have any expectations of future outcomes or expectations of a relationship or expectations if I work hard I may achieve this it's hard to kind of almost wipe the Sleek clean I mean is that what you're saying that we need to wipe the Slate clean in terms of our mental expectations on our desires or needs no I'm not saying that Alex and I'm the emotional pendulum what happens is you go to the extreme and you say are you saying I should forget everything well of course I'm not saying that I mean we as human beings we have to use the house analogy and we have to have furniture and we have to have these type of things a bed to sleep in a seat to seat on the table to eat our food on but what do you need and this is the real question because the inner child part of the subconscious mind will always need more want more want to accumulate want to Stack Up put it away for a rainy day put it away for a rainy day until you can't live is in your own mind because it is even if it became terrain you couldn't find the umbrella because he's stuck at the back of the cupboard now what I'm saying is something very different I'm saying to let go of the things that you don't need remember remember I use that analogy of the hoarder and when somebody goes to help them and they want to take away and go oh no I need that I need that I'm not being truthful see and so we come back onto the principles of wu-way wisdom truth honesty and integrity are you going to use it are those memories that you're talking about are they relevant can you file them away can you put them into a cupboard not keep them active in your mind I think it's very difficult for people to distinguish though David what is something is that will be is needed or is practically useful in terms of a memory or a life experience and then to take the the essence of that and then to file the rest away because we don't want to forget about kind of challenges or things we've learned in the past or you know um if we may if someone wronged us we we learned a lesson from that we don't want to forget everything and and know should we have no I guess expectations or no desires for the future I think it would be difficult to just have like a zero plan for the future so I I'm just finding it difficult to work out how we practically get to a point of um healthy non-attachment okay so let's use the example that you use somebody's rung you in the past and then you said you've learned the lesson yeah so now why do you want to carry around all that experience of how they hurt you what they did what they should have done what they could have done what you did what went wrong and you build up this story like an anchor instead of learning the lesson and let it go let it go and let it be it's a wonderful translation of a dowi saying Let It Go just Let It Go why do you need it so you have to be absolutely authentic and truthful with yourself why do you need to hold on to that whole story you see again we're talking about the inner child the inner child love this story about how things are against them how they're a victim how it should have been how it could have been a lot of my clients for instance will tell me terrible stories about their childhood awful you know the way that they were abandoned not loved the way that they were physically abused or sexually abused terrible terrible terrible stories and they say this is really my life but it hasn't Alex unless you're carrying that memory along with you like an anchor pulling you along because we don't know or or they'll say things like this is another good example they'll say things like if my mum if my dad would have done that things would have been better and they build up this big story about how things would be better but we don't know things would have been better they could have been worse so why can't we just let it go take a breath things are the way they were the future will be I want to talk about the future as in a second but the past we can't change the past we haven't got a time machine why don't you just accept his that I was teaching This Is The Life Lesson accept accept what happened it happened accepted now build off that now let go of that and so I yeah I was going to say I'm strongly getting the sense of acceptance being very very important in the practice of non-attachment and when you say acceptance that doesn't mean to think in your mind well what happened was okay it was acceptable it was right right but just acceptance that it was hap it happened whatever happened in the past it was part of your life journey and the best you can do is take the lesson but not create the elaborate story because then we become very attached to the elaborate story which uh is something that will block us that will hold us back which will stop our flow block our energy you're right Alex and it's really important that you've highlighted and we've done many teaching on acceptance and you're absolutely right acceptance doesn't mean it's okay acceptance does not mean it was okay acceptance is totally different acceptance is it happened you are victorious you are amazing you got through it I don't know how you got through it but you did now leave it where it belongs it's in the rear view mirror don't keep dragging it along and cluttering up your life and this is the Clutter I'm talking about it's like well it's happened to me 20 years ago it was unfair it was unjust it shouldn't have happened to me it didn't happen to other people and what you're actually doing energetically this is key flow again you're bringing something that happened 10 20 30 40 50 60 years ago for some of my clients I'm bringing it into your life right now and that creates clutter in your mind acceptance is a really powerful Taoist teaching accepting that it happened just accepting that accepting that that person acted in that way not that that person was right or accepting that you were wrong or accepting anything just accepting the incident or the situation and put it behind you clear the Clutter and that's what non-attachment means don't be holding on to the stories and the inner child loves these stories it builds up these stories and we've said on the inner child teachings what happens when you hold on to all these stories these stories become your identity the stories of your past become your identity and that's the attachment you start to see yourself as this victim you start to see yourself as you can't cope you start to see yourself as you're not good enough you start to see yourself as unlovable this is the attachment you come attached to that I'm sorry I just want to say this little one one more thing and just on that TV program when you don't want to let go of a newspaper that's 40 years old for some crazy reason you don't want to let go of these attachment beliefs for the same thing and not only do they do the attachment beliefs become the story which affects your current life but they also affect the trajectory of your future life absolutely and and then we start to clutter up the future life and then we start to say things like it will never work it won't work out for me it always fails for me and you you have now these beliefs which have consequences I call them self-fulfilling prophecies you call them confirmation biased because if you keep on telling yourself you're not good enough you can't cope things always work out bad for you you're a victim now you're setting the path for the future and you're bringing your clutter along your mindset and you're projecting it into your own future and for some people this attachment almost like prediction of outcomes in a negative prediction way so we can see how being attached to Old faulty beliefs about ourselves and the world may affect our future in that regard but for some people they are attached to outcomes which can be very positive outcomes they have very a kind of idealistic expectations or very Rosy expectations of outcomes of kind of decisions they're going to make relationships career moves uh you know holidays it can be anything in in our day-to-day pattern of life but if we if we're rigidly attached to or expect certain outcomes that also can trip us up it can Alex and again that could be the inner child over over um guessing of wanting things while I call the utopian World wanting things to be perfect this is what you're talking about here is very important as well because this comes into perfect when you want to be better when you want it to be perfect how many times did you say it's not perfect this is the inner child now creating clutter because what you're doing is you're focusing yourself it can only be one way which is a lovely teaching on the difference between setting goals and having an intention because this is again about attachment if you set this rigid goal now what you're doing you're bringing your focus in Union you're attached to that outcome and you cannot enjoy the journey and what's even more important for a Taoist you're closing all of the doors and the gates and the windows so what that translates to a fun this translates to a funny word translates from the Chinese into the English is the helpers when you're fixed on a goal on a certain outcome you're cluttering your mind and you're closing everything to allow the helpers the universe synchronicity intuition new ideas new people new different situations to enter into your life and again I'm going to use the analogy of the hoarder if their house is full to the brim and they can't get into it no new ideas what can come in and so this happens in your mind if you are absolutely fixated on say being perfect being better than someone else having a bigger car a bigger house a better job more money you become absolutely full in your mind and you won't allow the helper the universe to come in and offer you different Alternatives and you see what I'm doing with my buddy you lose that flow you're like this no it's got and you you you lose so many up opportunities because now this is not what I want this is not what I want this is what I'm looking for and in the end you're like the hoarder you can't get nothing in the daoists say this is a wonderful it's in the Davido Ching when your cup is full to the brim you can't get nothing else into it why don't you let the energy flow through you why don't you be part of life why don't why don't you trust the universe because that's where we live these new opportunities will enter into your life the minute you open the door and the windows these enter into your life and isn't this so much like feng shui yeah Alex's practices foreign function teaches feng shui we could be talking about feng shui now yeah well this is when you started talking about uh non-attachment to physical things that's that's feng shui because it's like we have to free the space within our homes or in our place of work in the same way we have to free the space up in our mind to allow the abundance of the and the fresh clean invigorated energy of the universe to flow into our homes or into our life or into our minds um rather than things becoming stale held and often in terms of the Mind stuff fear-based so this idea of expect having expectations or holding on to stories of our past or what's going to happen in the future or who we are this is all fear-based stuff so in essence fear stuff from the in a child stops the energy flow if we lose the fear if we detach from the fear then the energy will flow well I would say slightly different if we don't create the fear because remember we are the creator of fear but this is why a lot of my masses in China were also feng shui experts and that's where I learned it from and I taught Alex because it's the same principle the principle that we talk about in your mind we focus on the mind because that's that's where we're working in but the same principle affects everything how good do you feel when you've had a good clean when you cleared all the clutters out of your house when you've thrown away things you've never used never going to use and you get that feeling because that's the QI now flowing the principle is exactly the same about attachment if you've got your mind full of all of these ideas that come from childhood normally the injustices the unfair fairness is what should have had me when you didn't pass an exam when you didn't whence when your first boyfriend or girlfriend dumped you and and what people said to you some of my clients are talking about what people said to them 30 years ago what relevance does it has it has a relevance because they've cluttered up their mind with it here's something else my clients say why do I overthink this is attachment because you are comfortable and they really dislike when I say that you are very comfortable and familiar with this overthinking you're like a hoarder sitting in the chair with everything around and you can't move that's what it's like and now it's time to take a breath and people say well how do I do that how do I let go David no there's the wrong question flip the question why are you holding on there's only you holding on no one else is holding on to this stuff no one the universe is not going to change if you hold on to it or let go or the universe will do Trinity will flow better if you clear that person's house throw everything into the dump and leaving with what they need to live on what's going to happen nothing they're still going to live now the Energy starts to flow now the helpers start to come into your life now the new opportunities start to flow into your life you don't have to do anything you just create the space and sit and wait and then you'll see all of these new exciting opportunities coming into your life and instead of having a goal fixed in your mind why don't you have a direction of travel and that's a good translation for the Dao a compass a direction of travel a path away a flow and that's what we're looking for and David you mentioned this overthinking do you think the oh the overthinking comes from because if we are attached to an expectation of an outcome um it's like we then have to try and control everything in order to get that outcome so that's where the mental strategizing the emotional strategizing the manipulation the overthinking comes in we make a lot of work for ourselves trying to uncontrol 100 pieces in in the jigsaw when actually it may be only a small number of the pieces are are within our control you're absolutely right Alex that's one way and the other way is remember the pendulum that something happened to you in the past and then you start to think uh Wonder consider watch why it happened why did they do that why did I do that what would have been better is if it hadn't happened how my would my life be different wouldn't it be better if my mother had loved me it wouldn't it be better if my father bounced me on my knee my life would be better look at me things happen to me so it's the both ends of the pendulum I'm not overthinking Alex what is so important is it it makes you the victim that's the first thing and for a lot of my clients it takes away their accountability they stop being accountable because they have this story this identity to blame oh well it's not me my father didn't love me so therefore he says I'm just repeating a client therefore if my father doesn't love me and didn't love me then I don't know how to love myself so I said you you have children don't you and she said yes so you don't love them of course I love them they're my light I give them so much love so you do know how to love them she says yeah bro I don't know how to love myself it was the same as loving your children love is an emotional feeling and you see how that mindset has just blocked up her mind about her it's like she's filled her mind hoarded all of these injustices in her mind and then for her the new opportunities can't come in and like the order they will hang on to these like Grim death I often think with my clients have you ever seen when a dog has a bone and they hold on to the Bone and you pick them up and they're off the ground and they still holding onto the bone that's a lot of my clients these beliefs these these hoarding is so important to them but actually if you step back now if you're one of these people with your mind full of overthinking step back what would change if you just let go what would really change nothing I tell you what as one of my clients says yes but they get away with it wouldn't they well they've got away with it already the only one that's suffering is you you they don't know you're suffering nobody else knows what goes on into your mind see what I say about beliefs beliefs around yours how do you change a belief how do you keep a belief why do you want to keep a belief you see it's the same thing and David this you mentioned the word accountability because I think um there's a danger for some people that with this non-attachment concept that they think well if I'm not attached to the outcomes I shouldn't have it you know I shouldn't have any rigid expectations somehow then it takes the motivation off me in terms of my actions my doing I'm not so kind of motivated or driven or I'm kind of thinking I can be a bit lazy with stuff but I remember you telling me once about you know we should be accountable and responsible and do our very best in whatever thing we are doing or creating or working at whether it's a piece of work or a relationship or something to do with or health or a complicated negotiation we should give our very best but then once we've given and once we've kind of devoted that energy with pure good authentic intention then we need it's kind of we we've let it go into the universe and that we it's no longer within our control and that we should no longer have an expectation of what the outcome is but we know we've done our best and that's the most important thing and that's the teaching Alex that's a great explanation of the teaching that that we we should do a teaching on motivation because if you're looking outside of yourself to be motivated then you're giving away what it is your energy you hashu should be accountable for your motivation for doing what you believe is right for you what it is that makes you authentic what it is that puts you into your flow that's not somebody else's responsibility that's your responsibility and this is why I call owning it owning it being accountable owning it because this is so important in our model if you want to clutter up your mind with what happened to you 20 30 years ago in your childhood absolutely fine I say to my clients I am not here to change that belief that's your belief if you're that important for you please keep it I'm only asking you why you want to keep it why is it important for you in this life why is it important for you right now and moving forward to hold let's say it was Injustice let's say it was abuse let's say that's all true why is it important for you see own it you can't change what's not yours and so many people will put the ownership oh it was them it was them they should have done this parents should do that things should do that they didn't do it they didn't do it now what do we do with that because you are now holding on to it that's what you're doing you're holding on to it you're cluttering up your mind why are you doing that and here's the golden thread be accountable take ownership because when it's yours now you can do something about it you can carry on holding on to it for the rest of your life please clutter up your house it's your mind you are responsible I can't stop you clutch up your mind before be dogmatic don't let yourself open to all the joy please do that I I wouldn't but you could you're a responsible person and that's why owning it or being accountable is one of the things why people want to overthink because they don't want to step forward and the reasons why they don't want to do that just finish off this teaching is because they may fail and other people may criticize them judge them compare them and so they stay in this familiar comfortable place where they fall and they can feel sorry for themselves and they see themselves as a victim please you're not a victim you are victorious you are amazing not perfect open yourself up now open the windows let the fresh air blow through start a bonfire imaginary bonfire in your back garden and just burn all that stuff if you haven't there's a saying in feng shui if you haven't used something in six months you don't need to get rid of it and that includes your clothes get rid of them fold them up put them away you don't need them don't need them clear your wardrobe clear your mind clear your life look at something say when was the last time I used that dunk it throw it you know put it in the charity shop whatever give it away get it get that energy and then you'll attract more into your life this is become a functioning this is function brilliant thank you David well I really hope you enjoyed this teaching on non-attachment do let us know and please maybe share it with someone else who may also benefit I'll put links in the show notes to some related teachings that will help you with this topping including the one David mentioned about the difference between intention and goal setting and this whole concept of energy flow and opening yourself up to energy flow if you'd like to work with David one to one on any of the issues we've talked about in today's teaching or any of our other teachings I will put a link in the show notes as well to learn more about David's video consultations via Zoom and please don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel we produce new teachings every week and we would love to share your journey with you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @roseoldland4385 [7 likes]: Thanks David & Alex, your videos are gradually changing this 68 year olds life for the better, nothing else has ever helped me like your videos, thank you, thank you! 🇦🇺🥰
  2. @caitrionafairy8233 [6 likes]: What a discovery you both are.❤
  3. @TheSunshinefee [3 likes]: Thank you so much for this wonderful insight talk. 
I admit that i am attached to my old stories and they are holding me back. One of them is balding at the age of 16 due to stress at home, where my parents were always fighting. 
I never got my beautiful full hair back and my hair loss has become worse over the last ten years. No day goes by or i see myself in the mirror and get reminded at the cause. 
holding onto that old story depletes me emotionally and doesn't get my hair back. time to let go and go onwards and put some energy in my new dreams and goals
  4. @nina549 [3 likes]: Excellent
 What about getting also rid of people? I decided I can't change an agressive out of control person in my family,... I won't take it anymore.....I put my heart at peace.
  5. @shineon008 [3 likes]: I believe for me the problem of letting go was no knowledge of how to process the emotions / energy that was trapped in my body. No one taught me and I was full of anger with no idea of it's existence at first and then no clue how to get it out in a healthy way. Only then when the energy began to  lessen was I able to accept.  I believe my stuck anger was protecting me in a way until I learned.  Thank you for your videos and clear explanations.
  6. @Balaji67654 [2 likes]: Thankyou so much. ❤lots of love
  7. @naturelover9162 [2 likes]: Wow grateful for this lesson!!!!!💯💯🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  8. @elizabethhardy2111 [2 likes]: I have a go-to phrase that I use, whenever I find myself ruminating about the past. When I catch myself doing it, I say aloud  but "That was then, This is NOW ". little by little I'm changing that auto-pilot of behavior.
  9. @bhrismaw-q [2 likes]: Do you have any videos on grief after a loved one passes?
  10. @susanbartlett4048 [2 likes]: you people are a blessing
  11. @WeiMokwei [2 likes]: Thanks for this wonderful lessons..
  12. @anilajasa [2 likes]: Thank you🙏🏻✨
  13. @ranichainani2917 [2 likes]: Thank you
  14. @MyraPhoenix1974 [2 likes]: Thank you for all your videos
  15. @teresakenny6975 [1 likes]: Thank you for this lesson ,❤
  16. @veratsai4557 [1 likes]: Thank you for the teaching! Would love to see a video on motivation as you mentioned!
  17. @TchatchouaBorel [1 likes]: God bless you both Ma'am&Sir for these wonderful mind advices💯💕 from Cameroon 🇨🇲
  18. @pathofpeace1822 [1 likes]: Thank You With A Grateful Heart!.  Namaste.
  19. @nicolelouiselucas3996 [1 likes]: thank you needed this today 😊
  20. @dede986: How do you accept things if they hurt you badly ? I always think I let go of things until I realize how I react to certain situations and people and I realize I never got over it. It seems like it’s uncontrollable

- 27 - Understanding Non-Attachment: Kind: captions Language: en hello you are listening to the secular Buddhism podcast and this is episode number 27 I am your host Noah Rasheeda and today I'm talking about understanding non-attachment welcome back to the secular Buddhism podcast this is a weekly podcast that focuses on Buddhist concepts topics and teachings presented for a secular minded audience the Dalai Lama has said do not try to use what you learned from Buddhism to be a Buddhist use it to be a better whatever you already are I like to emphasize that at the beginning of every podcast episode so please keep that in mind as you listen to this episode and remember if you enjoy the podcast please share it with others write a review or give it a rating in iTunes or if you're in a position to be able to help I would really appreciate it if you could make a one-time donation or become a monthly contributor to the podcast by visiting secular Buddhism com so let's jump into this week's topic understanding non-attachment this is a topic I wanted to discuss because it's come up a few times in recent workshops that I've done where the understanding of non-attachment is I think a little bit misconstrued typically there's the response or asking for clarification on whether or not it's okay to be attached specifically usually referring to loved ones like spouse or children or parents and so I want to clarify this topic a little bit more because non-attachment is a very important part of understanding Buddhist philosophical thought but I want to be clear about what exactly non-attachment is or perhaps more specifically what it's not because I think when we think of the word attached and if I were to think I'm attached to my kids or to my wife we don't necessarily view that in a negative Conte as a negative connotation and and I don't think we should the the type of non-attachment that's being talked about in Buddhist thought has less to do with what you own or what with you what you hold on to versus how that holds on to you so for instance I heard a recent quote that said non-attachment doesn't mean we don't own things it means we don't allow things to own us that in a nutshell is the type of non-attachment that we're talking about a Zen master put it pretty simply he said everything breaks attachment is our unwillingness to face that reality so I think non-attachment really stems from a misunderstanding of things being impermanent when we attach to something we suffer and others suffer because we're holding on to things that are past their time and you remember the the raft the parable of the raft where the Buddha was with his monks and he asks if somebody were to build a raft and they are crossing the river with it at the time that they finally make it to the other side is it wise or unwise to continue to carry that raft with them and I think this lesson really is talking about the understanding of non-attachment letting go of the raft whatever the raft may be is a lesson of letting go of things that are past their time and that is essentially the understanding of non-attachment so this can apply to relationships friends experiences even our moment-to-moment experience of living if we're if we're attached to it can be the source of a lot of suffering for ourselves and others so by accepting the true nature of things as being impermanent we ease our fears and we open our hearts and then this understanding of impermanence will not only benefit ourselves but it will benefit others as well so don't think of non-attachment as a form of indifference or a form of self-denial I think of non-attachment as a way of not allowing things in your life to own you so giving up the attachment to the permanence of things I think is the key understanding here because we understand that all things are constantly changing that all things are impermanent and because all things are constantly changing when you hold on to something and attached to it it's detrimental because that thing changes it evolves and changes over time like like that quote everything breaks attachment is our unwillingness to face that reality and you can apply that thinking to almost anything so in terms of relationships because that one's brought up quite often what does non attachment mean in terms of how I love my spouse or my partner or my children or my parents or siblings tick not Han has a really good quote that I like he says you must love in such a way that the person you love feels free and I think this goes hand in hand with the understanding of non attachment loving in a non attached way is loving in a way that the person that you love feels free and to be loved in a way that you feel free is a way of being loved without attachment so it's not that there isn't love or that you don't want to be with someone it's that you don't allow that person or that thing to own you because that's attachment so letting go of attachment is the secret to really enjoying life and to loving others it's it's a way of freedom so think about that with you know relationships like with your children if you love your children in a way that they feel free that's genuine non attachment you're allowing somebody to be completely authentic and free as they are I think this is very pertinent with relationships but it applies to other things too I've been asked specifically about goals you know it's non-attachment meaning I go through life and I don't have milestones or goals that that I'm gonna work towards or aspire to and the goals or milestones are not the problem it's when we allow those things to own us that it becomes unhealthy so that same form of thinking applies here I think it's completely appropriate to have goals to have milestones that you set in in life or in your career or in various the various phases of your life there's nothing wrong with that it's when those things be become we become trapped because those things own us so jack Kornfield had a quote he put on Twitter not too long ago that said everything that has a beginning has an ending make your peace with that and all will be well and I think again that's a that's a wonderful understanding of the concept of impermanence so apply that to something like a goal you know having goals can be fine when you understand that goals are impermanent you you work towards it and you either accomplish it and move on or something changes and it doesn't work out and that's where the wisdom of adaptability comes into play because the moment life presents something new you can adapt and create a new goal because that goal didn't own you you use that as a it should be a tool for you not an anchor or not something that that makes it more difficult for you the Buddha taught that all conditioned phenomena are impermanent and that all meeting all meeting ends in parting and again I think in all these examples what stands out to me is the understanding of in terms of our understanding of impermanence because the mistake that we make is seen life as permanent and when one of my teachers Cory Okubo say would say put a period on it he always says just keep going and our tendency in life is to is to freeze it and make permanent things like we do sentences and then when this sentence is over there's the period that thought is done it's locked and now I move on to the next one and I think that makes a lot of sense in some ways especially with writing but what if what if life wasn't about putting periods on things what if it was always a comma and then you keep going and you add another common you keep going like one infinitely long run-on sentence which I I know is really going to bother some of you who are into grammar but think about that in terms of life I've compared life to a river you know there's no aspect of the river that's permanent the water that's flowing is continually changing the very edges and banks of the river are constantly eroding and sand is being carried away you know if a big storm comes and the water rises the shape of the river can change and the water finds a new path and that becomes the new River the new path of the river so there's no aspect of a river that's permanent and life is a lot like that there's no aspect of life that's permanent and it's when we get caught up in those moments of making things in life seem permanent that we run the risk of becoming attached so we when we attach to the to the permanence of things then the those things start to own us so non-attachment could be said that it's really about not comparing and when you think about this in terms of time this this can be really powerful because think of the present moment what if we allowed the present moment to be free as it is without comparing the present moment to a previous moment or to a future moment we just allow the present moment to be completely free to be what it is right here and right now and we're not very good at the our tendency is to compare the the present moment to a past moment or to a future moment that we anticipate and in in doing that we're not allowing that to be free and it's without that sense of freedom that we become slaves to these concepts that's that's the idea of attachment not that we're attaching but the way we understand it it attaches and binds us almost like like shackles are like chains so think of non-attachment as a form of freedom the opposite of of non-attachment is well I guess non-attachment could be synonymous with freedom so think of it that way and the opposite of non-attachment would be a form of being bound or chained to whatever it is it could be ideas relationships the present moment there are several things in life that can come up that that non-attachment would be a much healthier way to approach it then the path of attachment which I think in a lot of cases is more common so the idea of non-attachment and as I mentioned earlier what one of my teachers always talks about just keep going I had the experience last weekend last Saturday to get together with some friends and tried to do a walk a 50 mile walk and 50 miles is 80 point four six kilometers for those of you who use the metric system so just to get an idea of how far of a distance that that is we walked that in one day we started at five in the morning in one city and walked to another city from Provo to Salt Lake City in Utah and it took it took me just over 19 hours so I started at 5:00 a.m. and I arrived just after midnight around 12:30 and I was just a long day of non-stop walking and the reason I did it I was excited to do this one I found out we were my friend was putting this together because I knew that at some point I would want to stop I would want to quit and I had been studying this concept of keep going with my teacher and the idea that sometimes we do things just to do them our tendency I have mentioned this in earlier podcasts is that our utilitarian view of the world is well what's in it for me if I'm gonna do this there's got to be a reason why either I get a trophy or I get you know even just to be able to say that I did it is still a reason to do it and I thought what if I did it just to do it and that's a long enough walk to where at some point you know you just forget on forget why you're doing it but you forget the fact that you're measuring how long it's going to be because it's still so long that you're not really thinking about that so I thought it might be a fun exercise to get into the mindset of thinking I'm just taking one more step and then one more step and I'm just gonna keep going and practicing this form of understanding and permanence this moment this step I'm taking ends and it ends the moment I take the next step and then that moment is also imper minute it ends the moment I take the next step and and overall that's how the entire walk kind of turned out to be for me this form of walking meditation of just taking one step at a time having in my mind the attitude of just keep going at times I thought about Dori I had gone to see Dori with my kids from Finding Nemo and she's always singing that song just keep swimming just keep swimming and I had that popping into my mind on multiple occasions during the walk to just keep going just keep swimming so I I finally completed that and for me it was a form of of being unattached to the permanence of the situation of walking I think it's easy to think okay here's the start of the walk and then there's the end of the walk it's I knew it was going to be about 20 hours was my goal and I think sometimes there's this attitude I I know that I was certainly thinking this of enduring I'm going to endure this and enduring things in life is one way to view things but I like to think of it as understanding that what I'm going through in the moment is not permanent this too shall pass I've talked about that and that ring the king who was looking for a way to be cheered up when he was down and he was given a ring with the inscription this too shall pass but that also reminded him when things were good this too shall pass and it kind of became his curse while I was doing the 50-mile walk I thought about that a lot and especially towards the end when I was starting to feel really sore and really my muscles were really tight and I was starting to limp and I was thinking this too shall pass at the first of the walk this too shall pass was my comfort level I was you know feeling very comfortable my legs were fine and I was telling myself well this too shall pass at some point in this walk this is going to hurt and then when it was hurting I was telling myself this too shall pass and that was to remind me that once the walk was over one at some point my muscles wouldn't be sore again and that actually took a full week after the walk so from Saturday from the moment I was done the next day I could barely walk and then it took almost a full week before I could walk without limping so but throughout this whole ordeal it was it was fun to try to practice the mindset of not allowing any of it to feel permanent every day I was reminding myself you know even after the walk I'm still sore thinking well this too shall pass and that's essentially the attitude of non-attachment it's recognizing that everything that I'm experiencing is impermanent and and I'm trying to face the reality that everything ends every start has an ending and I thought about the parable that I've shared before about the two monks who are crossing the river because I think that is a wonderful depiction of detachment and so the two monks arrived at the edge of the river and there's the young girl in the wedding gown and the senior monk picks her up without even thinking they crossed the river and at some point he puts her down and then at some point on on their journey the young monk is just going nuts trying to figure out what had just what he had just seen and he finally tells the senior monk hey what are you doing we had we've taken vows to not to not touch a female and you just picked her up like nothing and carried her across the river and the senior monk pauses and just tells him I put her down on the other side of the river why do you continue to carry her and to me that's another wonderful example of attachment when something has gone beyond its time it's past its time we have a hard time letting go because we're attached and non attachment is being able to do what you need to do in the moment like the monk putting the the girl on his back and and then when it was done it was done and he let her go so I would invite you to think about this topic and ask yourself what are you attached to and maybe an even stronger way to word this to make it more clear what I'm trying to get at is what are the things that currently own you what are the what are the things that that control and currently own you this could be emotions if you're if you're still angry that's something that happened in the past or at someone or you know take a look at your life and ask yourself what is it that currently owns me because if you feel a sense of something that owns you there's attachment there and that's a great place to start with practicing non-attachment what can i what can I try to detach from will try to detach from the things that you feel that own you and this doesn't just have to be the negative things it can be anything that you feel owns you and with relationships this is incredibly powerful if you were able to have a non-attached loving relationship with your spouse or with your parents or with your children you know what would that look like to love someone in such a way that the person that you love feels free what would that look like and what would what would it look like if you felt that you were loved in a way that you felt free and you know start by offering that to someone else offering that sense of freedom to the person that you love that's a form of non-attachment so I hope that kind of clarifies the topic a little bit about non-attachment rather than thinking of non-attachment as I don't own anything or you know I'm not gonna have anything in my life I'm gonna give everything up consider that non-attachment it has more to do with not allowing the things that you do have in your life to possess you or to own you I think of it that way and then look for what areas or things in your life right now feel like they have a sense of attachment for you I'd love to hear about this in the comments and see how it goes for you as you discuss this or as you explore this a little bit and then I want to remind everyone only because we're getting closer to the date of this humanitarian trip that that I'm doing next January January 26 through February 4th if you're interested in learning about that please reach out to me you can learn about it on mindful humanitarian org or you can reach out to me I've mentioned this a few times but you can find me on Facebook my user name is Noah Rosetta so facebook forward slash Noah Rosetta or on Twitter or on Instagram I have the same username in all those places or you can always reach out to me by email a lot of you do and I really appreciate communicating with you on my email address is Noah secular Buddhism calm so you can find me on secular Buddhism calm of course and as always thank you so much for taking the time to listen I really believe that this podcast is making a difference and many of you have reached out to tell me that it's making a difference to you and and it's wonderful to hear that it really motivates me to continue recording new podcast episodes and I do this because I enjoy it I do this because I'm trying to make myself a better whatever I already am and I have no intent of converting or changing anyone I'm just sharing these topics because they're meaningful to me and I enjoy them and and in a way they're written for me as I go through my journey of trying to be more mindful and I'm determined to continue producing content and creating tools to help myself and others to be more mindful so you can play a part in that if you're in a position to be able to help your donations allow me to continue producing that weekly content and creating these tools for the workshops and retreats and seminars and of course the podcast so if you're in a position to be able to help please visit secular Buddhism calm to make a one-time donation or sign up as a monthly supporter of the podcast and thanks again for taking the time to listen and please feel free to share the podcast to write a review or give it a rating in iTunes and please reach out to me and let me know what you think of this podcast episode and good luck with trying to explore and what areas of your life you feel that you could practice non-attachment I'd love to hear what it what it does for you to think about it like this and to see if you can start to practice non-attachment in different areas of your life so I wish you all the best have a great week and until next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MjF809 [2 likes]: I believe non attachment is correct 
Mental health with family and friends.
  2. @maxono1465 [2 likes]: This video did make a difference to me! I think you cleared up for me the concept and i also enjoyed how you said "love those in you life so that they feel free", i think it like rly helped me understand.
I also enjoyed your anecdote about the day long walk. And how you recounted the buddha saying of not being a better buddhist but being a better whatever you already are
Thank you!
  3. @alanhehe4508 [2 likes]: Impressive walk you did!! I learned mindful walking from Thich Nhat Hanh,  whom I've heard you mention, and that's a very healing practice. 
Thich Nhat Hanh was a true Buddhist Master. In his teaching,  the kindness and peace that he exuded can still be sensed. Places like Plum Village give me some hope for humanity.  I love that they instruct people of all ages, especially the children.  Oh, if we all learned mindfulness early!! And also critical thinking. We weren't taught HOW to think,  but rather WHAT to think,  or memorize.
  4. @annabellacrewe8858 [1 likes]: It is a very good exercise, just like Thay explains; walking meditation ! Just, I cannot walk that long anymore ! I do walk and cykle every Day - always have - now I do it without a goal ! But You are now reminding me about all things must pass, I shall do it more every Day! I am 70, and attached to my feeling lonely, living alone not having any family or friends ! It truly can be very difficult fex today to believe in "all things must pass", because I get so sad being here every Day, not having anyone to talk to ! How can I get nonattached to that fact ???
  5. @Ikaros23 [1 likes]: Reality is that we can’t change or controll others ( influence is not the same as 100% controll). The ignorance of this « law» creates alot of suffering and madness. It’s important to train the mind to let go of trying to controll all things trancient. We must love others, but if they try to harm us or others, then it is the wise action to just let them go. Also learn to let go of the pain of letting them go. Let your mind reflect and greif for some time. Then stopp and go on with your life and your tasks guilt and shame free 🙏🏽🌅🌱
  6. @WolfgangKLX [1 likes]: When end comes dont grief. 

Accept, Let go & Move on

Things always change for the better.
  7. @MartinHarbison: To me, the fuel for non- attachment is options ❤
  8. @noself1028: Thanks, Noah! This is one of the best explanations of non-attachment I’ve heard or seen, and it has really enhanced my understanding. I’ll definitely check out more of your videos!
  9. @clairey6748: what a great channel. i especially love this quote, "you must love in a way the other person feels free." i wish i learned about it sooner.
Please keep making these great videos, they are so valuable
  10. @adnox383: where do you draw a line between nonchalant and not attached, when are you "fighting" and putting effort for something you want, and when is it considered being attached
  11. @paradab6543: In the teachings of the Buddha, wisdom does arise,
Three characteristics, profound and wise.
Let me weave them in verses, clear and true,
Impermanence, suffering, and non-self, I'll share with you.

Impermanence, the dance of life's embrace,
Like shifting sands, it leaves no trace.
From dawn to dusk, and season to season,
All things change, without rhyme or reason.

Flowers bloom, then fade away,
As night turns to dawn, and day to gray.
With every breath, moments fleet,
Impermanence reminds us, life is sweet.

Suffering, the noble truth we face,
In trials and tribulations, we find our place.
From physical pain to the ache within,
Suffering weaves a thread, where all begin.

Attachments bind, desires give birth,
Yet suffering teaches, the depths of our worth.
Through compassion's embrace, we find release,
In understanding suffering, our hearts find peace.

Non-self, the illusion of a separate "me",
A profound teaching that sets us free.
No fixed identity, no soul to claim,
We're but a ripple in the cosmic game.

Connected we are, in this grand tapestry,
No separate self, just interdependency.
Non-self reveals unity's sweet embrace,
As we let go, we find our place.

Impermanence, suffering, and non-self,
In these teachings, the Buddha's wisdom dwells.
Through understanding, compassion takes flight,
Guiding us towards liberation's light.

So let us contemplate these truths profound,
In each moment's whisper, let their essence resound.
With wisdom and love, let our hearts unfurl,
Embracing impermanence, suffering, and non-self in this precious world.
  12. @chazzat3113: I experience an attatchment in my relationship, I am attatched to the idea of how I think the relationship should be (e.g to have regular intimacy and to meet this ideal I have in my head) and in a sence I feel that this owns me as I find my self very distressed when reality dosent meet this idea and I try to create situations in which it dose, I want to practice this idea of letting go of this and allowing my partner to be completely free in what she wants to do and I want to allow the relationship to be free to change and be how it is without trying to get it to stay a particular way.
I feel like I understand attathment alot more after watching this video and I now understand it as a refusing to let go something (an unacceptance of impermanance), I even found my self becoming attatched to this video and not wanting it to end 😅.
Attatchment is a funny thing, great video
  13. @BloomwithEvaw: I've had to unattach from someone that goes from girl to girl giving them promises and can't follow through.  He connected with someone else, and I've carried the raft for 8 months now and accept there is nothing more I can do than stop trying to be more than friends.  It hurts but letting him go feels freeing for me as well.
  14. @josephquezada6138: sounds like stoicism.
  15. @cosima7357: Herzensdank <3
  16. @fernandoorozco5968: Thank you
  17. @sajeevanand7196: Precious...
  18. @Mental_Health_Pilgrim: I have studied the Vedic texts for years from all sorts of angles and Noah just cuts right through all the complexities and teaches the fundamental core essence of these principles.
  19. @devotedtravelers: Thank you for this podcast!
  20. @anxietymthfrbiochemistrysu6860: Love everything you said.

- The Unstoppable Power of Letting Go | Non-Attachment - a Buddhist Philosophy: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Ascension Arc. Today we're diving into a powerful concept, Buddhism and the power of non-attachment, a path to freedom. In this video, we'll explore what non-attachment truly means. We'll discuss its role in Buddhism and how it can transform your life. You'll learn practical ways to apply non-attachment in your daily routine. We'll also uncover the benefits of letting go and how to cultivate this essential practice. Have you ever felt weighed down by your desires or clung tightly to an outcome? Imagine finding true freedom by simply letting go. That's the essence of non-attachment. To truly grasp the essence of non-attachment, let's start by understanding what it really means in the context of Buddhism. So what exactly is non-attachment? In simple terms, non-attachment is the ability to let go of your desires. It means not clinging to specific outcomes. You pursue your goals, but you remain open to whatever happens. However, non-attachment is not the same as in difference. In difference means you don't care. Non-attachment, on the other hand, is about caring without being overly attached. You can care deeply but still let go when needed. Why is non-attachment so important in Buddhism? It's a central tenet for achieving spiritual freedom. By letting go of attachments, you reduce suffering. It's often lead to pain and disappointment. In Buddhist philosophy, non-attachment helps you stay present. It allows you to experience life fully without being hindered by clinging desires. This leads to a more peaceful and liberated existence. With a clear understanding of non-attachment, let's delve into how this concept fits into the foundational teachings of Buddhism. To grasp it deeply, we need to explore the four noble truths. These truths are the foundation of Buddhist teaching. They provide a roadmap to end suffering and achieve enlightenment. The first noble truth is the truth of suffering. Life is filled with suffering and dissatisfaction. This suffering is universal and affects everyone. The second noble truth explains the cause of suffering. It is our attachments and desires that lead to pain. When we cling to things, we set ourselves up for disappointment. The third noble truth offers hope. It tells us that suffering can end. By letting go of our attachments, we can find peace. The fourth noble truth is the path to the cessation of suffering. This path is known as the eightfold path. It is a guide to living a life free from attachments and suffering. Now how does non-attachment fit into these truths? Non-attachment is directly connected to the second and third noble truths. By letting go of our desires and attachments, we address the root cause of suffering. This act of releasing is what allows suffering to cease. Furthermore, the eightfold path provides practical steps to cultivate non-attachment. Two key aspects are right mindfulness and right concentration. Right mindfulness helps us stay aware of our thoughts and attachments. Right concentration allows us to focus deeply and let go of distractions. These practices guide us to live in the present moment. They help us detach from the past and future. By doing so, we create space for inner peace and freedom. Understanding these fundamental truths helps us see how non-attachment can be applied in our everyday lives. There are three main areas to focus on. Letting go of desires, letting go of outcomes, and letting go of materialism. First, let's talk about letting go of desires. Desires are natural, but they can create strong attachments. When we crave something, we become attached to having it. This attachment can lead to disappointment and suffering if things don't go as planned. By letting go of excessive desires, we reduce the power they have over us. This doesn't mean you stop wanting things, but you learn to desire without clinging. Next, let's discuss letting go of outcomes. Often, we focus too much on specific results. We set goals and expect everything to turn out a certain way. This fixation can cause stress and anxiety. Instead, try to focus on the process. Enjoy each step of your journey without being attached to the end result. This shift in focus brings more peace and flexibility into your life. Finally, let's explore letting go of materialism. In today's world, it's easy to get attached to material possessions. We believe that owning more things will make us happier. But materialism often leads to clutter and distraction. By reducing our attachment to possessions, we create a more liberated and peaceful life. Embrace minimalism by keeping only what you truly need and cherish. Applying non-attachment in these areas helps you live more freely. It allows you to experience life without unnecessary burdens. By letting go, you make space for true happiness and inner peace. To truly understand non-attachment, let's look at some real world examples. First, let's explore historical figures known for their non-attached lifestyles. The Buddha himself is a prime example. He renounced his royal life to seek enlightenment. By letting go of his desires and attachments, he found true peace. Stoic philosophers also embraced non-attachment. Marcus Aurelius, a Roman emperor, practiced detachment from external events. Senika taught the importance of controlling our reactions. Not the circumstances. Moving to modern day applications, minimalism is a popular movement that embodies non-attachment. People who adopt minimalism let go of excess possessions. They focus on what truly matters, creating a more peaceful and intentional life. In relationships and careers, letting go of the need to control outcomes exemplifies non-attachment. Instead of clinging to how things should be, individuals remain open to whatever unfolds. This approach reduces stress and fosters healthier, more resilient connections. These modern practices show that non-attachment is not just an ancient idea. It's a practical approach that fits seamlessly into today's world. By letting go, we can navigate life's challenges with greater ease and grace. These examples show that embracing non-attachment can lead to profound benefits in our lives. Now, let's explore the benefits of practicing non-attachment. These benefits can transform your life in meaningful ways. We'll look at three key areas. Inner peace and reduced stress, greater emotional resilience, and enhanced freedom and flexibility. First, inner peace and reduced stress. When you let go of attachments, your mind becomes calmer. You're no longer weighed down by constant desires and fears. This leads to a more peaceful and serene state of being. Without the burden of attachment, stress levels naturally decrease. You can navigate life's challenges with a tranquil mind. Next, greater emotional resilience. Non-attachment helps you handle life's ups and downs with grace. When you're not overly attached to specific outcomes, setbacks don't affect you as deeply. You become more adaptable and better able to recover from adversity. This resilience allows you to maintain emotional balance, no matter what happens. Finally, enhanced freedom and flexibility. Letting go of attachments gives you a sense of freedom. You're not confined by rigid expectations or the need to control everything. This flexibility allows you to embrace change and seize new opportunities. You can live more spontaneously and authentically, free from unnecessary burdens. When you practice non-attachment, you open yourself up to a more liberated and joyful life. You gain the ability to flow with life's changes effortlessly. This freedom enriches your experiences and deepens your sense of fulfillment. These benefits show how powerful non-attachment can be. By letting go, you create space for peace, resilience, and true freedom in your life. Now that we've seen the benefits, you might be wondering how to start cultivating non-attachment in your own life. There are three main approaches, mindfulness and meditation, developing awareness of your attachments, and daily habits to foster non-attachment. First, mindfulness and meditation practices. These techniques help you become more aware of your thoughts and feelings. Start by setting aside a few minutes each day to sit quietly. Focus on your breath and observe your thoughts without judgment. This practice trains your mind to notice when you are becoming attached. Over time, mindfulness helps you let go of these attachments naturally. Next, develop an awareness of your attachments. Take time to identify what you are attached to. It could be desires, outcomes, or material possessions. acknowledge these attachments without criticism. Understanding what you are attached to is the first step in letting go. Ask yourself why you hold on to these things and how they affect your life. Finally, incorporate daily habits to foster non-attachment. Start by practicing gratitude every day. Focus on what you have rather than what you lack. Accept situations as they are without trying to control every outcome. Let go of the need to dictate how things should unfold. These small habits build a foundation for a non-attached mindset. Letting go of control can be challenging, but it brings immense freedom. By integrating these practices into your routine, you gradually cultivate non-attachment. This transformation leads to a more peaceful and liberated life. Cultivating non-attachment is a journey, not a destination. Be patient with yourself as you develop these new habits. With consistent effort, non-attachment becomes a natural part of who you are. As you begin to practice non-attachment, you might encounter some misunderstandings. It's important to clear up these common misconceptions. First, let's address the idea that non-attachment is the same as apathy. Non-attachment is not apathy. Apathy means you don't care about anything. Non-attachment, however, means you care deeply without clinging. You can feel compassion and love without becoming overly attached to specific outcomes. This balance allows you to care for others while maintaining your own peace. Next, let's talk about balancing attachment and engagement. It's possible to stay engaged in life without being overly attached to results. You can pursue your goals with passion and dedication. At the same time, you remain open to whatever happens. This approach keeps you motivated without the stress of needing things to turn out a certain way. Maintaining motivation and passion is another area where misconceptions arise. Some fear that non-attachment might dampen their drive or enthusiasm, but in reality, non-attachment can enhance your motivation. When you're not fixated on specific outcomes, you can pursue your passions more freely. This freedom allows your motivation to flow naturally, supporting sustained effort and creativity. By understanding these distinctions, you can embrace non-attachment without losing your passion or care. Non-attachment empowers you to engage fully in life while maintaining inner peace. It's about finding harmony between caring and letting go. These clarifications show that non-attachment is not about withdrawing from life. Instead, it's about participating in life with a clear and open heart. You remain connected and engaged, but without the burden of excessive attachment. Even with a clear understanding, the path to non-attachment can present certain challenges, which we'll explore next. Embarking on the path of non-attachment is rewarding, but it comes with its own set of challenges. Understanding these obstacles is the first step to overcoming them. Let's explore some common challenges you might face on this journey. One major obstacle is the fear of loss. Letting go can trigger anxiety about losing what you cherish. This fear can make it hard to release attachments. Another challenge is dealing with change. Change is inevitable, but it can be unsettling. Embracing non-attachment means accepting that change is a natural part of life. Lastly, the unknown can be daunting, stepping into uncertainty without clinging to specific outcomes requires courage and trust. So, how can you navigate these challenges? Here are some practical strategies to help you overcome obstacles on the path to non-attachment. First, seek support from others. Connecting with like-minded individuals can provide encouragement and understanding. Sharing your experiences helps you feel less alone in your journey. Next, practice gradually. Start by letting go of small attachments before tackling bigger ones. This gradual approach makes the process less overwhelming and more manageable. Lastly, cultivate self-compassion. Be patient and gentle with yourself as you navigate this path. Understand that setbacks are a natural part of growth. Treat yourself with the same kindness you would offer a friend. Remember, overcoming these challenges takes time and effort. Stay committed to your practice of non-attachment. With persistence, you'll find it easier to let go and embrace a more peaceful life. Encouragement is key. Stay patient and persistent in your journey. Every step you take towards non-attachment brings you closer to inner freedom and peace. As we wrap up today's discussion, let's recap the key points we've covered. We began by defining non-attachment as the ability to let go of desires and not cling to specific outcomes. We explored its central role in Buddhist philosophy, particularly through the four noble truths and the eightfold path. We then delved into practical applications, such as letting go of desires, outcomes, and materialism. Real-world examples from historical figures and modern-day practices illustrated how non-attachment can transform lives. We also highlighted the benefits, including inner peace, emotional resilience, and enhanced freedom. Finally, we discussed how to cultivate non-attachment and address common misconceptions and challenges along the way. Now it's time to take action. I encourage you to start implementing non-attachment in your daily life. Begin with small steps, like practicing mindfulness or letting go of minor attachments. As you gradually incorporate these habits, you'll experience greater freedom and peace. Remember, non-attachment is a journey. Be patient with yourself and stay committed to your practice. If you found this video helpful, please give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to AscensionArc for more insights on spirituality, Buddhism, and personal growth. And we'd love to hear from you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kristinadevine707: Get some men narrators.  More believable...
  2. @pubudujinadasa7556: Good stuff . Tx
  3. @Radwinskee: ❤
  4. @tincho4996: Excellent presentation. Thanks so much.

- The Benefits Of Non Attachment (& How To Start): Kind: captions Language: en what's up YouTube Welcome Back to infinite growth today's video is going to be on nonattachment now nonattachment has been one of the most beneficial things in my entire life the amount of growth and relaxation and just change of mindset the amount of progress that I've had from applying this it's almost too hard to word but I'm going to tell you a story from my first time it's it felt like I snapped into a different state of consciousness right so I went skateboarding in a park near my house and I had my headphones on and my iPod in my pocket and I'm skating hanging out probably an hour goes by I take it out of my pocket because it was hurting my leg I leave it on the bench and then I leave the park and it was until about four blocks away when I realized I left it on the bench and something just kind of clicked in that moment where I I just said that's all right I lost it I just left it there I could have easily skated back and went and got it but I just chose to let it go and I had no knowledge of nonattachment or anything of the nature it was just instinctual I think I had lost a a bunch of things maybe in the past and I just kind of got fed up with it and that was like me finding a solution to the problem at a young age and once I did that it just shifted my mindset I no longer was just hung up and attached to all these things so many different situations with people and things and like to use this term sticky cuz you just get very sticky like you're always holding on to things or exactly what somebody says the exact words or the date and time and I got to save every receipt or just those things are sticky right and what non-attachment does is pretty much puts you back in touch with that everything in this world is fleeting including yourself and it puts you back on on Pace with that truth of life and you just begin to feel weightless it just changes your entire psyche and you're able just to just be relaxed so I'm going to give you guys a tip just to start this procedure and it's just give away something at least once a day right so don't go insane right off the bat but just give something away and make it something that means something to you you know not something pointless it has to have meaning to you that you don't want to let it go right and you're just going to begin to feel a lot better A lot lighter and by the way don't do this for to expect a compliment right because that's a big mistake people do they'll they'll do it and it's it's not the same when you're expecting something it's still you doing for yourself and being selfish you have to want nothing in return just out of the blue just give it away to somebody and just keep giving keep giving give Smiles give laughter open up just give in all ways continue to give continue to give give till it hurts just keep giving and then once you'll cross a certain barrier where you'll go inwards and you want to eventually you'll give away your hatred your anger your you know like aversion and things those qualities that we have you'll just start giving those away too because you'll just want to start purifying yourself and you'll you'll get caught up in how light and amazing you'll feel so you you guys give this a shout at home let me know your progress leave a comment in the section below and I'll see you guys soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @sansoh2852 [8 likes]: i think the root cause of human suffering is attachment. 
this is something i am going to start practicing.
thank you for this video!
  2. @delaurawilliams6339 [1 likes]: I've been practicing this for a while now. It gave me a whole new sense of freedom. I suffered a big loss, financially and personally. took me a while to get over it, but I did when I detached myself from the things and worry.
  3. @clivealcaraz_musicculture8338: You should do more videos! (Please:)
  4. @patoudesormeaux566: Genuinely refreshing,!

- Stop Trying to Get It And You'll Have It | The Backwards Law: Kind: captions Language: en What if we’d try not to think of a pink elephant. This probably won’t work. Because as soon as the pink elephant appears in our minds, it’s impossible to get rid of it by consciously not thinking about it. And the more we try to get rid of it, the more it persists. The elephant simile is commonly used to show how difficult it is to get rid of intrusive thoughts by force. But we could also use this simile as a metaphor for how we approach dissatisfaction with life. The pink elephant, in this case, represents our general dissatisfaction, which may manifest as negative emotions like sadness, stress, anger, or boredom. Ironically, the more we try to be less dissatisfied, the more dissatisfied we become. So could it be that this inclination to be so invested in becoming free from dissatisfaction, trying to be happy, trying to be content, is exactly the reason we aren’t? Here we see the paradox of willpower, which is the basis of ‘the law of reversed effort’ also referred to as ‘the backwards law’ by philosopher Alan Watts. The backwards law proposes that the more we pursue something, the more we achieve the opposite of what we truly want and the more disappointed we feel. Or simply put: the harder we try, the less likely we’ll succeed. On the flip side: when we stop trying, we’ll have what we want. So, if we want to stop thinking about the pink elephant, in this case, giving up our struggle and letting our ‘desire to get rid of it’ dry out is the paradoxical solution Instead of trying to remove the elephant from our thoughts forcefully, we let it dissipate by itself by leaving it alone. Now, how exactly does this backwards law work in practice? Or more specifically: how exactly do we get what we want, by not trying to get what we want? This video explores the backwards law and its paradoxical nature, as well as the cause of our ongoing dissatisfaction in life, and how we can liberate ourselves from it. How can we get what we want without trying to get it? This seems like an impossible and absurd way to operate; especially in a world where we’re used to striving and putting effort into getting what we wish. Willpower is a viable solution to obtain things in the external world. For example, if we want to get rich (in the monetary sense), it most likely takes effort to obtain a certain amount of money that’ll classify us as ‘rich’. And if we wish to run a marathon, we’ll need to put in the necessary effort to build our stamina up to the point that we can run such a long distance. But the backwards law isn’t so much not about worldly achievements - if anything, it transcends them. It’s about getting what we really, truly want. It’s the shortcut to the holy grail; the thing we’re all after; the goodie. But what is it? Is it wealth? Is it love? Is it friendship? Is it a long and healthy life? Even though such things are pleasurable; they’re just cheap imitations of the real thing. They are the things that we believe will lead us to what we seek. But, as the backwards law makes clear, the more we seek, the less we find. The more we chase these outside circumstances, the further we’ll be removed from what we truly desire. So, what do we desire? Do we desire happiness? And if so, what is happiness? Is it something that we acquire through things like love and material possessions? According to Alan Watts, we don’t know what we truly want because we cannot define it. I quote: “Why don’t you really know what you want? Two reasons that you don’t really know what you want. Number one: you have it. Number two: you don’t know yourself, because you never can. The Godhead is never an object of its own knowledge, just as a knife doesn’t cut itself, fire doesn’t burn itself, light doesn’t illuminate itself.” End quote. So, could it be that what we seek is obscured by our search for it? And that we’re searching for something that we cannot define? But if that’s the case: why do we keep searching? The human predicament is a collective delusion which tells us that obtaining external things or changing external circumstances, from objects to money, to adjustments of the body to changes of scenery, will fundamentally release us from our sense of lack. The backwards law shows us that the opposite is the case. We feel lacking because of our discontent with current circumstances. The greater our discontent, the more we suffer. The greater change we need to be content, the less content we are. Imagine that you’ve set yourself a goal, which is that you want to become a millionaire, believing that this will make you happy. Setting such a goal not only means that it takes a lot of effort to reach contentment; it also means that being so far removed from that goal makes you unhappy because you realize how inadequate you are compared to what you want to be. Or how bestselling author Mark Manson put it: [..] pursuing something only reinforces the fact that you lack it in the first place. The more you desperately want to be rich, the more poor and unworthy you feel, regardless of how much money you actually make. So, if you’d increase the amount of money necessary to be happy, you’ll feel even more inadequate and subsequently more miserable. But if you’d significantly lower the threshold, your feeling of inadequacy will decrease, as the goalpost is moved much closer to where you are. Nevertheless, we still choose to set the bar high; oftentimes far above our current position, and by doing so our feeling of inadequacy is deep and persisting. The human tendency to continually pursue more as a cure for the itch, while simultaneously maintaining that itch by that very pursuit, seems illogical. And that’s precisely the case according to German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer. Schopenhauer concluded that we want what we want because, like anything else in the universe, we are representations of the will-to-live or, simply, the will. Schopenhauer argued that the ‘will’ is an illogical, directionless, continual striving that causes us to live a life of suffering that cannot be ended by anything that the world has to offer. Because of this, we pathologically want more than we need, driven by an incessant sense of lack. The mind perceives lack because it believes that the present moment is not enough; something is missing, but it doesn’t know what. And thus, we keep escaping what is, into situations that we perceive as more pleasurable. But when we get there, we eventually find ourselves in the same dissatisfied state that we tried to escape. Schopenhauer stated, and I quote: “Thus also every keen pleasure is an error and an illusion, for no attained wish can give lasting satisfaction.” According to Schopenhauer, the will is why we strive; the will is why we seek. But following it never satisfies, because the will itself is the very thing that keeps us from getting what we want. Schopenhauer argued that the only way to be truly content is the negation of the will, which leads to a blissful, empty state, free of striving. In other words: stop trying to get it and you’ll have it. He does not store, and therefore he has a superabundance; he looks solitary, but has a multitude around him. In his conducting of himself he is easy and leisurely and wastes nothing. He does nothing, and laughs at the clever and ingenious. Men all seek for happiness, but he feels complete in his imperfect condition. Accept imperfection and you feel perfect. Accept loneliness and you feel content alone. Try to be perfect and you’re imperfect. Try not to be lonely, and you’re miserable by yourself. Accepting a negative experience is a positive experience. But fighting a negative experience means that you suffer twice. “When you try to stay on the surface of the water, you sink; but when you try to sink, you float,” Alan Watts stated. In the same way, when you try to fall asleep, your effort will keep you awake. Only when you stop trying, you’ll doze off. And when you hold your breath, you’ll lose it. But when you let it go, it continues on its own. When we stop trying to be happy, we’ll be happy because there’s nothing we need beyond what is. When we stop trying to be rich, we’ll live in abundance because we’re content with what we have and anything on top of that is a bonus. Thus, the only way to have what we want is not to want it. And that’s what the backwards law teaches us. There’s a Zen-story that illustrates this paradoxical idea by explaining how we can clear cloudy water. Imagine there’s a pond with cloudy water and we want to see its floor. We can stir the water or try to remove the cloudiness with our hands, but this won’t work. The only way to see its floor is by doing nothing until the cloudiness subsides and the water is clear. The cloudiness represents our desires, our thoughts, our dissatisfaction. The stirring in the water and attempts to remove the cloudiness represent our grasping for happiness. ‘Seeing the floor’ represents contentment, which only happens when we leave the water alone and let the cloudiness subside by itself. Hence, stop trying to get it and you’ll have it. Being aware of the workings of the backwards law doesn’t mean that we should never set goals, never have ambitions, or never pursue change. There’s probably an endless amount of reasons why we should make a change, and shouldn’t accept the status quo. However, the backwards law does teach us not to be fooled by the idea that the pursuit of happiness leads to happiness. It’s quite the opposite. And with that knowledge, we’re able to enter that blissful state of ‘not wanting’ a bit more often. Because, as Alan Watts stated: “The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced.” Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenneth6847: I dreamed of being a great horseman my whole life. Finally, later in life,  I rode my first horse. It got away from me and I was almost killed. Thankfully the Walmart door greeter unplugged it.
  2. @Solitude-b7n: I think a lot of people misunderstand “letting go.”

Most people who say “just stop chasing and it’ll come to you” are usually attractive, talented, lucky, or already socially accepted.

If an unattractive broke guy “lets go,” society doesn’t magically reward him with love or success. He just becomes invisible more peacefully.

Sometimes the problem isn’t attachment.
Sometimes life is genuinely unfair.
  3. @lizjoice743: ❤
  4. @TheEvoraEffect: thank youu
  5. @seirc5876: Didn't you TRY to write for this video and create the visuals for this content? Didn't you TRY to read about certain subjects and put together coherent passages from books or your understanding to create your channel? Or, did you not try AT ALL?
  6. @antonioerazo2467: 7:44 - The negation of the will
  7. @PsychostoicMind: Letting go is so powerful!
  8. @StoicPowerMethod: Letting go really seems to help!
  9. @TheSeroto: A few things that really clicked for me in this one:
- the harder you try to force a feeling, the further it staysaway.
- we keep changing the scenery thinking it’ll fix the "itch inside. It never does.
- The pond metaphor is perfect. uou can't clear the water by moving it around.
The real lesson for me: contentment isn't a trophy you win, it's just what happens when you stop fighting the present moment. Definitely something to think about today.
  10. @mofopeolaleye8187: Basically, if you stop trying to avoid a negative experience and instead accept it, you'll feel better about your life. Is that all?
  11. @MadhanaGopal8072: I want my covid vaccine eliminate from my body , this trick can help that? 😢
  12. @DvirPeri1: Yeah but it's quite f**ked up to think that if you want something = you're not likely to get it, and if you don't want something = you'll probably get it.
Like, each side here doesn't get what it wants.
What's even the point?
  13. @luckyplier: fuck.. this video saves lives.
  14. @StoicMindsetLab-US: Letting go sounds so freeing!
  15. @preciousobaro3233: You can be happy, content, and fulfill without having material things or achieving your goals and your attempt to be happy and fulfilled by achieving your goals only makes you more unhappy. If you just be happy now and content then you can more easily achieve your goals. By stop trying to have it, you get it.
  16. @StoicQuietStorm: Letting go seems so freeing!
  17. @TheKingChino: 🩶
  18. @Nick-cy2tn: "He who goes to bed with itchy bum, wake up with smelly finger:
  19. @Psychovero-1: Letting go really is the key.
  20. @militarytankchewer: saiteru fanfic cough cough

- How to Get What You Want By Letting Go [The Backwards Law]: Kind: captions Language: en-US (light music) - In Navy SEAL training there is something called drownproofing, where they bind your hands behind your back, tie your feet together, and drop you into a nine-foot pool. (quirky music) Your job is to survive for five minutes. Now, like Navy SEAL training, in general, most people who attempt drownproofing fail at it, but some people make it, and they do so because they understand two counterintuitive lessons. The first lesson of drownproofing is paradoxical. The more you struggle to keep your head above water, the more likely you are to sink and drown. See, the trick to drownproofing is to actually let yourself sink. You let yourself sink to the bottom of the pool and then you push yourself off the bottom to come back to the top where you gain another breath and you repeat the cycle over again. So in a strange way, drownproofing doesn't require you to have superhuman strength or an insane endurance. In fact, you don't even have to know how to swim. On the contrary, drownproofing actually requires that you know how to not swim. The second lesson of drownproofing is the more you panic, the more likely you are to burn oxygen and energy, and the more likely you are to fall unconscious. In a sick and twisted way, the exercise turns your survival mechanisms against you. And if you think about it, the skill that drownproofing demands, the ability to give yourself up to some higher cause, the ability to relinquish control in the face of death, the ability to let go under the most stressful and trying circumstances, it makes sense why this is part of Navy SEAL training. And in this video, I wanna argue that this is not only an important skill for the Navy SEALs. I wanna argue that it's an important skill for life. (film reel clicking) Most people assume that the relationship between effort and reward is one to one. We think that working twice as long, we will get twice as much done. We think that we spend twice as much time with somebody, they will feel twice as loved. But here's the thing, most things in life actually don't exist on a linear curve. In fact, linear curves only exist for mindless rote, repetitive tasks like filling out paperwork or driving a car, or making widgets in a factory. In all these cases, somebody who does it for two hours is going to likely double the output of somebody who does it for one hour. The linear curve doesn't work for life because most of life's activities aren't simple. They're not rote or repetitive or mindless. They are actually complex and emotionally or psychologically demanding. You adapt and evolve, and circumstances change, and this is what makes life so complicated. Therefore, most activities in life actually exist on something called a diminishing returns curve. Diminishing returns means that the more you experience something, the less rewarding it becomes. The classic example here is productivity. Working for two hours is probably going to be twice as productive as working for one. Working for four might be twice as productive as two. Working for eight, probably not. And working for 16 hours is definitely not twice as productive as working for eight. The concept of diminishing returns applies for experiences that are complex and novel. Think of the number of showers you take in a day, the number of chicken wings you eat for lunch, the number of times you have sex in a week, the number of countries you've visited in your lifetime. Friendships also operate on a diminishing returns curve. If you only have one friend, having two is probably life-changing. If you have two friends, having four or five is probably a little bit better, but having 10 probably starts to get annoying. As I said, sex has diminishing returns, as does eating, as does drinking, as does partying, as does traveling, as does reading books, hiring employees, scheduling business meetings, studying for an exam, masturbating, staying up late to play video games. The examples are endless because the amount of complex and novel experiences we can have are also endless. But there's another curve to human experience and it's probably a curve you've never seen or thought of before. That's because I come up with this shit. Let's call it the inverted curve. The inverted curve is the bizarre twilight zone of effort-reward curves where every increasing amount of effort towards an experience actually makes it worse. That is the more effort you put into doing something, the more you will fail to do it. Now, this might sound insane and completely irrational, but drownproofing, I would argue, is one of the few activities that exists on an inverted curve. Now, if you sit and think really hard, you could probably come up with a handful of other human activities: meditation, dancing, trying to impress people. But for all intents and purposes, most things in life, the more you try at 'em, the better you get. So what's the big deal? Well, I would argue that the importance of the inverted curve is when it comes to experiences that only exist within our own minds. And because everything else we experience in life is interpreted through the experiences we have in our own minds, I would argue that understanding inverted curves is extremely fucking important. So let's review really quick. For simple, mindless, repetitive tasks, effort and reward tend to have a linear relationship. The more time you spend in the car, the further you get. For complex, novel experiences that involve social relationships, creativity, new experiences, they tend to have a diminishing relationship between effort and reward. That is a diminishing curve. And then for emotional and psychological experiences that only exist inside our own minds, that is where the inverted curve kicks in. The more you pursue happiness, the further away from it you get. The more you try to feel confident, the more you question yourself and feel insecure. The more you wish to be loved, the more your neediness repels people around you. The constant desire to be free from constraints is itself a constraint. Aldous Huxley once wrote, "The harder we try with the conscious will to do something, the less we shall succeed. Proficiency and results come only to those who have learned the paradoxical art of doing and not doing, or combining relaxation with activity." The most fundamental components of our psychology operate in this way. This is because when we consciously desire a particular state of mind, we inadvertently create the opposite state of mind. So it's by wanting to be happy that we remind ourselves that we are not happy. It's wanting to be confident we are not confident. It's by wanting to be loved that we don't feel love. The inverted curve, at its core, is the backwards law that I describe in chapter one of "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck." "Desiring a positive experience is itself a negative experience, and the acceptance of a negative experience is itself a positive experience." But this extends to most, if not, all of our mental health and relationships. Whether it's our desire to feel more happiness, confidence, control, satisfaction, security, novelty, all of these things, by wanting them, we simply move ourselves further away from them. It's by wanting to stay on the surface of our satisfaction that we only cause ourselves to plunge deep into the water. These internal psychological experiences exist on an inverted curve because they are both the cause and effect of the same thing: the mind. When you desire happiness, your mind is both the thing that desires and the thing that is desired. When it comes to these lofty, abstract goals, our mind is like a dog that, after successfully chasing and catching all sorts of other things in its life, has decided to turn on its own tail and try to catch its tail. I mean, why not? Chasing things has worked for everything else in life. Why wouldn't it work for happiness or confidence or security? But a dog can never catch her own tail. The more she chases, the more the tail seems to run away. That's because the dog lacks the perspective to understand that she and the tail are the same thing. The goal is to take your mind, a wonderful tool that has spent its life chasing many, many things, and teach it to stop chasing its own tail; to teach it to achieve what it desires by giving up what it desires; to show it that the only way to reach the surface is to let itself sink. And how do we do this? You do this by relinquishing control, not because you feel powerless, but because you are powerful, because you have decided to let go of things that are beyond your control. You decide to accept that sometimes people will not like you but you engage with them anyway; that sometimes you will not feel confident, but you do the thing anyway; that sometimes you will not be happy, but you'll get out of bed anyway. You decide to accept that most of the things you do in your life will result in failure. And not only is that okay, it's the only way to get back to the surface to breathe to do it again. (water sloshing) (swimmer panting) (waves lapping)

  Top Comments:
  1. @HridoyHasan-z9h: Free cheers for mark mason,heep heep hurray!
  2. @Cunegonde1492: Excellent. 🎉
  3. @IcherzähldirwieFrauenticken: Männer müssen dir immer erklären wie es geht.
  4. @marrrrtax: I can't describe you how clearly you made me see
  5. @cavalierdecoupe: This was transformational
  6. @timmyboi2865: Thank sir, your words truly helped 🙏
  7. @jay-koh-sahn: Mark, create content like this again. You can even reproduce these in better versions. But don't produce the things that suck, that you're currently doing rn.
  8. @blueberriesrfine5538: Music is too loud
  9. @javieroviedo3815: Toda la crema amigo
  10. @chriswallace7568: "The linear curve" is a contradiction
  11. @rachelpaterson1008: Oh how funny … just listening to your book on audible … been laughing myself cross eyed 😂 your good ❤
  12. @Sas1256x: I find this video to be word salad level useless. ‘Stop caring about things you care about!’

Thanks, super helpful.
  13. @ClareBuoyant: Have you ever NOTICED that, in the saying: "If at first you don't succeed, try try again," the word TRY is repeated, NOT the word AGAIN. In other words, they aren't saying "Try again and again.." Continuing to attempt the same thing over and over again that one has already failed at while hoping for or expecting different results the third or thirty-third time around is quite ABSURD. If at first you don't succeed, try again. And, if after trying agian you STILL don't succeed, crack open a can of beer and say: "FUCK IT!"
  14. @MartaRosFerrer: That music while you're talking is SO ANNOYING. Do you not want us to listen to you?
  15. @timsmith8506: I never thought sex would have diminishing returns and then I tried several partners in a day and it began to feel like work…..then there was this one time I fell asleep.
  16. @bphennesy: Sounds very Zen like.
  17. @AbiShake-x3w: Dude cut the fucking music man
  18. @teahleonful: Brilliant! Thank you! 🩷🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  19. @davidx4763: Measuring the amount of sex one gets on the scale of a week (instead of years) tells me I need to get more action.
  20. @realthing1859: Yes, the essential is to be relaxed, whatever you do. It means to be confident. It''s very powerful. Mark seem so pretty relaxed here I see.

- Stop Trying to Find It And You’ll Have It - Alan Watts On The Backwards Law: Kind: captions Language: en you always get what you want invariably even though you may think that it's entirely opposed to your wishes everything that comes to you is a return to you of what goes out of you yes obviously that's absurd if you can find the definition of yourself to your voluntary conscious Behavior that's a ridiculous definition of oneself oneself by any any stretch of the imagination must involve far more than the conscious and voluntary aspects of our Behavior [Music] and if we see that it involves intimately and inescapably the behavior of what we call the other the not self the environment and see that these two are moving together like the two sides of the snake when it swims then you get a very curious feeling you have to be careful of it when you get this sensation that the two sides of the world the inside and the outside are moving together you may think I am ruling it I am God in the western sense of the word therefore your ego instead of being as it were integrated and uh transcended with all this process merely assumes vast Dimensions has megalomania is blown up by the mystical experience and so you get the holier than thou people going around who seem to think that they're above all human conventions and have no obligations to anyone or anything because they're Divine and they can do as they damn please that what they haven't realized is that doing as you will isn't a new kind of behavior that you suddenly put on and stay from now on I'm going to go around doing as I will you have to realize first that that's what you've always been doing and you can look at this from a very simple point of view but you can say well now what about the people who who did good and who did the things that they didn't want to do well what about that well you can always say the kid debate the mother and did the thing that it didn't like because that was the better part of wisdom in other words if he'd hadn't done that something worse would have happened and we choose the lesser of two evils and when you find yourself in a situation where you have to choose the lesson of two evils then you say I want out of here and you take the easiest way you take the line of least resistance and the second thing is if you think then that everything that happens to everybody is what they really want to happen then you can absolve yourself from any qualms about being unkind to someone because you could say well the unkindness I did you was what you really wanted wasn't it we're all doing that but we managed to remain unconscious of it so that we can praise and blame and play the game which says that's not my fault that's your fault and so we go around the portioning faults to everybody because if we're going to apportion praise for what the good things people do you can't make praise mean anything unless you also go around blaming now you you can pursue that more profoundly when you stop thinking about human behavior as something that responds to the compulsion of an environment and you can get out of that when you see the behavior of the environment as an essential aspect of you this point of view can be understood if we clarify the initial problems we have about it and I suppose the first problem is if we accept the notion that everything that happens to us is our own Karma our own doing then we have to be very careful of shall we say the devil of omnipotence of inflation of feeling that your ego is what is in control of all this you get in the state of liberated or mystical Consciousness you very often feel that a hill is lifting you up as you walk up it the ground seems to heave beneath your feet and up you go and you'll get this strange feeling of lightness of effortlessness Walking on Air never occur you know this wonderful sense that there are no obstructions anywhere there's nothing as it were banging you and making you do that it all flows together that's a very common sense that's you are actually in that state of consciousness you are perceiving the goings-on the Dao the course of nature in the way it's happening but in the ordinary way you've been conditioned to resist it to fight it and to use those sensations of resistance to create a sensory basis for what you describe as the ego the ego in practice is a sense of strain when you are aware of I you are aware of this basic discomfort which is located basically between the eyes when that tension ceases you discover immediately that the separate ego has disappeared and that what I refers to is simply the total Panorama of experience everything that's happening that's I praise and blame go together supposing everybody was acting in a praiseworthy way and we praised everybody for everything they'd get tired of it they wouldn't even notice it anymore so so long as you're going to get a kick out of being praised you've got to go around blaming too it's very simple but if you see the Folly of that that praising and blaming are just creating each other then you don't praise and you don't blame you just dig the whole thing and that's why when we encounter very great Sages you never hear them blame people and they very rarely praise anyone you try to start gossip in the presence of such a person and you make a derogatory comment about someone it's as if you had thrown a rock into a well and heard no splash and a funny feeling because that you get no response you get no agreement and if you praise somebody there is also likely nothing to be said except perhaps some remark that of course you're praising the Beloved in all its manifestations and this this disconcerts some people terribly I've always noticed that real sages never gossip never criticize because they understand so well the French saying two companies to understand all is to forgive all

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nelvalak [3 likes]: Remember peeps 
you’ve got here reading this ,,you’ve got a soul ,, I’ll give no praise but you will give all, so I say ,,I thank you for all you’ve done
  2. @alejrandom6592 [2 likes]: Who else hates inpirational music put over actually good advice 🙋‍♂️
  3. @laurajane2919 [1 likes]: The music butchers it
  4. @CUNDUNDO [1 likes]: I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
Alan Wilson Watts
  5. @DebbieMarkham [1 likes]: 6:25 until the end.... is the awakening.. "If you praise someone, you're praising the beloved and all it's manifestations,  and... To understand all is to forgive all."
  6. @thankyouand3260 [1 likes]: Horribly loud music, destroyed it👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
  7. @victorcamargo6392 [1 likes]: Such wise words from an enlighted being and end up lost behind a stupid music background interfering with the deep message embebed in his words..........!
  8. @kenudomeltudo: Matthew 10:39
  9. @MadhanaGopal8072: Backwards law was true?
  10. @willosoof: To understand all is to forgive all. So powerful 😊❤
  11. @FisherKot: I hate the stock footage just play the audio
  12. @RalphC7: I have want I want right now, Blessed <3
  13. @peterdaly9989: How are you supposed to pursue goals 🤷🏼‍♂️ I'm confused
  14. @bettyhaines2570: 🤔🙃🤗💋💅👠🎩💃👋👽💦👁😘
  15. @Brian-qg9bm: "Everybody gets everything he wants. I wanted a mission, and for my sins, they gave me one. When it was over, I'd never want another." ~ Nobody F. Nothing, Esquire
  16. @Twindragon-tu1wd: He smoked and drank. Therefore I believe him . The saints that are not even human ? No sex , drugs or rock and roll? Masochists❤😂🎉 Moderation is the 🗝️
  17. @ProjectMetal-w7q: Messiah
  18. @geob8172: God's Words are :-
Seek and You will Find.
  19. @philliprobinson7724: Hi. "To understand all is to forgive all" agrees with Christian doctrine and theology, but according to Jesus there is "an unforgiveable sin". Therefore either Jesus did not understand everything, or Evelyn Waugh didn't know as much as he thought he did. Cheers, P.R.
  20. @AAA9549-w7w: I am begining like Watts. Eother desf or alive. That is important, Real  Avetar can do that.

- The Backward Law: Why Trying Harder Ruins Your Life: Kind: captions Language: en There is a specific feeling that I know you are familiar with. A feeling that likely haunts the background of your life like a low-grade fever. [music] It is the feeling of being in a Chinese finger trap. You know those little woven toys. You put your fingers in both ends and the harder you pull to get them out, the tighter the trap becomes. The more you struggle, the more [music] you are crushed. The only way to get your fingers out is to do the one thing that feels completely counterintuitive. You have to push in. You have to relax. You have to let go. [music] Life is exactly like that trap. And right now, most of you are pulling. [music] You are pulling at your career, desperate for it to move faster. You are pulling at your relationships, desperate [music] for them to be secure. You are pulling at your own self-image, desperate to be seen [music] as successful, attractive, or intelligent. You are living with a clenched jaw and a tightened chest, convinced [music] that if you just stress enough, if you just overthink enough if you just grip the steering wheel of your life hard enough, you will finally get where you want to go. But look around you. Look at your own history. Has the anxiety ever actually helped? Has the sleepless night ever actually prevented the bad outcome? Has the desperation ever actually made someone fall in love with you? Or has it done the opposite? There is a paradox at the heart of the human experience. a strange rule that seems to govern the universe. [music] It is this. The more you chase something, the faster it runs away. [music] The more you try to force people to like you, the less they respect you. The more you obsess over falling asleep, the more awake you become. This is the great irony of our existence. We live in a culture that worships effort. [music] We are told to grind, to hustle, to obsess, to manifest. We are told that caring is the ultimate virtue. But I am here to tell you that your carrying is not a virtue. It is a vice. In fact, your attachment to the outcome is the single heaviest weight you are carrying. It is the anchor that is dragging you to the bottom of the ocean. Today we are going to talk about the art of detachment. And I want to be very clear about what this is. This is not about apathy. This is not about sitting on the couch and doing nothing. This is not about becoming a cold, unfeilling robot. This is about understanding the physics of reality. This is about learning how to stop swimming upstream against a violent current and learning how to turn your boat around and let the river carry you. This is about the difference between a desperate amateur who flails in the water and drowns and the master swimmer who moves with the water and floats. If you are tired, not just physically tired, but soul tired. If you are exhausted from the constant oscillation between [music] hope and fear, between anxiety and relief, then this conversation is for you. We are going to dismantle the psychological machinery that keeps you stuck in the finger trap. And we are going to learn how to finally truly let go. To understand why we are so [music] attached, we first have to understand the philosophy of the backward law. The philosopher Alan Watts who brought Eastern [music] wisdom to the west in the mid- 20th century spoke about this endlessly. He said, "When you try to stay on the surface of the water, you sink. But when you [music] try to sink, you float." Think about the mechanics of that. When you are terrified of drowning, you thrash. You wave your arms. You gasp for air. And what happens? You swallow water. You exhaust [music] your oxygen. You sink. But if you relax your lungs, if you lean back, if you trust the physics of the water, the water holds you up. The universe operates on the same principle. [music] When you trust it, it holds you. When you fight it, it breaks you. But we are terrified to trust it. We have been conditioned since childhood to believe that worry is a form of work. Think about your parents. Think about how they showed love. For many of us, our parents showed love through worry. Call me when you get there. Be careful. [music] Did you study? We learned that worrying about someone is how you show you care about them. And so we started to worry about ourselves. We started to believe that if we weren't stressed about an exam, we would fail. If we weren't anxious about a job interview, [music] we wouldn't get it. We developed a superstition that anxiety is the fuel of success. But anxiety is not fuel. Anxiety is friction. [music] Imagine driving your car with the emergency brake pulled up. Can you still drive? Yes, but you have to [music] push the gas pedal to the floor. The engine screams, the tires smoke, you burn through fuel at twice the rate, [music] and you move half as fast. That is what you are doing when you live with attachment. [music] You are driving with the emotional break on. You are burning out your adrenals, your nervous system, and your mental clarity. All because you believe that the break is keeping [music] you safe. We cling to outcomes because we are trying to fill a void. This is the root of the pathology. We operate on a conditional model of happiness. [music] We tell ourselves stories that start with the word if. I will be happy if I get the promotion. I will be worth something if I have a partner. I will be secure if I have a million dollars in the bank. Do you see what you are doing? You are outsourcing your soul. [music] You are taking your internal state, your peace, your joy, your self-worth, and you are placing it in the hands of external agents. [music] You are giving the keys to your happiness to your boss, to the stock market, to a person you went on one date with, [music] to the algorithm of a social media app. And because you have handed over the keys, you are now terrified. You have to watch those people like a hawk. You have to control them. You have to manipulate them. You enter a state of hypervigilance. Hypervigilance is a biological state where your nervous system is stuck in fight or flight. You are constantly scanning the horizon for threats. You analyze every text message for hidden tones. You replay every conversation looking for mistakes. You check your email at 11 p.m. because you are afraid of a crisis. This is not living. This is surviving. You are acting like a soldier in a war zone. But there is no war. There is only life. And life was never meant to be a war. It was meant to be a dance. So, how do we stop the war? How do we retrieve the keys to our happiness? We have to go back to the ancient Stoics. 2,000 years ago, a slave named Epictitus became one of the greatest philosophers in Rome. As a slave, he had no control over his body. He had no control over his property. He could be beaten or killed on a whim. And yet, he was free. How? Because he mastered the dichotomy [music] of control. This is the razor that cuts through the chains of attachment. Epictitus taught that the world is divided into two categories. Things that are up to us and things that are not up to us. It sounds [music] simple, almost childishly simple. But if you actually apply it, it is radical. What is up to us? Our opinions, our impulses, our desires, [music] our own actions, our integrity, our effort. What is not up to us? Everything else. Our bodies because we can get sick or age. [music] Our property because it can be stolen or destroyed. Our reputation because that exists in the minds of others. The economy, the traffic, [music] the weather, the past, the future. The vast majority of your suffering comes from a single error in judgment. [music] You're trying to control the second category. You are trying to control what is not up to you. You are screaming at the traffic. You are angry at the weather. You are devastated by a comment someone made [music] about you. When you try to control the uncontrollable, you become a slave. If your peace of mind depends on your partner never changing, [music] you are a slave to your partner. If your confidence depends on winning every time, you are a slave to circumstance. The master of [music] detachment looks at the world and draws a circle around his own feet. He says, "I am the god of this circle. [music] Inside this circle, I control my effort, my attitude, and my response. Everything outside this circle is none of my business." This implies a level of coldness to some people, but it is actually the most loving thing you can do. Think about a relationship. When you are attached, you are not loving the person. You are consuming them. [music] You need them to behave in a certain way to make you feel safe. You become jealous, possessive, and controlling. You are saying you must fit into the script I have written for you. That is not love. That is hostage taking. Detachment allows you to look at the person and say, "I love you as you are. You are free [music] to stay and you are free to go. You are free to be yourself because my happiness does not depend on your compliance." That is a dangerous level of freedom. It makes you magnetic. [music] People run away from neediness, but they run toward freedom. When you no longer need people to validate you, you become a sanctuary for them. You become the one person in their life who isn't trying to take something from them. Let us apply this to the thing that keeps most of you awake at night. The spotlight effect. We are social animals. We evolved in tribes of 50 to 150 people. In the ancient world, if the tribe rejected you, you died. If you are exiled, you starved or were eaten by predators. So, we evolved a brain that treats social embarrassment as a death threat. When you walk into a room and feel like everyone is judging your outfit or when you speak up in a meeting and your voice cracks, your brain floods with cortisol. It screams [music] danger. They are judging you. You will be exiled. But we do not live in the tribe anymore. We live in a world of 8 billion people. And the truth, the liberating, slightly insulting truth is that nobody is thinking about you. They are not obsessed with your awkward comment. They are not analyzing your career path. [music] They are not judging your car. Why? Because they are too busy worrying about what you think of them. [music] We are all walking around trapped in our own private movies starring as the main character. Everyone else is just an extra in the background. When you realize that you are just an NPC and non-player character in everyone else's life, you become free. You can fail and people will forget by lunch. You can post the video and people will scroll past. You can start the business and go bankrupt and the world will keep spinning. This realization allows you to detach from reputation. Reputation is a ghost. It is a story told by other people. It is smoke. You cannot hold it. You cannot control it. You can be a saint and someone will still hate you. [music] You can be a villain and someone will still love you. Character is what you do in the dark when nobody is watching. Reputation is just the gossip in the light. If you focus on your character, you are on solid ground. If you focus on your reputation, you are building a castle on a cloud. Now we have to talk about how this applies to your ambition. I know what you are thinking. If I detach, won't I become lazy? If I don't obsess over the goal, [music] how will I achieve it? This is the myth of the grind. We are taught to be goal oriented. I want you to burn that phrase from your vocabulary. Do not be goal oriented. [music] Be system oriented. When you are obsessed with the goal, the outcome, you are living in a binary state of failure. Let's say your goal is to make a million. Until you have exactly $1 million, you are a failure. Every day you wake up with $500,000 or $800,000, you [music] feel less than. You are deferring your happiness to a future date. And the tragedy is when you hit [music] the million, the dopamine hit lasts for about an hour, maybe a day, and then the hedonic treadmill kicks in [music] and you set the goal to 10 million. You spend your entire life chasing a horizon that moves every time you step toward it. The archer does not focus on the target. This is the classic lesson of Zen archery. If the archer is staring at the bullseye thinking, "I must hit this. I must win the prize. Everyone is watching." His muscles will tense. [music] His breath will be shallow. His hand will shake. He is attached to the outcome. And that attachment ruins his performance. The master archer focuses on the process. He focuses on his stance. He focuses on the knock of the arrow against the [music] string. He focuses on the expansion of his chest. He focuses on the release. He knows that if the process is perfect, the arrow will find the target on its own. He is indifferent to the bullseye because he is consumed by the technique. This is what creates outcome independence. In business, in sales, in dating, the person with the most leverage is the person who needs the deal the least. We have all smelled desperation on someone. A salesperson who talks too fast, who pushes too hard, who agrees with everything you say. Do you buy from them? No. You recoil. You don't trust them. You feel like they are trying to extract something from you. Now imagine the person who is detached. They sit back. They listen. They say, "Here's what I can offer. It might be right for you. It might not. If it's not, that's totally fine." Suddenly, you lean in. You trust them because they are not trying to take, they are offering. They are operating from a mindset of abundance, not scarcity. They know that if this deal doesn't work, another one will. If this date doesn't work, another one will. This brings us to the daist concept of wooui. It is often translated as effortless [music] action. But a better translation might be action in accordance with the flow. Think of [music] water. Water is the softest substance on earth. Yet it carves through the hardest rock. The Grand Canyon was carved by [music] water. How? Not by force, not by struggle, but by persistence and flow. When water meets an obstacle, a rock in the river, it [music] does not stop and argue with the rock. It does not get angry at the rock. It flows around it. It finds [music] the path of least resistance. And eventually, the rock wears down. Most of us are not like water. We are like rocks crashing against other rocks. We try to force reality to bend to our will. We try to force a career path that isn't [music] working. We try to force a relationship that is dead. We are exhausted because we are fighting the current. [music] Detachment is the art of lifting your orars out of the water and realizing that the river is already going where you want to go. You [music] just have to steer. So how do we actually do this? How do we move this from a philosophical [music] concept into a somatic physical reality? Because attachment lives in the body. It lives in the tight shoulders, the shallow breath, the clenched gut. The first step is what I call the cosmic zoom. When you are stressed, your vision narrows. You get tunnel vision. The only thing that exists in the universe is your problem. The unpaid bill, the awkward text, the deadline. You need to forcibly widen the lens. I want you to imagine pulling the camera back. Pull it back out of your room, out of your house, above your city. See the grid of lights. See the millions of people, each with their own heartbreaks and dreams. Pull back further. See the curve of the Earth. See the silence of space. See the galaxy, a spiral of 100 billion stars. From this vantage point, look at your problem. It is invisible. It is dust. You are a tiny biological organism on a spinning rock in a random corner of the universe existing for a blink of an eye. It is meant to crush your ego [music] because your ego, your self-importance is the thing that is carrying the weight. When you realize how small you are, you realize that your embarrassment doesn't matter. Your failure doesn't matter. You are free to play. You are free [music] to take risks. Life stops being a courtroom and starts being a playground. The second [music] step is the practice of amori. This is Latin for love your fate. This was the formula for greatness. According [music] to Friedrich Nichze, he said that a great human being does not just bear what happens to them. They do not just endure it, they love it. This [music] is the ultimate form of detachment. It is looking at the worst thing that happens to you and saying, "Good, [music] you lost your job. Good, you were stagnating anyway. Now you have the pressure you needed to [music] start your own business. You got dumped. Good. You were losing yourself in that relationship. Now you have the space to find yourself [music] again. You got sick. Good. It is a reminder of your mortality. Now you will stop wasting time. When you [music] practice amorph, you become invincible. How can life defeat you if you accept everything it gives you as a gift? How can you lose if every obstacle is just fuel for the fire? You stop being a victim of circumstance and you become the alchemist of circumstance. You turn the lead of suffering into the gold of wisdom. The third step is a simple meditation I call the release. Throughout your day, you will feel the contraction. You will feel the no, the resistance [music] to reality. The traffic is slow and you clench. The internet is down and you clench. Catch yourself in that moment. Take a deep breath. Drop your shoulders. Physically let them fall. Unclench your jaw and say the mantra. It is what it is. It is what it is. This is not resignation. [music] It is acceptance. It is acknowledging the reality of the moment so that you can work with it rather than fighting against it. [music] You cannot change the traffic by being angry. You can only change your blood pressure. [music] Detachment is the ultimate superpower because it creates space. When you are attached, your mind is full. It is full of noise, worry, [music] planning and fear. There is no room for intuition. There is no room for creativity. [music] There is no room for joy. When you detach, you empty the cup. And only an empty cup can [music] be filled. When you stop trying to control the future, you can finally be present in the now. And the now is the only place where life actually happens. The past is a memory trace in your neurons. The future is a hallucination you are projecting. [music] There is only this, this breath, this sensation, this moment. I want you to imagine that you are carrying a backpack. You have been carrying [music] it for 10, 20, maybe 30 years. Inside this backpack are rocks. Each rock has [music] a name. One rock is what my parents think of me. One rock is the need [music] to be rich. One rock is my past mistakes. One rock is my fear of being alone. You have carried this weight for so long that you have forgotten it is there. You think the heaviness is just what life feels like. You think the exhaustion is normal. But I'm here to tell you that you can put the backpack down. Nobody is forcing you to carry it. The universe acts as a mirror. If you hold on, it holds on. If you let go, it lets go. Imagine unbuckling the straps. Feel the weight slide off your shoulders. Feel the sudden lightness. Feel the gravity change. You are still here. You are still you. You still have your ambition, your skills, your capacity to love. [music] But the desperate need is gone. The heavy I must is gone. You are walking lighter. You are moving like water. [music] You are the archer who shoots without looking. You are the swimmer who floats. This is the art of detachment. It is the art of coming home to yourself. So I have a challenge for you. This is not a passive lecture. This is an active practice. I want you to pick one thing in your life right now that is causing you pain. One thing you are gripping too tightly. Maybe it's a person. Maybe it's a project. Maybe it's an image of who you think you should be. I want you to close your eyes, visualize that thing, and consciously open your hands. Visualize the string connecting you to it dissolving. Say to yourself, "I will do my best, and I surrender the outcome." And then I want you to go to the comment section. This is important because it solidifies the intent. I want you to write three words. I am detached. Leave the weight there. Leave the worry there. Don't pick it back up when you leave this video. [music] Let it stay in the digital void. If you are ready to live a life of high intention and low attachment, subscribe to the channel. We are building a community of people who are waking up from the trance of anxiety. The finger trap only holds you as long as you pull. Relax, let go, and watch how the world opens up for you.

- Why Everything You Chase Runs From You — The Backward Law Explained: Kind: captions Language: en If you've ever felt that the harder you try, the more stuck you become. If chasing purpose has left you empty, if striving for love has brought you loneliness, if your efforts seem to push your goals further away, not closer, then maybe, just maybe, you're not doing it wrong. You're just doing too much. Because the truth your soul already knows. But the world forgot is this. Peace doesn't come from pressure. Fulfillment doesn't come from forcing. And the life you're seeking begins not with effort, but with surrender. For most of us, effort is all we've ever known. Since childhood, we've been taught to grind, hustle, strive. Want love, try harder, want wealth, work more, want clarity, think deeper. But what if this very effort is the thing that keeps you trapped? There's an ancient paradox buried in both spiritual wisdom and modern psychology. The more intensely you chase something, the more you affirm you do not yet have it. This creates tension, resistance, and self-sabotage. It's like trying to fall asleep by commanding your body to sleep. Or trying to be relaxed by obsessively telling yourself to calm down. The more you try, the further the goal slips from your grasp. This isn't failure. It's physics of the soul. The Tauist sages called it wooi. non-doing, not laziness, not apathy, but effortless alignment. It's the way water shapes stone, not by force, but by flowing around it. Water never strains, but it overcomes all things. Similarly, when your actions arise from presence rather than pressure, the results come naturally without burnout, without emotional cost. The more you align with this principle, the more you notice some of your best ideas, connections, and breakthroughs came not when you forced them, but when you let go and allow them to emerge. Alan Watts once said, "Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone." This applies to your mind, your goals, your relationships. When we stir things up out of desperation, we often make them worse. But when we step back, detach from the urgency, we allow clarity to return on its own. You don't have to wrestle your life into shape. You have to stop gripping it so tightly that you're strangling its breath. Modern science supports this, too. The flow state, a mental zone where we perform at our peak, can only be entered when pressure drops and presence rises. It's not achieved through stress, but through surrender. Whether it's athletes, artists, or thinkers, their greatest moments come not from brute force, but from merging with the task so fully the self disappears. No trying, no resistance, just flow. You can't force flow. You enter it when you're free from needing the outcome. In the Buddhist teachings, there's a saying, "Enlightenment is not found by seeking, but only the one who seeks can find it." At first it sounds contradictory, but look deeper. The seeker must begin the journey. Yes, but awakening only comes when the seeking dissolves. When desire softens into stillness. When you stop grasping and start listening. You don't reach inner peace by fighting for it. You reach it by realizing it was never lost. The mystics knew this long before science caught up. In the deserts of Egypt, in the mountains of Tibet, in the temples of India, spiritual masters taught one thing above all. Let go not of action, but of the illusion that you control all outcomes. Let go of the craving to manipulate life. Let go of the fear that makes you cling. Let go of the need to constantly become and remember how to simply be. So what happens when you surrender? Not collapse, not passivity, but liberation. Suddenly the tension lifts. Clarity returns. Life starts to cooperate. Not because it changed, but because your inner state did. You attract what you used to chase. You receive what you used to strive for. This is not magic. It's resonance. The energy of trust calls in more peace. The energy of desperation pushes everything away. Roomie said, "Try not to resist the changes that come your way. Instead, let life live through you." This is non-resistance. The art of saying yes to what is instead of constantly wrestling with what should be. Non-resistance doesn't mean an action. It means presence. It means acting from truth, not panic. From love, not fear. And when you master this, when your inner posture shifts from fighting to flowing, something incredible happens. Even pain becomes a teacher, even failure becomes fuel. Even uncertainty becomes a doorway. At the heart of it all is surrender. Not weakness, but wisdom, not defeat, but divine alignment. When you finally stop demanding from life and start receiving it as it is, you enter a partnership with the universe itself. And in that sacred partnership, miracles happen. Not because you force them, but because you stop needing to. Because your soul, once tired and anxious, now becomes a quiet magnet for everything it once chased. And the backward law becomes clear. You gain by giving up. You rise by relaxing. You win by releasing. You arrive by letting go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheInestimableMind100 [1 likes]: It’s wild how the more we chase peace, happiness, or love, the more it slips through our fingers. This video really made me rethink how much I’ve been trying to control life instead of allowing it. Letting go is harder—but maybe that’s where the real power begins.

- Don't Force Anything - Alan Watts: Kind: captions Language: en there is a principle called way means none or not no negation way has a combination of meanings it can mean action making but the best translation I have found for it is forcing and so Louis is the principle of not forcing in anything that you do now we know when we watch any performance of an artist be it a dancer or a an actor or a musician we know immediately when the performance is forced and we say it doesn't ring true it's too artificial it doesn't seem to be natural many people who study the Taoist doctrines think that way means do nothing in the sense of laissez-faire be lazy always be passive it doesn't mean that there is a Time for Action when you study Judo [Music] you use Muscle only at the right moment when your opponent is hopelessly overextended and off balance and you add a little muscle to it and you throw him across the room but only then you never use Muscle at the wrong moment for a Shakespeare knew perfectly well there is a tide in the Affairs of men which taken at its flood leads onto Fortune and so wu-way is based on knowledge of the tide the drift of things get with it wu-way is the art of sailing rather than the art of rowing so one of the most famous sayings of Lao in the laozer book is superior virtue has no intention to be virtuous and thus is virtually inferior virtue cannot let go of virtuosity and thus is not good so one could also say the real woo way is not intentionally and so is wool way but inferior will we so tries to be woo way that it isn't in other words this is say is not a matter of cultivated passivity or even of cultivated spontaneity because there are people who think that they are released that they have realized that they are the Tao as all of us in fact are or that you are to put it into vedanta terms every one of us is the Brahman the Eternal self of the universe beyond all description or classification or thought and say okay baby I'm that now I'm gonna have a ball well what kind of a ball do they have well what they do is they look up the rules on which society runs and do the opposite well that's still running by the rules of society and it's the mirror image in Reverse that's not spontaneity you have to be able to realize that you don't know what you really want to do until you are very quiet and it tells you see we are in heaven now because the Earth is a spaceship and Heaven is space what is called in Chinese kung Japanese goo the void that's what is important most of us don't know this space it comes down to space always space which nobody can Define nobody can imagine appears to be nothing is the foundation of the universe but you have to become again as a child to see that are Europe go back to your childhood what were the fascinating things what's out there what's beyond the stars how long does it go on and Mama Said it goes on always and always and always the child wonders it's excited that this is something that never ends then the child asked about time how long ago is long ago well the Bible says that in the beginning God created the Heaven and the Earth but what did God do before he did that well as one person said he sat up thinking punishments in hell for people who asked silly questions ill that is only a joke and the the child thinks of God going back and back and back forever never beginning so in the same way you think about death go to sleep and never wake up never why it would be as if you never had existed not only you but everything else which is of course the way things were before you were born you know about how about waking up after having never gone to sleep that's quite a thought and something fishy about it all so we get a funny feeling when we think those questions really through very funny feeling and children you see love to get into that funny feeling children know all kinds of weird things they like to spin around as fast as possible so they watch the suddenly they're all the ground goes tilting into this thing with their eyes and make faces and test out their bodies in all sorts of funny ways because they know from the beginning that the world is weird a strange thing because everybody knows what it's all about only they won't admit it being brought up is being taught not to as you know very well what's going on but in order to find out once more is an adult you have to become again as a child so what does that involve means ladies and gentlemen would you please check your ideas and opinions at the door all your philosophical and religious views all your logic because I say check it at the door advises it because you can pick it up again when you go out if you feel unsafe without it I'm not trying to argue you out of your opinions and views I'm merely suggesting that for the sake of an experiment with temporarily suspended and view what is as if you didn't even know how to talk red is not red blue is not blue heart is not hard soft is not soft male is not male female is not female there is just this Jazz it will not be possible to compel yourselves into this way of looking at things because what Buddhists call habit energy is going on on on on and as I talk to you you will find yourselves thinking in a compulsive and habitual way this is read this is green this is something this is nothing this is solid this is space all right but treat those thoughts that are going on in your head in exactly the same way as if they were maybe below see that's all they are like shapes in the spray as the sea breaks on the rocks now please don't get agitated that this is an anti-intellectual point of view this is undermining the value of logic and reasons on that we will bring all that back later when we need it but just for the time being let's simplify close your eyes listen what do you really and truly honestly here

  Top Comments:
  1. @steelcitybarbell4286: I’ve listened to this guy talk a lot, even read one of his books or tried to and I’ve never understood a word he said. He’s as confused as the rest of us trying to make sense of it all. He’s teaches nothing
  2. @piotrtes7572: He has no idea about judo 😂.
  3. @outcastfpv7655: What I hear when I stop and listen is a high pitched frequency and my heartbeat.
  4. @omtoolika: Alan watts - in whichever realm you are- your voice is healing in itself. So much love to u ❤.
Also, thanks for posting this 🙏
  5. @GomezMichellett: Fantastic content!
  6. @GomezMichellett: Awesome video!
  7. @culobotacaca: Where can i find these original speeches without the annoying cringe wannabe inspiring music
  8. @maximiangonzalez8877: Thought that was saul goodman in the thumbnail
  9. @novarepublika9527: People, If you have to force it, it’s probably shit
  10. @venomrai6439: Thank you for this video. It helped me.
  11. @user-hk8hy8ok6z: Thanks Alan, daily reminder.  There is no pressure.. my course is a year long for a reason....
You don't have to do it all in a few months 👍🤣
  12. @cesararellanes6188: No Allan. In judo, you use muscle when the opponents mass can be leveraged and increased against it.
  13. @Newki-04: That music tho, ruined the experience of his wisdom.
  14. @BeNinjaSmart: If... i try to understand this, then I have failed to understand this. If I don't try to understand this, I understand perfectly. LOL. Watts had too much pipe this day, a bit recursive. Just have fun, be good, laugh at yourself often. ;)  we are all silly monkeys
  15. @draganradonic7224: void
  16. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: إنَّ الإسلام في جوهره هو دين الوحدة الوجودية فالتوحيد الذي حمله الرسل من آدم إلى محمد لیس مجرد تصور لاهوتي، بل هو الحقيقة التي تترجمها علوم الكون اليوم في مبدأ وحدة القوانين الفيزيائية (Universality of Laws). فالعلم يبرهن أن الكون من أصغر كوارك إلى أعظم مجرة محكوم ببروتوكول رياضي واحد ونظام فيزيائي متسق لا يتصادم، وهو ما يعكس عقلياً وحدة الإرادة المصممة. إن تسلسل الأنبياء عبر التاريخ هو تجسيد لهذا الاتساق، فمن وضع قانون الجاذبية الواحد ليحفظ توازن الأجرام، هو من أرسل قانون التوحيد الواحد ليحفظ توازن الأمم. فالتوحيد هو المظلة العلمية والفلسفية الوحيدة التي تفسر لماذا هذا الكون واحد في تصميمه، واحد في غايته، و واحد في
مصدره."
  17. @YouTubeIsViolentToRight: You forcing that awful music on us is not okay.
Why post, just to drown out message with pointless music? 👎👎👎
  18. @tonyliang8099: 💥
  19. @altruisticforever1371: The end will always be empty. The things you aim, things you thrive for are just void at the end. But experiencing the journey is something. life itself is running towards death, which at the end does not hold any meaning. It is the journey which matters. At the end it does not matter who we are, what we are or what we did, we are here only to experience and live a little.
  20. @codycoyote7046: Stop putting music to his talks. It negates them.

- Alan Watts – Philosophy of the Tao pt.1 | Flow, Balance, and the Course of Nature – (FULL TALK): Kind: captions Language: en Well, now the subject of these sessions is going to be the ancient Chinese philosophy called Daoism. In ancient China, there were two predominant philosophies dating apparently from more or less the same period of history. Although scholars dispute this to some extent, Confucious, about whom everybody knows, lived shortly after 600 BC. The counterpart to Confucious, one called Lza, which is spelled L A O T Zu, is supposed to have been a contemporary of Confucious, but probably lived somewhat later and is a somewhat legendary character about whom we have less historical information. But Confucianism is predominantly concerned with the ordering of family relationships, political relationships and um the language, the ceremonies, the laws of the land. Confucianism is a conception of the order of society. That is to say, a system of social conventions are what you might call a very elaborate and profound form of etiquette. It isn't just that it's a humanistic system. It has some conception of basic principles of the universe of a harmonious relationship between heaven and earth and things of that kind. And this gives me an opportunity to say something about the nature of these social or we might call them social institutions. Because you see when we speak of social institutions we are not simply speaking of things like hospitals, law courts, legislative bodies, public health systems. Included among social institutions are such things as the clock, the calendar, weights and measures and above all language itself. Confucianism was deeply concerned with what was called the rectification of names. That is to say, uh, dictionary making, seeing that the people used words in the same way. And we must recognize that a great many things that all of us take for solid realities are in fact nothing but social They are conventions. For example, your idea of yourself of the ego. The ego is not a biological existence. It is a social institution. The things that we assoc characteristics that we associate with men on the one hand and women on the other are social institutions. They have nothing very little to do with bi biology or neurology. All sorts of things which we believe to be really out there are as a matter of fact conventions. Now you know very well that you cannot tie up a parcel with the equator because it is an imaginary line. And in exactly the same way time clock time is an imaginary way of dividing motion of measuring motion. But it so happens that these social institutions become so convenient and so useful that we start to mistake them for the real world and that can lead us into an enormous amount of confusion. The same sort of confusion from which you would suffer if for example you started eating the menu instead of the dinner. Now, as we civilize ourselves, we we we can only do so through social institutions. In other words, if we didn't have a calendar, if we didn't have an idea of the the directions, north, south, east, and west, although there are no such directions, the earth being a sphere, if we didn't have these ideas, we couldn't get on together. If we didn't have agreements about the nature of language, we couldn't communicate with each other. And if I didn't know about time and space, I couldn't say, uh, I will agree to meet you at the corner of State and Madison at 4:00 in the afternoon. Therefore, we could never find each other. But because these institutions are so useful, we come in due course to believe in them. As I said, and above all, we come to believe in ourselves as equivalent with the role we are playing in life. Confucianism was deeply concerned with roles. What is the proper role of a father? the proper role of a mother, of an elder brother, of a younger brother, of an elder sister, a younger sister and so on all the way around. And you know how it is in our own life. We are all roleplaying. We play roles according to our occupation in life. We also play roles with respect to our characters. There are certain social kinds of role for example which it is acceptable for men to play. There are certain roles which men ought not to play according to definition and uh you very soon are taught to accept yourself as a certain kind of a character. You are told who you are. For example, you may remember as children when uh you went out to play with other children and you came home mimicking the mannerisms of some other child and your parents being disturbed by this because they said that's not you, Johnny. That's Peter. Because everybody wants to identify you and tell you who you are. And this grows and grows as you go through life. More and more people are trying to identify you. Like they say, are you a Republican? Are you a Democrat? Are you a Presbyterian, Episcopalian, a Baptist, a Roman Catholic? Uh come on now. What are you give, tell us? And people, in other words, persuade you into accepting certain roles. And it's so effective this because you eventually come to believe in it all. One of the funniest things they do to you, this is really hysterical. I told some of you about it this morning. here. So, bear with me if I repeat myself, but when when you're taught who you are as a child, do you realize it's practically impossible for you to resist social persuasion? The general effect of what people say to you as a child is utterly irresistible. But they define you as a free and independent agent. And they say you're responsible. See, and we'll praise you for what you do well and blame you for what you do badly, but you are responsible. That is to say, you are an independent source of feelings and thoughts and actions. And you believe that because you must. There is no way of resisting it. In other words, you are defined as an independent agent because you aren't. And this leads to the most amazing confusions. I don't say that you don't have freedom inherently. I'm saying the way in which you are defined as free is a way which you cannot resist. And therefore, society goes on to say to you, you are required and commanded to behave in such a way that will only be acceptable if you do it voluntarily. That is to say, darling, all nice children love their mothers. And of course, you ought to love your mother, too. But not because I say so, but because you really want to. Wowee. When you've had that put into you, you live in a state of confusion for the rest of your life because you are trying to be free as a result of a compulsion which you can't resist. And the thing is completely self-contradictory. So this is some of the problems attached to role playing. However, when you go on in life, you know, and you realize you're going to wear out and that uh your role is wearing a bit thin and you begin to wonder about the human state and death and getting sick and decrepit, you begin to ask questions. Who am I really? I mean underneath the role what is all this? What is a self? What is sensitivity? What is consciousness? What is it to exist? I really don't think I know myself at all. Now in our culture at the present time we don't have very much to offer for people in that condition. It's true we have psychoanalysis and we have some religions but our religions when you consider ordinary standard brand religions in the western world and they're now all more or less proclaiming that God is dead. Um they don't offer very much except social convention and rubbing it in. They say you should be good. We've made statistical studies of the subject matter of sermons given all over the United States uh on Sunday after Sunday after Sunday after Sunday and they all amount to basically the vast percentage of them saying to people you ought to be good. Everybody knows this but nobody knows how you must love. You see that's what the preachers are saying. And if history tells us anything, it tells us that preaching doesn't work. Nobody ever listened to it, though they love being scolded. A colorful scolding by a good preacher is a great thrill. But by and large, our standard brand religions, so far as leading one to a real deep and experiential discovery of who and what you really are, what your situation in this universe is, they don't go very far. You can of course read deeply in theology and go quite a long way but so far as the fair is concerned which the ordinary person will get in the average church it's very superficial. The Chinese devised however a philosophy for those who came to this point and it is as I said the counterpart of Confucianism and it's called Daoism. This character in Chinese is pronounced Dao. tao. You would think it was pronounced tao or teao, but we've romanized Chinese in such a way that uh only those in the know can decide how it's pronounced. We should have spelled it d o w you see but it's t ao. And this character here means the course of nature, the way, the flow of things. And so this is the philosophy of the way of nature. Now I must start out by saying that Dao cannot be defined. You may think it's rather strange that I'm going to talk for a whole weekend about something concerning which nothing can really be said. The book that is basic to Dowoism called the Dao De Jing that is the book of the way and its power starts out by saying the Dao which can be described or spoken is not the eternal Dao. And then he goes on to write a book about it which you may think rather illogical. But this is something very important to understand that the Dao means that which is absolutely basic. It therefore means the basic energy of the universe. It means what you are really your true self. But in just the same way as you can't bite your own teeth and in just the same way that you can't look into your own eyes without using a mirror, you cannot define your real The hand can't catch hold of itself. The tip of the finger can't touch the tip of itself. And therefore, I'm sorry, but we cannot make an object out of what we really are. And that is why any conception of who you really are that you may entertain is wrong. So if you think of yourself as an ego, that is to say, as a separate center of consciousness and action that is somehow closed up in a bag of skin, this is a false conception. You are not that. You are pretending to be that. You are playing at that. But what you really are utterly escapes definition and therefore comes under the category of something metaphysical. That is to say beyond phys, beyond nature in the sense of what can be classified, what can be described, what can be put in a box and said it's either animal, vegetable or mineral. It's either long or short, black or white, temporal or eternal. Any category you choose to apply is inadequate to this. So, do you mind if we start out with something we can't say anything about at all? But it's fundamental. You see, look, it's like, what's the color of your eyes? I don't mean the iris. I mean the lens. We say it has no color. It's transparent. But you see, the perception of all colors whatsoever and all shapes whatsoever depends on that transparent lens. So then you might ask, what is the nature of consciousness? No one can say because it is common to all experiences and there's no way of isolating it. What is the color of space? It's the same question. Or take um when you listen to a photograph or the radio. Everything that you hear, all the human voices, all the noises of different instruments, the drums and anything, they are all vibrations on a diaphragm. But nowhere does the radio announce that this that you are hearing now is nothing but vibrations on a diaphragm. That is basic to everything heard and it's taken for granted. So in exactly the same way the Dao is the basis of everything that goes on is taken for granted. It is as necessary to everything that happens as the diaphragm is to the news on the radio etc. But we ignore it because it's common to everything, every experience. It's the basis of it. Therefore, we don't notice it. You don't notice anything for which you can't see a limit. And so, we can't think about it. But the point is it's very important to understand that you are it. And if you discover that there is a way of experiencing it which we will go into later, you become uh what shall we call it liberated. You are no longer taken in by the game that you are playing which is that I am this particular ego that came into this world and will eventually be swallowed up by death and that will be that you see through that game and you know that is an illusion or however a convincing one. So this is basic Dao is the course of nature. Now uh in the beginning of the second chapter of LaZ's book, the first chapter uh starts out with the words the Dao which can be spoken is not the eternal Dao. And I'm just taking that as a kind of a key phrase to give you the first point. Now what's the second point? That's the beginning of the second chapter of this book which is attributed to Laer and uh is supposed to have existed from at least 400 BC. When he starts out the second chapter he says when all the world knows beauty to be beautiful there is already ugliness. When all the world knows goodness to be good there is already evil. Thus to be and not to be arise mutually. And this is an absolutely important idea for the whole foundation of Chinese thought. Um the Chinese use this character to arise. It's originally the figure of a growing plant. and this one to mean mutuality. And this is completely crucial to everything I'm going to talk about. Uh do you see that you can't have a front without a back? that you can't have a top without a bottom. That you can't have the idea of long without the idea of short. You don't have long things before you have short things or short things before you have long things. Same way you don't have a world in which there are bees without flowers or flowers without bees because you see bees and flowers are really the same organism. Just like they look different just as your head looks very different from your feet. But you don't have human beings who have heads and no feet or feet and no heads. They go together. Now of course they are rather obviously joined by skin and bone. But bees and flowers float apart. Bees buzz and flowers send out smell and color but they are the same organism because they're inseparable. They require each other. So this is the whole idea of arising together. So that in other words to be and not to be the whole notion of is and isn't depend on each other. Now this is contrary to our common sense. We think that being is really there and non-being isn't. But we are at the same moment afraid that being may end up as non-being. There's so much more non-being than there is being. In other words, there seems to be so much more space than there is solid. And since whatever is solid in the world requires energy, and since energy eventually runs out, we're afraid that it may all end up as nothing. That we may end up as nothing. and everything else. And we are scared stiff of that because we don't understand that space or emptiness and solid are two aspects of one reality. Just as front and back, just as bees and flowers, they have to go together. You cannot possibly conceive a solid without a surrounding space. You cannot conceive space without solids occupying it. Because space is, as a matter of fact, nothing but the relationship between solids. It's like an interval in music. You can't hear melody unless you hear intervals. But the intervals aren't there. There are the tones. The intervals are in a way an illusion. But they the hearing of intervals, that is to say, the steps between tones is absolutely necessary for being able to hear melody. If you don't hear the intervals, you only hear a succession of noises. You are then tonedeaf or tonedeaf. So you see how important the interval is. And any architect, any artist knows that space is real. We talk about the functions of space. Astronomers and physicists talk about properties of space, curved space, and so on and so forth. But in the ordinary common sense that most people have, they think space just is isn't there. Solids are there. Reality is therefore identified with the solid with the energy and unreality with the emptiness. And there is this therefore basic dread which existentialists talk about as unst fundamental anxiety that arises from the fact that the moment you know you exist you know you could not exist and therefore all through one's life there is a sort of sword of damocles hanging over you that at any minute you might not be. Wowee. And that's a real scare. See, until you understand that to be or not to be is not the question because to be cannot be without not being just as not being cannot be without being. And so for Chinese thought, these two aspects of the world are called the yang and the yin and they mean these two characters respectively. The yang means the south side of a mountain which is in the sun. And the yin means the north side of a mountain which is in the shade. And so they come to mean positive and negative, black and white, male and female. And they are represented in this familiar diagram, an S-curve inside a circle like two interlocked commas, one black, one white. And each one has as it were the eye of the comma or the eye of a fish or tadpole or something the opposite color. And this yang yin symbolism is uh sometimes also represented as in the book of changes by broken and unbroken lines. Here is the yang. Here is the yin. And actually from this symbolism of the book of changes which is earlier than any of the literature I'm talking about. Linenets read it in Latin and from it he figured out binary arithmetic which is now basic to all computer techniques. 0 and one. All numbers can be represented by zero and one. So zero is the yin and one is the yang. But you see the whole secret is that the yin and the yang are inseparable. Let's say when we were little children and everybody taught us one 23 and ABC they didn't teach us the lesson of black and white. This belongs in a way in our culture to the hushed up side of things. Now you see the lesson of black and white is this. If you realize that all your senses are really one sense, a kind of touching. You touch light with your eyes. You touch air vibrations with your eardrums and get sound. Then smell is touching gases and dust in the air. Taste is touching the texture of food and things. The touch with the epidermis is perhaps the crudest form of touch and sight the most subtle. But do you realize that all sensation whatsoever is a vibration? It goes on and off. It's a like this. But if it goes fast enough, you don't notice the off. You only notice the on. An arc light, for example, is going on and off with terrific speed. So much so that you shouldn't use an arc light in a sawmill because the on and off can synchronize with the speed of the saw. And a circular saw may appear to be still when it's actually moving. But all things are like that, you see, on and off. And you can't have the vibration unless it's a wave pattern. But the crest of the wave is on. The trough of the wave is off. Now you can't have a wave which is half a wave. In other words, no wave exists with a crest alone. There must be a trough. A half wave cannot be manifested. So also if you sit next to a girl in the movies and you put your hand on her knee and leave it there, she may cease to notice it. But if you pat her, she will notice it. And you hope she may value the on more than the off, but she will notice it because there is being, you see, is at work because being is constantly being non-being, being non-being. Now you see it, now you don't. Now if you don't understand that if you don't realize that on off constitutes a unity and although they are different they're inseparable like the two poles of a magnet. If you don't realize that you get scared that off may win. And if you get scared that off may win, you start another game. Instead of the game of black and white or on and off, the game on must win. And then the game degenerates into a fight becomes serious. Wowee. The awful awful might get the better in the end. They won't. They may appear to, but they won't. But if you don't see that, you see, you get mixed up and you don't understand the relationship of yang and yin. So it is the inner connection or rather the inseparability of yang and yin which is what is meant by dao. That's why dao cannot be explained. And the reason again if I may put it in another way is that all thinking is classification. It's asking is you is or is you ain't. Is it this or is it that? Because after all if you want to say something is inside it requires an outside. You can't have an inside without an outside or an outside without an inside. Which is it? You say choose. Of course, westerners are always choosing. Once to every man and nation comes the moment to decide. In the strife twix truth and falsehood for the good or evil side, then it is the brave man chooses while a coward stands aside. You see, you must choose which are you? And we've magnified this into a nightmare where the ultimate consequence and destiny of the cosmos is are you saved or are you damned forever? What a thrill that decision is. See, what people don't understand is that you don't know you belong to the saved group unless there's also a damned group. In every American town, there are the nice people who live on one side of the tracks and the not so nice people who live on the other. In my town, which is Salcelito, there are the people who live on the hill and they are the nice people. And then there are the people who live on the waterfront who are bohemians and beatnicks and goodness only knows what. Well, now when the nice people on top of the hill meet for their cocktail parties, the main thing that they discuss is how the whole town is deteriorating and how the awful people are proliferating and uh fouling the bay up and so on and uh they feel that this boosts their collective ego because they know they're the nice people. Meanwhile, the Bohemians and beatniks get together at their parties and they play like they're the real inroup because all those squares of bourgeoisi who live up on the hill are engaged in a business rat race doing work which is of no interest in order that they may buy toy rocket ships and and have wall-to-wall carpets and horribly clean houses and may be snobbish. And so they bohemians and beatnics boost their collective ego. You see by arguing against the people on top of the hill. What neither side realizes is they need each other because you don't know who you are if you want to belong to an in-roup unless you define an outroup. It is the same with philosophy. There are only two kinds of philosophy in all the history of philosophical debates. One side is called prickles and the other is called goo. And prickles people are people who like things to be sharp and clear and definite. And they uh are the sort of people who become scholars and engineers and scientists. Uh the type that always like clear statistics and discipline and everything well in order. And they look upon other people who they think are vague and sloppy and uh who are romantic and so on and unrealistic and wishful and they say you're just goo. Well, the goo people turn around and say to the prickles people, well, you're just bones. You just rattle. You have no skin on you. You know the words, yes, but you don't know the music. You have no finer feelings. And so this goes on forever. Prickles people want to believe that the ultimate constituents of the material universe are particles. Goo people prefer to think of it as waves. In classical philosophy, prickles are nominalists. Goo are realists. So it goes. They're always fighting. The thing is that they don't realize that you wouldn't know the standpoint of prickles unless you knew goo as a contrast and vice versa. Because the real world is gooey prickles and prickly goo. any way you look at it. So you see that's is the yang and the yin. The yang is prickles and the yin is goo and they're inseparable but quite different. And the thing is that to see wisdom is to understand the secret conspiracy between the opposites that you wouldn't know one without the other. that is it were Tweedled Dumb and Tweedled D agreed to have a battle that in other words under all explicit opposition there is implicit unity only there's no real way of saying it and in a certain way it should remain implicit and in a way offstage don't give the show away so You might say to me, "Well, why are you talking about this? You're giving the show away, aren't you?" Not really. Because not everybody will believe it. Most people won't. The opposition between life and death, between good and bad, between pleasure and pain is extraordinarily impressive. And though one may point out that it is underneath a unity, only those with a certain innate intelligence will ever be able to believe it. So one cannot really give the show away except uh as uh Jesus said to him that hath shall be given and he who has ears to hear, let him hear. So this is the point of dowoism. In other words, the world, people involved in practical affairs, in business and family raising are all upset because black might win and they really are involved and they know they have to do something to survive. Survival is the important thing. You really must go on living. But the knowledgeable people when you get to a mature position and everybody as they get older and has raised a family or whatever you know has to eventually get ready for death. Second half of life is a preparation for death. That to western ears is of a very gloomy enterprise. We pretend death doesn't happen. We sweep people under the carpet. When you're dying in hospital, everybody comes around and says, "Oh, you'll soon be better." And then you know the poor dying patient has a kind of a notices there's a hollow look in their eyes uh that they're just consoling and that's terrible when somebody is dying in hospital. You ought to come around and say listen you're going to die. Do you realize you're going to die? It's an occasion for an immense celebration because now if you if you accept that you're going to die, you can let go of yourself and you won't be a nuisance to yourself anymore. And so we should have a champagne party or we should have sacraments according to taste. There should be some very special conscious entry into death of letting go of oneself because you only die once and it should be a very important event instead of being something. I mean look the morticians come around and they pretend it hasn't happened. They have all sorts of ways of glossing it over. You know that passage in Henry Miller's essay, The Staff of Life? He's talking about the dreadful food and he says, "Throw anything down the hatch and swallow a dozen vitamins. If that doesn't work, see a surgeon. If that doesn't work, try a Hollywood funeral. They are the duckiest, cutest funerals in the world. You can have your beloved one propped up smoking a cigarette, reading the bag of Adita or something uplifting. cigarette guaranteed not to rot away before the lips or the buttocks. Oh death, where is thy sting? Oh grave, where thy victory? Jolly, what? End of quote. And you know this is this terrible uh American way of death which does not accept it which pretends it doesn't happen and doesn't see that death is the most lifegiving thing there is >> except the Irish. >> Except the Irish. Yes. they can they can have a wake but even then I don't think that in this general tradition we really get down to seeing how revivifying death That in other words if in the course of life you die before you die physically. Now that means if you accept the fact that you are completely disintegrating and there's nothing you can do to hold on to yourself and nothing you can do to be safe or secure. You come alive. Now everybody imagines they can be secure. You have investments, insurance, etc., etc., etc. Uh med regular medical examination. But this doesn't make the slightest difference. Any minute you can slip on a banana peel, have an automobile accident because the whole world is falling apart. When you were born, you were kicked off the edge of a precipice and it's pure illusion to console yourself by clinging on hard to a rock that's falling down with you. There's no way of not disintegrating. The whole thing's falling apart. And people have been saying ever since 6000 BC when we've got records going back there that the world was going to the dogs. It is. Life is something that's always falling apart. But if you get with it, in other words, you accept the situation, you flow with it, you come alive because you acquire courage. You're not defending yourself all the time. You acquire energy because you're not all locked up wondering what's going to happen next. You have to you you get the capacity to take risks and you can't have a free people unless you're willing to take risks. It's all gambling. So to know the this this falling apart of everything which incidentally is what makes it alive change is life. This is the Dao and to flow with the Dao and not fight it you see flow with a stream. This is the next great principle of Daoism which is called uh wooi. See remember your principles. The first is Dao which can't be defined. Second is mutual arising the inseparability of the yang and the yin. And then we get as the next third principle woo. This means in Chinese negative, not and way means interfering, clutching, busyiness, aggression. So the principle whereby a person may come into accord with the course of nature is by woo way not clutching. It's sometimes translated not doing but in English that is misleading. It's sometimes the right translation. But wowi means not acting against the grain of nature, acting in accordance with it. And the best possible example of wooue is the art of sailing. You see, it's much more intelligent to put up a sail than to use oes because you don't have to work so hard. So a higher form of intelligence would erect a sail. A lower form would just row. But when you sail, you cannot sail directly against the wind. If you want to sail in a direction contrary to the wind, you must tack. So in the same way, if you get caught in an overwhelming current when you're swimming, you can't turn around and swim against it. You'll drown in a hurry that way. But what you can do is you can swim with it and edge out. Uh so this is the basic philosophy of what is called in Japanese judo. D is the Japanese way of pronouncing dao the gentle way. And in judo you overcome a violent opponent not by direct opposition but by using the opponent's strength to bring about his own downfall. So you know there's a basic kind of judo uh slow motion stuff that's called juno carta which um exhibits the fundamental ideas of judo and the first lesson in juno carta is that there are two people the attacker and the defender and the attacker does this and the defender in you see he's coming straight at you with a blow the defender instead of pushing him away does this He in other words pulls the hand in the direction it's going and has the opponent off his balance. So that's the fundamental thing. Uh go with it. So in uh say in um a clever artist when he is using wood he studies the grain and he looks at the grain in a block of wood and asks what does it want to be? There was a competition some years ago in sculpture at the Art Institute of Chicago and it was won by a woman. The competition consisted in each contestant being given a square foot, a cube of plaster of Paris. Do something with it. And this woman looked at it and said, "It is entirely indifferent. It has no texture. It doesn't want to be anything." So she picked it up and flung it on the floor. Then it was all chipped and full of cracks. And she looked at it again. Then she decided that it wanted to be something. She saw in those cracks and chips a form and she brought out that form and won the competition. So great potters don't simply impose their will on the clay. They feel the texture of the clay and they have the sense that when they throw a pot on the wheel, the pot grows of itself. And when you perfect the writing of these characters, you get the sensation that the brush is doing the work. When you skillfully make music, you feel that the music is singing through you. There was an occasion once when a great choir master in England, Sir Walford Davies, uh was with uh the former Archbishop of Canterbury, William Temple, who was a great theologian, and he was training a choir of working men, uh factory hands or something in singing. And he first gave them some hymn to sing that they all knew very well. And because they wanted to impress the archbishop, they sang it with utmost vigor and it sounded terrible. So then he got a professional choir which he had there to sing the same hymn so they could really listen to it. Now he said, "I want you to sing it again." But look, one point I must make clear is you must not try to sing it. Don't try. All you have to do is to think of the tune and let it sing itself. And then they did very well. And he turned to the archbishop and said, "That's good theology, isn't it? I got the story from the archbishop." So apparently he approved. So this is the principle of Wui. We have all kinds of common expressions like roll with the punch. things like that uh like Shakespeare saying there is a tide in the affairs of men which taken at its flood leads onto fortune. Uh we have an innate folk wisdom which realizes that this is a fundamental principle. So whereas the emphasis in the confusion tradition in China is on interference to a large extent keeping things in order. There's a certain anxiety about the whole thing. The emphasis of Dowoism is to trust in the course of nature about which I have to tell you two Chinese stories. One is that a farmer both about farmers and and their sons. One evening the farmer's son came in very very late from the fields after all the rest of the family was late for dinner. And they said to him, "What have you been doing?" Oh, he said, "I've been helping the corn to grow." Next morning when everybody got up they found that all the corn was dead because what he had done late the night before was that every new shootute of corn he had pulled it up a little to make it high. Another story that is told is about the farmer who um lost a horse ran away and all his friends came round said that's too bad and he said maybe the next day the horse returned and it brought seven wild horses with it and they said my that's great and he said maybe. The next day his son in attempting to train one of these horses was thrown and broke a leg and everybody came around and said, "Oh, that's too bad." And he said, "Maybe." The next day, the conscription officers came around and rejected his son because he had a broken leg. And everybody came to congratulate him and said, "Isn't that great?" And he said, "Maybe." So you see this farmer was with the course of things and he knew goes this way and it goes that way. It goes up and it goes down because if it didn't go down you would never know you were up. And if you try to be permanently up or always right, you're trying to arrange everything in this room so that everything is up and nothing is down or that uh everything's on the front and there's no back. And that is an impossible state of affairs. But now those uh I'm I'm going to stop here because uh there I'm don't want you to take in too much at once or to try to just to rehearse it. We've we've discussed essentially three principles. The one that we can't discuss at all because that's basic. That's the Dao. The next is the principle of the mutuality, the interdependence of the opposites, that they are different but inseparable. And that goes of course for you as self and the world as other. You can't understand what you mean or sense or experience as self without the contrasting sense of other. That means self and other go together. They're really one, but they look different. And the third principle is the wooue. The art of coming into accord with the by flowing with it and not resisting it, not trying, in other words, to make white exclude black or black exclude Now, all that's very simple, but I'm sure it will create lots of questions in your minds. [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @CT_SAMURAI [3 likes]: Just wanted to add…that background is genius and appreciated
  2. @Jonzimusic [2 likes]: Watts doesn’t explain the Tao — he lets you feel the rhythm underneath it. Yin and yang, effort and ease, arising together like one movement. When you stop trying to shape the flow, you finally move with it.
A quiet reminder: the Way was never hidden — only overlooked.
  3. @janetoss [2 likes]: My favorite voice of social reason.
  4. @SchnettJackson-zr5sc [2 likes]: ✨
  5. @VenusLover17 [2 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  6. @stevensprunger3422 [2 likes]: That’s amazing what you saying about writing the characters in Japanese. It’s more like the characters are writing you. They are like musicians is more like the music is playing through them and they’re not actually doing anything that is how I felt since I was a kid when I would draw I just followed the pencil around and then I didn’t even understand what came out, but is usually at least all my friends later when they said, found my notebook said it was a sounding they said well who did that I said, well I was just following the pencil around
  7. @djc2526 [2 likes]: Is this real and unaltered? Or Ai?
  8. @jimmy3play [1 likes]: It’s good to be able to listen to a real talk by Alan Watts. I just read his autobiography it was very interesting
  9. @josephtroupe5487 [1 likes]: I luv water in my melon
  10. @JohnWeaver81 [1 likes]: Very insightful, thanks
  11. @Cl4rendon [1 likes]: I never get tired of thinking about that specific second story of the Chinese farmer, which I have heard a lot of times - So simple yet so philosophically profound.
Alan has always been my favourite spiritual teacher because he is so eloquent, but communicates so comprehensive  in a charming & amusing style.
  12. @katyaloban [1 likes]: What an incredible lecture! ❤
  13. @trixy1823 [1 likes]: ✨😳😖🫪😳✨🫠…..😮‍💨 First time exploring Alan Watts and consciously looking at Taoism.  I must have reached a graduation point, in my growth journey, because this has summed up 5 years of struggle.  

January 6th, 2021 🫨was my flashpoint.  From there I’ve spent 95% of my waking hours struggling to get a grasp of it all.  That includes the stretch that I can only describe as the “dark night of my soul”.  

I have always consider my understanding, of this temporary 3D world, to be closest to Taoism without actually doing much to retain what little I really know about the belief system.  Alan’s explanation sums up my perspective perfectly.  Like a list with most of the boxes ticked✅.  He IS the clear sighted, and vocally/visually precise, genius everyone has been saying he is.  

Thank you❣️  I will come back to listen again for sure.
❤️‍🩹💪🏽💪🏼🌏💪🏻💪🏾💖
  14. @robgas7507 [1 likes]: Finally his actual talks and not AI generated nonsense. Thank you for this post
  15. @stevensprunger3422 [1 likes]: This is the basic concept of the heart, Sutra and Buddhism that there is emptiness and non-emptiness. In other words the part of the bowl that makes it a bowl and useful is the hollow part. It can’t be a bowl and be solid shape it won’t be able to hold any of your soup or your cereal or whatever you’re eating, so they both work together
  16. @user-hk8hy8ok6z: Alan Watts whilst eating breakfast.... Slowly.
I like to listen to people who are good at thinking about things.  Helps me to think about my shit....  

I think it helps to understand not one person has a fucking clue....  Humanity is smaller than a particle in the breath of  existence.
  17. @weansardman: How can I be prickles and goo? Does that mean that I’m whole or schizophrenic?
  18. @YanTales: this view is too good to be true
  19. @mikekilkenny-patrick1323: I’m a pear!!!!!
  20. @JohnWilmerding: Confucius not say
Confucius confused

- Alan Watts | Tao of Philosophy | Seeing Through the Net (1-2): Kind: captions Language: en well now what I want to do is have a mutual brain picking session and I'm gonna start the ball rolling by saying why I as a philosopher I'm interested in many things that you were all probably interested in professionally basically what we're going to talk about I suppose is the problem of control as exemplified in the ancient Latin question Chris custodia custodiet Ipsos who guards the guards now we we know that we're living in an age when there's been an enormous proliferation of techniques before subjecting every kind of natural process outside the human skin and now increasingly inside the human skin to some form of rational control and as we succeed in doing this it also becomes apparent that we've we're failing that the process becomes of such a high degree of complexity that we begin to feel that we're standing in our own way that everybody complains the state of affairs in modern world in the technological world is so complicated that nobody can understand it and nobody really knows what to do that for example you want to run a small business and you find you run into such enormous legal hassles that you need so many secretaries to do paperwork that you can hardly do the business that you're trying to run a hospital but that you have to spend so much time making records and writing things down on paper that you don't have much time to practice medicine that you're trying to run a university and the requirements the recording the in endless red tape of the Registrar's Office and the administration building is such that the actual work of research and teaching is seriously hampered and so the individual increasingly feels himself obstructed by his own cautiousness this is basically what it is now ah to explain myself first of all because most of you are strangers to me I am a philosopher who has for many years been interested in the mutual fructification of Eastern cultures and Western cultures studying oriental ideas not in the spirit of saying to the West you ought to be converted to oriental ideas but in the spirit of saying you don't understand the basic assumptions of your own culture if your own culture is the only culture you know everybody operates on certain basic assumptions but very few people know what they are you can say very often encounter the sort of character who was an American businessman and he says well I'm a practical businessman I am I believe in getting results and things done all is thinking and highfalutin logic and non senses of no concern to me now I know that the practical basic assumptions the metaphysics of that man can be defined as pragmatism as a school of philosophy but it's bad pragmatism because he's never thought it through and so it's very difficult to see to get down - what are your basic assumptions what do you mean by the good luck what do you mean by consistency what do you mean by rationality the only way of finding out what you mean by these things is by contrasting the way you look at something by the way it's looked at in another culture and therefore we have to find cultures which are in some ways as sophisticated as our own but as different from our own as possible and of course for this purpose I was thought that the Chinese were optimal and the Indians the East Indians and that by studying the ideas of these people by studying their life goals we could become more aware of our own it's the old principle of triangulation you don't establish the situation of a particular object unless you observe it from two particularly different points of view and thereby calculate its actual distance from you so by looking at what we are pleased to call reality the physical world from this basic stand points of different cultures I think we're in a better position to know where we are and if we only have one single line of sight and therefore this has been my interest in my background and arising out of this there has come a further question which I would call the problems of human ecology how is man to be best related to his environment especially in circumstances where we are in possession of an extremely powerful technology and have therefore the capacity to change our environment far more than anyone else has ever been able to do so are we going to end up not by civilizing the world but by Los Angeles in it in other words are we going to foul our own nest as a result of technology but all this gets down to the basic question is really what are you going to do if your god if in other words you find yourself in charge of the world through technological powers and instead of leaving evolution to what we used to call in the 19th century the blind processes of nature that was begging the question to call them blind but in in it at any rate we say we're not going to leave evolution anymore to the blind forces of nature but now we're going to direct it ourselves because we are increasingly developing safe control over genetic systems control over the nervous system control over all kinds of systems then simply what do you want to do with it but most people don't know what they want and I've never even seriously confronted the question of what they want you ask a group of students to sit down and write a solid paper of 20 pages on what is your idea of heaven what would you really like to happen if you could make it happen and that's the first thing that starts people really thinking because you soon realize that a lot of the things you think you would want are not things he wanted all supposing just for the sake of illustration you have the power to dream every night any dream you wanted to dream and you could of course arranged for one night of dreams to be 75 years of subjective time or any number of years of subjective time what would you do well of course you'd start out by fulfilling every wish you would have routes and orgies and all the most magnificent food and sexual partners and everything you could possibly imagine in that direction when you've got tired of that after several nights you would switch a bit and you'd soon find yourself involved in an adventure and contemplating great works of art fantastic mathematical conceptions you would soon be rescuing princesses from dragons and all sorts of things like that no one I could say now look tonight what we're going to do is we're going to forget this dream as a dream then we're going to be really shocked and when you woke up from that one you'd say whew wasn't that an adventure then you would think more and more far out ways to get involved and let go of control knowing that should always come back to Center in the end but while you were involved in the dream you wouldn't know your company you were going to come back to Center be in control and so eventually you would be dreaming a dream in which you found yourselves all sitting around in this room listening to me talking all involved with the particular life problems which you have and maybe that's what you're doing but here's the difficulty you see the difficulty is control are you wise enough to play at being God and to understand what that question means we've got to go back to metaphysical assumptions underlying Western common sense and whether you are a Jew or a Christian or an agnostic or an atheist you are not uninfluenced by the whole tradition of Western culture the models of the universe which it is employed which influenced our very language the structure of our thought the very constitution of logic which are going into say computers the Western model of the universe is political and engineering or architectural it is natural for a child to ask its mother how as I made it would be inconceivable for a Chinese child to ask how was I made it might ask how was I grown or how did I grow but not how was I made as if I were an artifact something put together something which is a construct but all Western thought is based on the idea that the universe is a construct and even when we got rid of the idea of the constructor the personal God continued to think of the world in terms of a machine in terms say of Newtonian mechanics and later in terms of what we call quantum mechanics although I find it rather difficult to understand how quantum theory is in any sense mechanics it's it's much more like organics which is to me a different concept however that may be it has percolated you see into the roots of our common sense that the world is a construct isn't artifact and therefore as one understands the operations of a machine by analysis of its parts by separating them into their original bits we have bitted the cosmos and see everything going on in terms of bits bits of information and I found that this is extremely fruitful in enabling us to control what's happening after all the whole of Western technology is the result of bidding let's suppose you know you want to eat a chicken you can't eat the whole chicken at once you have to bite it you have to reduce it to bits but you don't get a cut-up fryer out of an egg it doesn't come that way so what has happened is this but we don't know the origins of all this it's maybe go back thousands of years the way we develop the art of thinking which is essentially calculus is this the universe as it comes in nature the physical universe is something like a Rorschach blood it's all Wiggles we who live in cities I'm not really used to this because we build everything in straight lines and rectangles and so on wherever you see this sort of thing you know human beings have been around because they're always trying to straighten things out but nature itself is clouds its water as the outlines of continents as mountains is biological existences and all of them wiggle and wiggly things are to human consciousness a little bit of a nuisance because we want to figure it out and it is as if therefore some ancient fisherman one day held up his net and looked at the world through the net he said my just think of that there I can see the view and it's one and that peak of that mountain is one two three four five six holes across and the base is one two three four five holes down now I've got its number see and so the lines of latitude had longitude the lines of celestial and terrestrial latitude and longitude the whole idea of a matrix of a looking at things through graph paper painted on printed on cellophane is the basic idea of measurement this is the way we calculate we break down the wiggliness of the world into comprehensible countable geometrical and thereby figurative and constructed in those terms and this is so successful up to a point that we can of course come to imagine that this is the way the physical world really is discrete discontinuous full of points in in fact a mechanism but I want to just put into your mind the notion that this may be the prejudice of a certain personality type you see in in the history of philosophy and poetry and art we always find the interchange of two personality types which I call prickles and goo the prickly people advocates of intellectual poppin ism they want a rigor they want precise statistics and they have a certain clipped attitude in their voices and you know this very well in academic circles where there are people who are always edgy like that and they accuse other people of being disgustingly vague and miasmic and mystical but the vague miasma can mystical people accused the prickly people of being mere skeletons with no flesh on their bones and they say to you you just rattle you're not really a human being you know the words but you don't know the music and so therefore if you belong to the prickly type you hope that the ultimate constituent of matter is particles if you belong to the gooey type you hope it's waves if you prickly you're a classicist and if you're gooey you're a romanticist and they're going back into medieval philosophy if you're prickly or a nominalist if you're gooey you're a realist and so it goes but we know very well that this natural universe is neither prickles nor goo exclusively it's gooey prickles and prickly goo and you see it all depends on your level of magnification if you've got your magnification on something so that the focus is clear you've got a prickly point of view you've got structure shape clearly outline sharply defined a little out of focus it's gonna go blue there and you look goo but we're always playing with the two because it's like the question is is the world basically stuff like matter or is it basically structure well we find out of course today that in science we don't consider the idea of matter of just any of there being some sort of stuff because supposing you wanted to describe stuff in what terms would you describe it you always have to describe it in terms of structure something comfortable something that can be designated as a pattern so we never get to any basic stuff it seems to me that this way of thinking is based on a form of consciousness which we could best call scanning the capacity to divide experiences into bits is somehow related to a physical facility which corresponds to sweeping a radar beam or a spotlight over the environment the advantage of the spotlight as it gives you intensely concentrated light on restricted areas a floodlight by comparison has less intensity but if you examine say this room were in total darkness and you use the spotlight very thin beam and you scan the room with it you would have to retain in memory all the areas over which it passed and then by an additive process would make out the contours of the room and it seems to me that this is something in which civilized man both in the east and in the West has specialized in a method of paying attention to things which we call noticing and therefore it's highly selective it picks out its Punk t'v it picks out features in the environment which we say are noteworthy and which we therefore register with a notation be it the notation of words the notation of numbers or such a notation say as algebra or music so that we notice those things only those things for which we have notation when a child very often child will point at something and say to its parents what's that and they're not clear what the child is pointing to the child has pointed to something which we consider is not a thing the child has pointed to an area say of funny pattern on a dirty wall and as noticed a figure on it but the child doesn't have a word for it and says what's that and the adult says oh that's just a mess because that doesn't count for us as a thing you've come through this to the understanding what do you mean by a thing it's very fascinating to ask children what do you mean by a thing and they don't know because it's one of the unexamined suppositions of the culture what do you mean by an event well everybody knows what an event is but nobody can say because a thing is a think it's a unit of thought like an inch is a unit of measurement and so we thing the world that is to say in order to measure a curve you have to reduce it to point instance and apply the calculus so in exactly the same way in order to discuss or talk about the universe you have to reduce it to things but each thing or think is as it were one grasp of that spotlight thank Jen Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe like this you see so we reduce the infinite wiggliness of the world to grasps or bits we're getting back to biting you see the idea of the teeth to grasps of thought and so we thereby describe your world in terms of things just as that fisherman could describe his view by the number of net whole / through which the view was showing and this has been the immensely and apparently successful enterprise of all technological culture superbly emphasized by ourselves those those architectural and therefore as one understands the operations of a machine by analysis of its parts by separating them into their original bits we have bitted the cosmos and see everything going on in terms of bits bits of information and I found that this is extremely fruitful in enabling us to control what's happening after all the whole of Western technology is the result of bidding and so we thing the world that is to say in order to measure a curve you have to reduce it to point spotlight thank Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe like this is he so we reduce the infinite wiggliness of the world to through which the view was showing but the problem that arises is is this first of all very obviously everybody knows I already need to mention it go to the science of Medicine you get a specialist who really understands the function of the gallbladder and he studied gall bladders gall bladders gall bladders ad infinitum and he really thinks he knows all about it but whenever he looks at a human being he sees him in terms of gall bladder and so if he operates on the gall bladder he may do so very knowledgeably about that particular area of the organism but he does not foresee the unpredictable effects of this operation in other connected areas because the human beings gall bladder is not a thing in the same way as the a sparkplug in a car can be extracted and a new one replaced because the system isn't the same there is a fundamental difference between a mechanism and an organism which can be described operationally mechanism is assembled you add this bit to that bit to that bit to that bit but an organism grows that is to say when you watch in a microscope a solution in which crystals are formed you don't see this thing of little bits coming in coming and coming and joining each other and finally making up a shape you see a solution where well it's like when you watch a photographic plate developing a suddenly all the whole area which you're watching seems to organize itself to develop to make sense moving from the relatively simple and gooey to the relatively structured and prickly but not by addition so then if we are trying to control and understand the world through conscious attention which is a scanning system which takes in everything bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit what we're going to run into is that if that's the only method we rely on everything is going to appear increasingly too complicated to manage so that you get for example let's take the problem of the electronic industry the catalogs of products that are being produced over the world by the electronic industry who has read all the catalogs how do you know where you've got a something you're working on whether it's patented or not who else has taken out a patent has anybody had time to read all the catalogs nobody has they're just voluminous and it's exactly the same in almost any other field there's an information explosion like a population explosion how on earth are you going to scan all that information yes of course you can get computers to help you in this direction but by Parkinson's Law the soon sooner you become more efficient in doing this the more the thing is going to develop so that you will have to have more efficient computers still to assimilate all the information you'll be ahead but only for a short time so you see this is problem of the sort of competition of consciousness of it's how fast can you go duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty duty do and keep track of it to see and say I'm a got a good memory I can keep track of that and you say to you I bet you you can't I'll go more complicated than you so you let musicians do this where drummers you know and they get things going and they start and they and so long as they count and some musicians do count it's crazy but they do and they can't count count and they out complicate each other to the point where you can't retain it any longer in memory so you say okay if I can't retain it we've got this gadget here that can and we've got these marvelous mechanical memories than they will retained and they will go much more fancy they'll go this duty duty duty at a colossal speed like that you see but is the same old problem because you get something that can outdo that so we end up asking yeah yeah but supposing there were some other way of understanding things let's go back from the spotlight to the floodlight to the extraordinary capacity of the human nervous system to comprehend situations instantaneously without analysis I'll just say without verbal or numerical symbolism of the situation in order to understand it I hope you understand what I mean we do do that we have this curious ability of pattern recognition which the mechanical systems have only in a very primitive way Xerox have put out a machine which recognizes figures written in almost anyone's handwriting provided their handwriting is fairly grade-school and normal but computer has a terrible time trying to recognize the letter A when it's printed in say sans-serif gothic longhand or whatever kind of a you may write the human recognizes instantly this pattern but the computer is still at a disadvantage here it seems to lack a kind of capacity I would call field organization because it's all funked if it's digital it is but that that that like a newspaper photograph you know which when you look at it under a microscope is all dots now so the problem the problem is this in developing technology are we leaving out of consideration our strongest suit which is the brain itself see we are at a situation where the brain is still not really worked out by even the most competent neurologists it puzzles me they can't give a model of the brain in numerical or verbal language now you are that you see you are this thing you yourself are this thing which you yourself can't figure out in the same way that I cannot touch the tip of this finger with the tip of this finger I can't bite my own teeth but I who is attempting to touch the tip of this finger with this finger am by the sheer complexity of my structure far more evolved than any system which I can imagine this is in a way slightly akin to the girdle theorem that you can't have a of say a logic which defines its own axioms the axioms of any given system must always be defined in terms of a higher system all right so you are the most complex thing that has yet been encountered in the cosmos and you can't figure you out now you is suppose we're going to try to do that and become as it were completely transparent to ourselves so that we could entirely understand the organization on the mechanics of our own brains what happens when we do that well you're in the wheel you're back in the situation of God when you're God what are you gonna do when you're God you know what you're going to do you're gonna say to yourself man get lost because what you want is a surprise and when you figured everything out there won't be any surprises you'll be completely bored but on the other hand a person I would say who is really functioning completely he is basically a person who trusts his own brains and permits his brain to operate at a more optimal level in other words he knows how to think things out but he makes his best discoveries without thinking in other words you all know very well the processes of creative invention you've got a problem you think it over and you can't find out any answer to it because the digital system of thinking is too simple too clumsy to deal with it it's more complex there are more variables than can be kept in in mind at one time so you say I'll sleep on or you'll go to the Institute of Advanced Studies at Princeton of behavioral sciences at Stanford where they pay you to goof off which is highly excellent idea and you moon around and you've got a blackboard and you look out the window and pick your nose and so on and your brain eventually hands you the solution to the problem I knew immediately because you have technical knowledge you recognize that's a solution but then naturally you'll go back and check it and you work the bit-by-bit form of thinking on it and see now does it come out in those terms and if it does everybody will agree with you yes that's the answer but if it doesn't come out in those terms they won't agree with you because you haven't subjected it to the socially acceptable traditional form of animal and analyzing knowledge but here's the problem it takes an awful long time to check these things out it takes an awful long time to arrive at the solution which you've got like that by a purely calculative process most of the situation's of life are such that they don't wait for us to make up our minds so that an enormous amount of carefully worked out scientific knowledge is trivial they all very well very finely worked out but much too late how's life presents you life comes at you from all sides all over everywhere at once and the only thing you've got to deal with that is the thing inside here in the skull now I'm not saying this to put down all this marvelous work of calculation brought to immense sophistication electronically and so on not at all because actually you people are the first people to understand the limitations of your own kind of knowledge and you're going to have to tell the politicians about this they don't understand they may think that this kind of knowledge is the answer to everything and I think most of you know it isn't which is not something I repeat against technology it's only saying that when you walk you put your right foot forward and that's fine but then you must put your left foot forward so let's say that they did a great technological Enterprise has been putting the right foot forward but you must bring up the left foot that is to say bring up revaluation a new respect for the organic type of organization which is incomprehensible to technological thinking but which always underlies it that by itself doesn't work because after you bring the left foot up you've again got to bring up the right foot the analytic after GU comes brickel's after cripples comes do you have to keep this thing up I think our danger present time is that we are so heady so delighted with the results of cripples that we've got to let back a little bit of goo into the system well now what we've got to try and do is I think to work out a way of making the brain itself more efficient and this is the thing that civilized education has neglected Lyn white like to quote him again used to say that the academic world today only values three kinds of intelligence verbal intelligence mnemonic intelligence in other words good remembering and computational intelligence said it entirely neglects kinesthetic intelligence social intelligence and he had at least seven kinds of intelligence I forget what they all were but it is this extraordinary capacity of the the neural organization to say to engage in pattern recognition and in solving instantly certain complex problems without knowing how it does it the trouble is when you do something you don't know how to do you've got a non repeatable experiment in a certain sense in other words you can't explain to someone else how to put it together but you can do it like you can open and close your hand without any knowledge of physiology do it every time whoops I don't know how I do it I just do it you see so we have an enormous potential of intelligence of knowing how to do all sorts of things which to the extent that we are academically minded people we won't allow ourselves to do because we can't explain you know there for example is a way of cooling a brazing furnace it's very simple but Engineers say it's theoretically impossible it can't happen it's like bees can't fly by the laws of aerodynamics but they do so the rather practical issue I come to is this that technology if it relies exclusively on linear thinking is going to destroy the environment it's going to become too complicated to handle man is going to be like the dinosaur which had to have a brain in its head and a brain in its rump because it was so big you know the caveman kept up dinosaur and when he went to bed at night he had hump it on the tail with a club and it did scream at 8 o'clock in the morning it seems to be we're getting into that kind of saurian situation with our technology which is going to lead us to extinction so the question is are we going to foul things up by insisting on using linear input information and controlling it as the dominant tool of controlling the world or can we master all that as we have done and still use the linear input and analysis but with a fundamental trust in our power to assimilate multiple input although we really don't know how we do it and my point is that you can't find an absolute which you can pin down you see so there always remains in any human operation the the basic central thing which you can't pin down because it's you just as the teeth can't bite themselves now the assumption of judeo-christian culture is that man in his nature is sinful and therefore can't be trusted the assumption of at least ancient Chinese culture is that man in his essential is good and therefore has to be trusted because they say to us if you can't trust your own basic nature you can't really rely on the idea that you're untrustworthy therefore you are hopelessly fouled up so this has amazing political and other consequences this a different assumption if we say no we human beings are fallible and basically selfish and really really fundamentally evil and therefore we need law and order we need a control system to put us in order we thereby project these control systems into the church or into the police or into somebody who are really ourselves disguised see it's like daylight saving time everybody could simply get up an hour earlier but instead of doing that we alter the clock because the clock is a kind of authority and I would say well the clock says it's time for you to get up and the the Indian America more Indians laugh at the pale faces because they say pale face he doesn't know when he's hungry until he looks at his watch and so in this way we become clock dominated and the abstract system takes over from the physical organic situation and and this is my big pitch if I'm going to make a big pitch is that we've run into a cultural situation well we've confused the symbol with the physical reality the money with the wealth and the menu with the dinner and we're starving on eating menus hopping on eating menus having on eating menus having on eating menus having on eating menus having on eating

  Top Comments:
  1. @nimosune [13 likes]: Thanks to all the chillstep that brought me to his voice
  2. @tanjabijleveld4606 [8 likes]: Love his voice.
  3. @patrykdudek8553 [7 likes]: Wow! The original Alan watts and no AI slob! Keep this channel up it is a precious ❤
  4. @lasllams [3 likes]: Stoicism feels grounded here.
  5. @bohemianmystik8602 [3 likes]: And how did I  even get here?? I was watching an AI debate between Socrates and Lao Tsu now I  am here listening to Alan Watts is it just wasting time getting lost whilst the world burns
  6. @rhylanmou [2 likes]: This content feels thoughtful.
  7. @Cl4rendon [1 likes]: One of the best thinkers we ever had ❤
  8. @chadpatterson9796 [1 likes]: Who has time for what they want? And that’s the point. Make time or watch it pass by.
  9. @tgchan [1 likes]: Thank you/
  10. @8bit_paul [1 likes]: 23:30 record player?
  11. @Eric-Wolfman [1 likes]: Great resource. Background play is not available, which is weird since this is only audio. This makes it illegal to listen while driving since the screen must be turned off. Can you change this?
  12. @IllusoryMusic42: @29:30
...
😂
  13. @Siniša_Tumbas: Tao or dao has a name, his name is Siniša the only way
  14. @benquinneyiii7941: Wiggly bum
  15. @davmac6148: first an idiot before then  hubris
  16. @Steven-n3u5d: Its planned chaos by the elites and bis bank,platform owners,ai systems using frequency and codes,take out satellites, towers ,cables,water filtration, communications and trust,bonds ,markets and societies, would bring all nations to their knees,allowing God and all evil enities to shift and change with collapses, and start over
  17. @gotonethatcansee: 00:06:29 basic QUESTION⁵
  18. @helloeverybody7523: Great! It worked on my google pixel 9 pro XL, thank you very much. For some reason my phone doesn't have that option in the settings, I had to punch in this phone command 😂❤
  19. @abrahamf3721: Alright well i used ai to ask if this is an ai generated video it said no but i think its lying lol
  20. @TheMensPortal: 👎Ad 3 minutes in 👎

- Alan Watts ~ Don't Force Anything  | WU WEI: Kind: captions Language: en foreign of nature is as a self-regulating self-governing indeed Democratic organism but it has a totality it all goes together and this totality is the Dao when we speak in taoism of following the course of nature following the way what it means is more like this doing things in accordance with the grain it doesn't mean you don't cut wood but it means that you cut wood along the lines where wood is most easy to cut and this then is the Great fundamental principle which is called uh Wu way not to Force anything I think that's the best translation it's often called not doing not acting not interfering but not to force seems to me to hit the nail on the head like don't ever force a lock or you bend the key or break the lock you jiggle until it revolves so Wu way is always to act in accordance with the pattern of things as they exist don't impose on any situation act a kind of interference that is not really in accordance with the situation it would be better to do nothing than to interfere without knowing the system of relations that exists it's terribly important and to have this feeling of the interdependence of every form of life upon every other form of life you have to see that life the the so-called conflict of various species with each other is not actually a competition it's a very strange system of interrelationship of things feeding on each other and cultivating each other at the same time the idea of the friendly enemy [Music] the necessary adversary who is part of you you have conflicts going on in your own body all kinds of microorganisms are eating each other up and if that wasn't happening you wouldn't be healthy so all those interrelationships whether they appear to be friendly relationships as between bees and flowers or conflicting relationships as between birds and worms they are actually forms of cooperation and that is mutual arising you have to understand this as the basis apply this not forcing anything and you get spontaneity a life which is so of itself which is natural which is not forced which is not unduly self-conscious

  Top Comments:
  1. @999thenewman [39 likes]: Wu Wei is when you notice you don't have to do anything, which means you let everything move on its own.
  2. @WiaraTV [9 likes]: Thanks for watching. You can NOW Listen to Alan Watts on:
➡https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1azQdu5BWUrZhbYU7A12bk
➡https://apple.co/3YRs9wj
➡https://www.amazon.com/music/player/artists/B07HT46Y49/the-red-pill
➡deezer - https://dzr.page.link/XDfVcGut6Md71VBN6
➡https://tidal.com/browse/artist/10406245
Enjoy 💙
  3. @rogerlin9602 [8 likes]: 0:43
Cut wood along its grain.
This is the principle of wu wei, not to force.
Act according to pattern of things.
Have feeling of interdependence. 
It's not competition, but friendly enemy, part of you in cooperation.

Microorganisms within your body are eating each other up. 

It's mutual arising.
Don't force it. Then you have spontaneity. 

Thanks Alan. 5 September 2023.💝💰🌹⚘🌹🚀👍
  4. @khaledelomar4670 [7 likes]: Alan changed my life.
  5. @toekneetogo [6 likes]: A good one to keep in the trenches of self discovery & avoid having your head blown off by the bs being spoon-feed to the masses.
These Alan Watts lectures & snipets on YT have been a perfect way to see-through what's being peddled by mainstream thoughts
  6. @lucianlangtr [5 likes]: I used to watch your videos daily and was missing them. Thanks a lot for re uploading them
  7. @robertcoll7297 [4 likes]: Nature spoke Mr Watts listend
  8. @Sydardta [3 likes]: Alan Watts discusses Wu Wei, the concept of effortless action, in many of his talks and writings. In the context of a relationship where trust is gone but love is still there, Wu Wei can be applied in several ways:

• Accepting the situation: The first step is to accept that trust has been broken and that the relationship is in a difficult place. This doesn't mean giving up, but it does mean letting go of the need to control the situation or force things to be different.

• Practicing non-attachment: Wu Wei emphasizes non-attachment, which means not clinging to outcomes or trying to force things to happen in a certain way. In a relationship, this means being willing to let go of expectations and simply being present with the person you love, without trying to change them or control their behavior.

• Acting with compassion: Wu Wei also teaches us to act with compassion, which means understanding the other person's perspective and trying to see things from their point of view. In a relationship, this means being patient, forgiving, and willing to communicate openly and honestly.

• Letting go of the past: Wu Wei reminds us that the past is gone and cannot be changed. In a relationship, this means letting go of past hurts and resentments and focusing on the present moment.

Of course, applying Wu Wei in a relationship is not always easy. It requires a lot of patience, self-awareness, and willingness to forgive. But if both partners are committed to working things out, Wu Wei can be a powerful tool for healing and rebuilding trust.

Here are some specific examples of how Wu Wei can be applied in a relationship where trust is gone but love is still there:

• Instead of trying to force your partner to talk about what happened, simply be present and listen without judgment when they are ready to talk.

• Instead of trying to control your partner's behavior, focus on controlling your own reactions.

• Instead of dwelling on the past, focus on creating positive experiences together in the present.

• Instead of trying to change your partner, focus on accepting them for who they are.

Remember, Wu Wei is not about giving up or doing nothing. It is about acting with wisdom and compassion, and letting go of the things that are beyond our control.

If you are looking for more information on Wu Wei, I recommend reading the following books:

• Tao Te Ching by Lao Tzu

• The Way of Zen by Alan Watts

• Effortless Action by Jia-Shan
  9. @gosuhenke [1 likes]: Honestly this is the truest wisdom in most cases
  10. @AWayOfLiving84 [1 likes]: ☯️🌏🕵🏻‍♂️👣🫧
  11. @budblue9881 [1 likes]: I have thought alot about the life of wuwia, i luv this concept of life. Its a way of life im going to live, it changes the perspective on how to live in peace with myself, to work on me so may be find me some day again. Lost another person, my choice, over thos last week, figured it would be better for her not to b in this and things, sitting alone once again and well its..no one really cares so wont bother anyone, to all who might read find ur thing in this world to make a difference, someone might just need ur help to find there way, so they don't fall in the cracks of life.ill b gone b4 long i can feel it, take care and i do mean this to, thank you.
  12. @AnnieDy [1 likes]: 💚💙💜🩷
  13. @chandanmahato825 [1 likes]: Hmm,
  14. @AmitKumar-wf6gc [1 likes]: Please next video on LOVE with EXPERIENCE as background music. I loved that video so much. Please 🙏
  15. @MichaelJames707 [1 likes]: 🙌🏽💜
  16. @amnesia3490: 01:10
  17. @lauriacordero520: Learning to let go and trust life.....it can be hard!:)
  18. @mcfudgers2202: Big time
  19. @shady2.: Concept Of Nature.. spells CON and if you conform to it, you will never believe you are able to win by yourself. And imagine all the mice you would have in your pocket thinking what was yours.. was theirs.. I may be off subject but I look at the endgame as the beginning and it never ends as long as you never cross paths in same spot twice. Change is needed for evolution to not turn to revolution. Nobody likes a dingleberry!
  20. @MauriceWilliams-bl9pi: thankyou...herehear

- Alan Watts - Wu Wei (Do Nothing) | Powerful lecture: Kind: captions Language: en the whole conception of nature is as a self-regulating self-governing in the Democratic organism but it has a totality it all goes together and this totality is the dowel when we speak in Taoism of following the course of nature following the way what it means this is more like this doing things in accordance with the grain it doesn't mean you don't cut wood but it means that you cut wood along the lines where wood is most easy to cut and you interact with other people along lines which are the most genial and this then is the great fundamental principle which is called wool way not to force anything I think that's the best translation it's often called not doing not acting not interfering but not to force seems to me to hit the nail on my head like don't ever force a lock by you bend the key or break the lock you jiggle until it revolves so wool way is always to act in accordance with the pattern of things as they exist don't impose on any situation act a kind of interference that is not really in accordance for the situation it would be better to do nothing than to interfere without knowing the system of relations that exists it's terribly important them to have this feeling of the interdependence of every form of life upon every other form of life how are we for example cultivate animals that we eat and look after them and build them up and see that they breed in reasonable quantities you have to see that life that the so called conflict to various species with each other is not actually a competition it's a very strange system of interrelationship of things feeding on each other and cultivating each other at the same time the idea of the friendly enemy the necessary adversary who is part of you you have conflicts going on in your own body all kinds of microorganisms are eating each other up and if that wasn't happening you wouldn't be healthy so all those interrelationships whether they appear to be friendly relationships as between bees and flowers or conflicting relationships as between birds and worms there are actually forms of cooperation and that is mutual arising you have to understand this as the basis apply this not forcing anything and you get spontaneity a life which is so of itself which is natural which is not forced which is not unduly self-conscious now another term that is important although I'm not aware that this word occurs in louses book it's found in greater use at a much later time in Chinese for in philosophy that is called neo-confucian and it's also used in Buddhism but it is a very useful word for understanding the sort of order that all this constitutes it's the word me and this means originally the the markings in Jade or perhaps the grain in word or the fiber and muscle it is translated nowadays in most dictionaries as reason or principle but this isn't a very good translation Joseph Needham suggested that organic pattern was an ideal translation for this word and so in the same way the phone patterns the rock patterns the patterns of that vegetation are at once extraordinarily orderly but they don't have an obvious order nobody can ever pin it down that's what I'd like to say you know that the resort are there there's something quite different from the myth but there's no way of really getting it now in order to be able to paint that sort of way or to live that sort of way or to deliver justice that way if you were a judge you have to have it innately you have to have an essential sense of me and there's no way of prescribing it this is the very devil for teachers because you see all our universities and schools are trying to teach creativity that's a great thing these days no and you here at the ESL and all of the people are giving courses and workshops in creativity now the trouble is this if we found out a method whereby we could teach creativity and everybody could just explain how it was done it would no longer be of interest what always is an essential element in the creative is the mysterious and so and again and again in Taoist literature you will find this character Schwann which means the deep the dark it's like the black in lacquer the impenetrable and yet the the profound depth out of which glorious things come but nobody can see why this very much goes together with Dao when there's a place in the loud sir book where he says that the spirit of the valley never dies well the spirit of the valley the deep ravine is this the poem which says that when the bird calls the mountain becomes more mysterious you imagine for example you're in a mountain valley and everything is very silent and suddenly a crow squawks somewhere you don't know where that crow is and the little sound emphasizes the silence silence becomes deeper and deeper or this word is used for the kind of mysteriousness which that birds call creates so these two words together are used in Japanese the expression Mugen and you gain is a quality which the poet Swami who was a great artist of the note plays said the you gain is to watch wild geese flying and be hidden in a cloud to watch ships sailing in the distance and to disappear behind the far-off Island to wander on and on in a great forest without thought of return now all those things have in the new sea an element of mystery there's a Chinese poem which puts it this way it is a poem written by a man who has gone to find a sage in the mountains and sage has a little hut at the foot of the mountain and the boy there who is his servant I asked the boy beneath the pines he said the Masters gone alone herb gathering somewhere on the Mount cloud hidden whereabouts unknown and this also creates the mood of you again the Hermit you see is a kind of you gain personality he's a very valuable person and a very wise person but nobody knows where he is and ever so many Chinese poems are concerned with the life of Hermits seeking after Hermits and the wonder of Hermits who totally disappear altogether best of this funny idea of the deep in the dark the thing that is important just because you can't quite understand it now to Westerners all that tends to sound rather hopeless and say if we if you can't tell us how it's done or what's the use and that you see is because we have insufficient we think that we'll never be able to do certain things unless we have instructions as to how to do it this comes of course partly from our toilet training mama gets anxious that it won't happen and starts making Commandments about it and then you have to have courses and stories I heard because somebody was in a hotel in Europe in England somewhere and was going down stairs and suddenly there was a room you know where they have committee meeting rooms and there were whole chorus of people saying we haven't today what we will what is that Oh somebody said that is dr. Koo is constipation class the taoist idea is not like that let it happen it will trusting yourself because your own organism will fills these things spontaneously

  Top Comments:
  1. @mohei5029 [29 likes]: You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet, still and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet.

Franz Kafka
  2. @justtrustthegovernment-nom9398 [29 likes]: we are as far away from wu wei as possible we constantly do something we are constantly stressed after work we come home and sit in front of a screen that stresses us even more we are addicted to doing something most cant even go for a walk without smartphone or some kind of podcast they are listening too its just sad and im one of them i really have to learn to do nothing and relax and embrace the boredom and let it happen
  3. @Ucanthandlthetruth [6 likes]: Life is like taking a piss. Let go and let flow.
  4. @pag-pap [5 likes]: Amazing lecture...
"We haven't today, but we will tomorrow" got me rolling in the end..
  5. @nileamish2313 [3 likes]: Wise wise man!
  6. @frontsidegrinder6858 [3 likes]: That laughter though
  7. @BenChoud-x8d [2 likes]: Wise man!
  8. @Zuuzaankaaa [1 likes]: I couldn’t… Life without fight, struggle or competition seems so unworthy. Why even waste the air? You don’t grow and develop without struggle.
  9. @TajtheElephant [1 likes]: If I can do everything in life without over thinking I would be more free, fucking challenge when your an over thinker and an over analyzer!
  10. @REDKLOUDTV [1 likes]: 💯💯DON'T WORRY ABOUT SHIT💯💯
  11. @eaton55r: Do nothing... Silly, misleading, inaccurate but accepted error.
  12. @ramusoder5411: Alot of talk without living example, works well for people without children and a home to take care of and no obligations.. making problems for people around them without understanding right from wrong. Did Alan provide a example of living to hes followers to back up hes teaching? Talk Is Cheap.
  13. @it_is_ov_er: Crappy music
  14. @agauerm: Where to get those lectures without soundtracks? They annoy the heck out of me.
  15. @williamoarlock8634: 'Wu Wei' more 'woo-woo'.
  16. @drosottera8741: That means to allow room for the others
  17. @jackdearmitt1328: How can I do nothing when I’m always being forced to do something.
  18. @robertzimmerman3388: The most genuine laugh I have ever heard.
  19. @josealmeida4778: you don't need to do anything, i do it for you whether you are a man or a woman i love sex pig full of human fluids.
  20. @theiepguy9315: Comment on a Saturday… BOOM!

- Cook Ding and Effortless Skill - A Daoist teaching story: Kind: captions Language: en So, the um roots of Yang Sheng, the first reference of actual lifestyle practices is from that um Mawangdui tomb scrolls, which were discovered in the '70s. But, the roots of it are even deeper in Zhuangzi, in early cosmological background of the of the sort of philosophical stuff. And there's a couple There's two fun stories I want to tell you. So, this historical context um comes from early philosophical literature, especially Daoist texts. And Zhuangzi uh Zhuangzi lived like 4th to 3rd century before the common era. And one of his most famous stories is in chapter 3 um about Cook Ding. Have you guys read this one? Anybody? Cook Ding? He was a literal cook. And his name was Ding. So, this is great, right? Because one of the things that Tyra will probably talk about is the elitist history of Yang Sheng because, of course, people who have the space to do self-care and the money and time resources to think about their diet and have options available to them, choices at all about what they eat, are usually elites. Like, we are living in a very blessed time right now. But, I want to point out to you that Zhuangzi was just a cook. And a lot of a lot of Zhuangzi's examples of um the perfect the perfected examples of living in accordance with nature and like living practicing Yang Sheng are normal people. We're going to talk about a cook, and then we're going to talk about a carpenter. But, there's others in in his in his writing. It's very good. I would suggest reading it. Anyway, so the teaching is like this. Prince Wen Hui, and I'm sorry, I don't speak Chinese very well. I don't know how to pronounce these words. Prince Wen Hui of Wei is watching his cook, whose name was Ding, butcher an ox. And he doesn't just like whack at it using blunt force, right? He moves gracefully and beautifully. And the prince notices this, and he asks Cook Ding, and Cook Ding shares that first, when he began cutting oxen, he saw the whole animal. And then after 3 years, and three is a important number, right? Above, below, middle, right? There's a reason it's three. It doesn't really mean three. It means three. After 3 years, he no longer saw the whole ox, but perceived its internal structure, its internal structure of the ox. So, he knew, okay, as I approach it with my blade, I know that there's going to be a big tendon right there, so I better avoid that, and I get through there, there's probably some you know, so he's thinking about the mechanics, right? But, he says, "Now, he no longer uses ordinary perception, and his spirit moves through the ox, and his knife just follows natural openings. And he's no longer perceiving and understanding, like thinking from here. His spirit moves through the ox and moves where it wants. The emphasis here is on intuitive attunement, attunement to phase, not mystical psychic stuff. And as such, Cook Ding's knife never dulls. In fact, he says he's been using the same blade for 19 years. Imagine never having to sharpen your knife for 19 years. In difficult areas, he says, he just slows down, becomes attentive, and the knife passes through. He says, "The tip the edge of the blade is so fine that it's almost like it doesn't exist." And if you think about this from the physics level, you know, it's like you know, like where like where does your butt sit on your seat, right? Like on a molecular level, you're never actually touching what you're sitting on. He's kind of talking about that, right? The knife is so thin at the edge and it just follows it goes knows how to go He knows how to move right in the hollow areas. So, he avoids the joints. Gets between the tendons. Doesn't even touch the small ligament. So, this story illustrates how to preserve life and vitality. If you move against the structure of things, you wear out. And if you move with the structure of things, effort just disappears. So, you can kind of think for yourself, are you a person who forces things? Are you a person who pushes and white knuckles and has some excuse about why it has to happen, right? The ox here represents the complexity of the world. You probably have a really good reason why you have to push, why you have to overdo. I know that I make really good reasons to overdo all the time. And they're never good. That's the ox, right? And our And the knife represents life energy. So, our choice of how to use the knife demonstrates our accordance with nature. The difficulty that we have within time is representative of the gap we have between ourselves and what's really happening. We can make that gap larger. We can make that gap smaller. So, Cook Ding's relevance to Yang Sheng, the message here is that Yang Sheng is not just a pile of health techniques. I'm not here to help you fill up a notebook to put on the shelf. This is the meaning of Zhuangzi's story. It's about reducing friction. So, the main points, we align with natural structure. We do not force things. And we preserve vitality by following patterns. Incidentally, this is the foundation idea for later Chinese medicine. The texts that we use in Chinese medicine are a little bit later than this. They're close, but a little later. And the main thing, the main foundation idea for Chinese medicine is that health is the result of living in alignment with the structure of life. And this is what our classic texts, the Suwen and the Nanjing, say. So, later, this work becomes seasonal behavior, dietetics, breathing, longevity. But it all goes back to Zhuangzi and the

  Top Comments:
  1. @WilfredChan-p8l1q: Profound

- Cook Ting: Kind: captions Language: en prince when wheeze cook was cutting up an ox out went to hand down went to shoulder he planted a foot he pressed with a knee the ox fell apart with a whisper the bright cleaver murmured like a gentle wind rhythm timing like a sacred dance the mulberry grove the ancient harmonies good work the prince exclaimed your method is faultless method said the cook laying aside his cleaver what i follow is dao beyond all methods when i first began to cut up oxen i would see before me the whole ox all in one mass after three years i no longer saw this mass i saw the distinctions but now i see nothing with the eye my whole being perceives my senses are idle the spirit is free to work without plan to follow its own instinct guided by the natural line by the secret openings the hidden space my cleaver finds its own way i cut through no joint chop no bone a good cook needs a new chopper once a year he cuts a poor cook needs a new one every month he hacks i have used the same cleaver 19 years it has cut up a thousand auxin its edge is as keen as if freshly sharpened there are spaces in between the joints the blade has really no thickness if you insert what has no thickness into the spaces in between there's all the room you need it goes like a breeze hence i have this cleaver 19 years as if newly sharpened true there are sometimes tough joints i feel them coming i slow down i watch closely hold back barely moving the blade and whomp the part falls away landing like a clod of earth then i withdraw the blade i stand still and let the joy of the work sink in i cleaned the blade and put it away prince when we said this is it my cook has shown me how i ought to live my own life you

- From Loser to Master: The Secret Tome That Levels Up Your Life | OP Origins: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the OP Origins channel. Today, we’re diving into a brand new story. Before we begin, let’s take a quick look at the main plot of this series. Lee Jongsuk was just an ordinary high school student, struggling with his family’s mounting debt and a mediocre future. Everything changes when he discovers a mysterious, blank hardcover book in a dusty used bookstore. This is no ordinary notebook; it is the "Experience Tome. By recording his daily life, Jongsuk earns Experience Points (XP) that he can spend to instantly master any field. From becoming a culinary genius who saves his mother’s failing restaurant to transforming into a martial arts expert with the "Wudang Chi Flow," Jongsuk’s life flips upside down. As he gains passive skills like "Unwavering Retention," he realizes his potential is limitless. His journey takes him from the school hallways to the streets of Los Angeles, where he uses his newfound medical and martial skills to save lives and stop criminals. But with great power comes the mystery of the book's origin. Can Jongsuk handle the responsibility of being the Tome’s new writer, or will the weight of these "recorded experiences" become too much? This is a thrilling tale of growth, secret abilities, and the incredible power of learning. And now, let the story begin. sometimes in life, you get to experience the most amazing things. things that are so incredible that you doubt your own eyes. things that make you go, "how is that even possible... and this is the story about an everyday joe such as myself. turning the life upside down through this book. reading the contents of the book would automatically transfer the experience to me. would you like to record your experience. allowing me to become the best in any field like a miracle. and eventually. you've been selected as the new writer of the experience tome. i uncovered the secret behind this book. sometimes, you just can't seem to get things right no matter how hard you try. for instance, no matter how hard she tries, my mom never seems to get her tteokbokki recipe right. although tteokbokki is a popular snack for little kids, they never seem to come to our place. how can you sleep so peacefully... we're about to go out of business. lee jongsuk... 18 yrs old... such lack of sales means that my family is already knee deep in debt... and it's been getting worse. the most realistic option for me after graduation would be to enlist in the military to fulfill my mandatory service. don't tell me you're going to the used book store again. oh come on... it's just the bookstore. but he's a senior now... he should be studying. leave the kid alone... it's not like he's getting into trouble. you've completely spoiled him. jongsuk. we're going to woochul's place to meet his new english tutor. there's gonna be tons of food. oh... well, i was on my way to the used book store. who still goes to used bookstores. can't you just read books online these days. forget about this boring, mediocre kid... let's go. as someone who is boring and mediocre. my only source of solace is. reading at the used books store. used books buy sell trade. hello. oh, hey jongsuk. got any new books today. they're in the sack in the corner... don't forget to sort them afterwards. nothing makes me happier than this moment. there's no telling what i might find in here. it's like opening a secret treasure chest. i don't see anything special today. a hardcover... but there's no title on it. it's blank... is it some kind of a notebook. what is this... am i seeing things. record my experience. what's gonna happen if i do that. oh well, i might as well as give it a try... what have i got to lose. yes. you have been designated the new this is my secret hiding place. i come here whenever i need to clear my head. phew. whoa... that was close. record my experience, how do i do that. how do i do that. simply write about your experience to get experience points (xp). well, how do i do that, exactly. wait, was there someone else who did this before me. will you show me more stuff to read if i can more xp. correct. will any experience do. what sort of experience should i write about. do you have any secret recipes for tteokbokki sauce. there are records of culinary experience available... what about tteokbokki... there is no experience on tteokbokki. write about your experience. in that case. i found this book at the used book store and wrote on it, and these words appeared. you wrote about a common experience... you've gained 25 xp. there's nothing common about this... well, in that case. it's freezing. dang, he's going to freeze to death like that. eww, he stinks too. this guy reeks so bad. he'll freeze to death if he sleeps on the street in this weather. i should call 911 first. it'll take a while for the ambulance to get here with the icy road. thank you, young fella. the ambulance will be here soon... hang in there. i saved a homeless man who almost froze to death. this ought to score me more xp. you wrote about a lifesaving experience... you've gained 2,500 xp. aha... i think i'm getting the hang of this. so that's the sort of stuff it wants me to write. let's see... something even bigger than that. it was last year. was walking along the sidewal. when i heard a big thud. oh my god. the brakes must be out. watch out. are you okay... are you hurt. oh... i'm fine... thanks. phew, thank goodness. sorry... i'm nearly deaf in my old age. please don't cross the street when it's a red light. experience... you've gained 1,500 xp. i guess it gives less points even if it's a special experience if i already wrote something similar. can i write about now. oh... hi there. there you go... i thought you guys could use a snack too. they'll seize the house at this rate. why don't i just get a construction job. but you'll only get yourself hurt in the contruction field. how are we going to afford our son's college. that's right. i'll salvage our business first. i want to learn how to cook well. seasoning is a fundamental step in cooking... there are five basic tastes: salty, sweet, sour, bitter, and umami. would you like to spend your xp. you'll be late, jongsuk. grab a bite before you go... i set it all up. ow... what happened. you've gained 2,000 culinary xp... you've gained the skill "perfect palate... you've gained the skill "seasoning... you've gained the skill "kitchen knife mastery... i fell asleep after reading the book. and in my dream... i experienced the life of the chef i read about. no wonder we're going broke. say what. it's mediocre beyond compare. it could use a little more spice and as for sweetness. since when was chopping radishes this easy. what are you doing... we were going to use that sauce today. try this. oh my... it's really good. well, i'm off to school then... good luck today. wow, this is amazing. please give me some tteokbokki. me too. i was here first. now, now, one at a time. can you kids please get in line. whoa... 350 bucks. we're going to be rich in no time. too bad we ran out of ingredients. with this new recipie. that definitely helped me become a great cook. how is this even possible. i wonder what i should write next. how to get better grades... dating girls... getting better in sports... what will help me the most. you got any experience on studying. write your experience about studying 2000. i'm getting... drowsy. where am i. wudang chi flow. where. the heck am i. sweetie. you'll be late for school, hon. was that a dream. but it was so vivid. i fell asleep while reading the tome. kung fu. the original meaning of "kung fu" is "study... the korean word for "study" is a homophone of the chinese word for "kung fu... what. this scholar came to learn martial arts while aiding the wudang sect. kung fu... means studying. is that why i dreamed about kung fu... because i wrote i wanted to learn how to study better. wake up, sleepyhead. i'm gonna be late for school. what's with the six pack... i'm ripped. is this really my body. the dream must have changed me somehow. after i had that dream about the chef, i woke up tired, but suddenly knew how to cook. and this new dream about the scholar transformed my body. maybe i'm supposed to sleep in order to gain these new abilities. no... i gained the experience by reading the tome. i just needed to sleep so my body could adjust to the changes. so the experience tome gives me answers about a particular experience. there's no information about its author. the wudang sect i dreamed about... they're some kind of a martial arts group, right. does that mean i can kick ass now. maybe i should try out for the soccer team. someone's behind me. whoa, whoa. youngwoo. why did you dodge like that... i got a nosebleed. why did you have to sneak up on me. what's with the crazy reflex, man. how did i do that. am i some kung fu master now... for real. woohoo... it's lunch time. you slept through the entire class and now you wake up. let's go to lunch. wait. what's all this. salt... sugar... pepper. what for. the cafeteria food sucks. it's not that bad. yeah, i used to think so too. whoa... spicy pork and kimchi soup... nice. the spicy pork is one of the better dishes they serve. but my tastes have become more... refined. i'm sure it won't taste very good for me now. join us, jongsuk. gladly. come on buddy, what's keeping you. join us. dang... this is good. where are you going, soochul. i've lost my appetite. can i have your lunch then. don't touch it. don't worry about it, jongsuk. just as i thought. what's that. salt, i think. why are you grinding up the salt. it dissolves better in cold food. oh please... you think you're jordan ramzy or something. it's quantity over quality for me. does this really make a difference. what the heck... it's so good. how can a little salt and pepper make such a big difference. it didn't taste as good because it lacked the proper balance in seasoning. more salt and a little kick, so i added them in. that's all it takes. what do you think decides whether a cup is full or not. the last drop of water. a drop. all i did was add that final drop of flavor. can you do it for me too, jongsuk. you got that. but. hey. i'm not forcing you to do anything. soochul. see ya. jongsuk did something to the cafeteria lunch... and it's crazy good. eunji was the first one who approached him. she's such a flirt. then what are you doing out here. you didn't join them. oh... well... i wanted to eat with you. and why would i do that. well... i just thought... um. now i've really lost my appetite. read to level up. written by lee ji won illustrated by dopamine. original story by hyung sang jun. woohoo... p... e... time. i hate p... e. we've been learning judo in p... e... these days. pick up the pace. our instructors are upperclassmen... cho hyun is the scariest among them all. don't you want to go to yonghyun university for your judo career. but you know you'll never be good enough to get accepted. it just so happens that my father is a friend of that university's chairman of the board. and they go way back. stand up straight, jongsuk. uh... i am. he is. are you calling me a liar... get over here. what's gotten into cho hyun. what did jongsuk ever do. i've got a bad feeling. get ready to spar. jongsuk's going to get his butt kicked. if you still want to go to yonghyun university, do me a favor. punks like you need to be taught a lesson. i want you to kick jongsuk's ass. humiliate the crap out of him. what the. did he turn his body at the last minute to soften the impact. was that a coincidence. was that really necessary. he's right... you bully. poor jongsuk. shut up. eep. crap. let's go again. you got balls, jongsuk. what a badass. where did this sudden confidence come from. don't do it, jongsuk. what did she say. what's with her. eunji's worried for jongsuk. your move. for some reason. fine, i'll go first then. i don't think i'll lose. jongsuk is resisting. cho hyun's being too rough on the poor kid. jongsuk won. how the heck did that happen. i can't believe it. is that really jongsuk. that's incredible. is it me, or is he kinda hot now. is this because of the wudang chi flow. i let a little punk like that take me down. come on, one more round. but this wasn't a fluke. enough. that's enough now. i said stop. you can barely keep yourself together. you'll turn jongsuk into a superstar at this rate. we need to talk. about what. what am i to you. uh, we're friends. i want to take things a step further between us. stop pulling my leg. i'm not. i don't like seeing you getting close with jongsuk. but jongsuk is just a friend too. well, i got dibs on you. i don't like my woman talking to some loser like him. let alone eating with him. don't be like this. you're making me mad. mad... you. what, you think i can't get mad at you. just because you're good looking and you get good grades. fine, maybe you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth. and that's why all those girls have a crush on you. what about you. don't you like me. i don't. why not. i hate the way you're so possessive. and how crude and mean you are. i'm not some object you can claim anyway. i won't let it come to that. you wish. you're mine. may i help you, young lady. hello, ma'am... i'm jongsuk's friend. no need to be so formal. i admit it's nice to see there are still young folks with manners these days. is she jongsuk's girlfriend... the boy takes after his dad, doesn't he. shut up and man the fryer. is jongsuk home yet. he's probably at the bookstore. oh, i see. why don't you come on in and have some tteokbokki while you wait. look at all these ancient chinese manuscripts. wang jia xun ji. lessons of the wang family. the exalted must tend to their subordinates, who in turn must faithfully fulfill their duties. a man's post does not define him... rather, it is the man who defines the post... the man who lets his post define him is a lesser man, but a great man performs his duties and remains unchanged regardless of his post. you can never reassess your performance too much... a dozen reviews of a single task is not enough. do you even know what you're reading there. sorry. it's all written in classical chinese... can you understand it all. well. since when can i read all this. the tome. tome. nothing. i can read this book as if it was written in korean. of course... the scholar in my dream was from the chinese ming dynasty. i guess i picked up on his linguistic abilities too. i wonder if i can speak chinese too. nope... it's all korean. maybe it needs some kind of a trigger. i'm home. eunji. it's not what it looks like. she insisted on helping us out. what are you doing here. want some tteokbokki. no thanks... i'd better get going now. goodbye. come again. what's she doing here. what, you think she's here for the food. she's here to see you, of course. why. because she likes you. personality matters more than their looks. look what happened to your old man when he fell for your mother's good looks. what the hell are you teaching our son. aw. i didn't get to tell him. but still. i feel great. unwavering retention. i wonder what that's supposed to do. i don't feel any different. i can't really place it. if wudang chi flow affected my body... is unwavering retention for my mind. it must have something to do with memory. maybe like a passive skill in games. perfect palate and kitchen knife mastery both proved very useful. but i haven't noticed anything with "unwavering retention... there's got to be something to it. retention... as in keeping something in memory. i can't believe i solved that. there's more greek in here than numbers. how did i pull that off. of course. unwavering retention... as in i won't forget anything i've learned. why am i getting stuck. oh. i must have not learned how to solve this yet. i guess it only works on stuff i already learned. then i'll just start again from scratch. i can teach myself everything now. i could go for valedictorian. i'd love to see how my parents would respond to this. i covered a lot today. who knew studying could be so fun. time for my daily entry. i'll rack up xp little by little. i'm sure it'll all prove useful in the end. i seasoned other kids' lunches... i sparred in judo class... eunji came over to our place. you wrote about your experience with judo and dating... you've gained 25 xp each. well, i wouldn't call it dating. oh, right... the wang book. let's see what i can find online about it. i guess it's not that well known. no search results. maybe i'll try writing about it. you acquired a treasured manuscript, wang jia xun ji... you've gained 2,500 xp. 2,500 xp... but that's as much as saving a person's life. i got 2,500 xp just for finding this book. no wonder the calligraphy was so refined. as far as i can tell anyway. but what do i know about chinese calligraphy anyway. is it me, or is he totally cute now. look at his arms. maybe i should ask him out. didn't you call him a loser. welcome, my best friend. what's this for. for becoming the new heartthrob on campus. and for teaching that douche a lesson in judo class. come on, it was a tie. i'm so proud of you, buddy. keep it down. who dares defy my great. i'm trying to study here. oh... i was just shut up already. i hate art class. art is for pre schoolers. didn't you say you liked not having to read. but i hate getting paint all over myself. you lazy fool. did everyone bring their art supplies. yes, sir. today, we'll paint plants. what should i paint. the scholar's loyalty is unbending like the bamboo... his thoughts distinct like its nodes... his painting is excellent too, but compared to the calligraphy. this is master level stuff. where did you learn this. from a book. a book. with that brush. but that's a regular paintbrush. come see me in the art room. the art room. you have to come. what did the art teacher want. beats me. oh, it's just. you brought your own lunch. look... it's jongsuk. come on in. can you season my food. me three. i heard it's so good. get in line, folks. i'm not a cook. oh, don't be like that. sharing is caring. hey, eunji. hi, jongsuk. oh... it's tteokbokki. i brought it in a thermos so that it won't get cold. eunji went to jongsuk's house. who knew a prude like her would get first dibs. looks like we're too late, girls. you really don't have to do this. but you helped out my parents so much yesterday. seriously. how about i season it for you ladies instead. get lost. go on, try it. it's really good. what a big flirt. i actually think they kind of go well together. i wanna try some of that tteokbokki. just finish your own food. where's soochul. he probably couldn't stand the thought of seeing that crap. so soochul gave up on eunji. yeah, right. don't you know the guy. he never lets anyone take anything from him. principal song. how may i help you, mr... oh... care for a cup of tea. actually, i was hoping you could take a look at this. what is it. oh... that's a marvelous painting. and the writing... it's even more exceptional. i figured you could provide some feedback given your expertise. well, i only learned a little calligraphy from my grandfather. but this doesn't seem to be calligraphy ink... i wonder who would. it was a student. a student. he painted it with a regular paintbrush... the type we use in art class. i'd love to see this young man. he's in the art room right now. who would have known we had a master calligrapher. i wonder when mr... oh's coming. it's going to be class time soon. hello, principal song. are you jongsuk. did you write those words with the bamboos. the principal spoke very highly of your writing. you mean from art class. would you mind showing me. do you have a calligraphy ink and brush. a true calligrapher grinds his own ink. shall we get started, jongsuk. so this is what a real ink block feels like. i took basic calligraphy with liquid ink in class before. but i never had a chance to do the real thing... yet it feels so familiar. could it be because of that dream about the scholar. the sound of the grinding ink block puts me in a tranquil state of mind. such intense focus. writing is like painting a portrait of your own mind. it all begins with grinding the ink block. put your heart and soul into it. yes, grandfather. a true master recognizes another master. even by the way they grind the ink. what should i write. whatever you please. i guess i'll just write something from the wang book. since it's already in my head. yi ting de xin... oh... such bold yet elegant brushwork. it pairs so nicely with the beautiful phrase. it reminds me of wang moon kyung's writing. who. where did you learn to do this. you mean you taught yourself all this. that's impressive. this is for your lovely work. oh, i couldn't possibly. it's only fair i compensate you for such fine calligraphy. thank you. how would you like to write some more calligraphy with me sometime. i suppose you have to get to class now. yi ting de xin. what does it mean. it means you must open your ears if you want to earn someone's heart. also implying you should never pressure anyone to your will. can you take a picture of me with this. focus more on the writing, not me. oh, got it. well, i'd better get to my class too, sir. i bet my friends will enjoy this... i'll share it on our group chat. the more i look at it, the more amazing i find it. just wanted to share this gem. that's lovely. a lovely phrase written in lovely style. where did you get it... and where's the seal... it's got to be written by a famous calligrapher. i'd love to see it in person... let's meet up. hehe, i knew they'd respond like this. wang moon kyung. could he be the author of the wang family book. or did someone just mimic his calligraphy. i wonder if he's pretty famous. a politician and great calligrapher from the qing dynasty. i guess there aren't that many sites in korean about him since he's chinese. wang moon kyung calligraphy price. han seok bong calligraphy price. * han seok bong is a renowned korean calligrapher. a collection of han seok bong's calligraphy can fetch 700 million won. your final exams are starting this week, aren't they. rae food premium rice food. good luck on your exams, honey. this is the first time i'm actually looking forward to taking the exams. this doesn't look so hard. get ready for a big surprise, mom. woohoo... it's over. but we got more exams tomorrow. still, it's great to get off school so early. how was the exam. not bad. that's what you think. you probably bombed it without even realizing. of course, our valedictorian here probably aced it as usual. and eunji probably did okay too. but not you jongsuk. some things never change. hi, eunji. let's go. wanna go to the library. let's study together. actually i was going to go home. wanna hang out after the exams then. sure. you mean it. well, i'll see you around. mr... choi. yes... how are the math exams coming along. someone in your class got a perfect score on the math exam. it must be soochul... he's always been at the top of his class. actually, it's someone else. it's not soochul. i'll proctor this exam. what's the homeroom teacher doing here. if i catch you cheating, i'll rip up your answer sheet. first exam of the day... english. i've got this. c, b, e. i've memorized all the multiple choice answers. and he got them all right. woohoo, the exams are all over. time to partay. don't you always. no way. jongsuk came in at first place. and with perfect scores. soochul is second place. you're amazing. i've taught you well, little grasshopper. since when did youngwoo teach jongsuk anything. nice try, mr... miyagi. isn't youngwoo in the bottom five or something. congrats, jongsuk. you must have worked really hard. hey, jongsucker. oh no... it's sowoo. he's the biggest bully in school. you cheated, didn't you. you got first place. you cheated, didn't you... teach me your tricks. i didn't... don't touch me. you serious... you think i won't kick your ass just because you got the highest grades. this can't be good. shouldn't we try to stop him. don't bother... this is sowoo we're talking about. but what if jongsuk gets hurt. fine, then talk to my fist. i never cheated. son of a. hngh. did jongsuk just beat up the toughest bully in school. you mean that thing in judo class wasn't a fluke. i didn't cheat. wait up, bro. how the hell did he do that. maybe i overdid it with the exam. do you think i cheated too. i couldn't care less. there's a more important matter at hand. how come you left me out, man. you could have shared the cheat sheet with me... what kind of a friend are you. did they already close for today. i'm back. i'm so proud of you, honey. you got the top scores in the entire school. how did you know. your homeroom teacher called. he did. he said he was proud of you. but... don't you guys find me suspicious. suspicious of what. cheating, for instance. my boy, even your old man's been in school. i know it's impossible to get those kind of scores with cheating. sure, you could memorize a few multiple choice answers, but a perfect score. besides, i trust you, son. that's simple and clear enough for me. let's eat out tonight. how about some grilled pork ribs. it's been a while since we've eaten out, but it didn't taste so good. ever since i acquired my perfect palate. at least my parents are enjoying it. i guess when it comes to food, whom you share it with is more important than the food itself. the exams are over and school is out. i'm going on a date with eunji today. i've never been on a date before. what should we do. have i been in the shower too long. i must have washed my hair three times already. i'm nervous... but excited. we went to an amusement park. had lunch. and watched a movie. how bland. here, let me see what i can do. i'm not talking about the juice. then what. we didn't even hold hands today, you know. uh. it's too bad, really. do you mind if we hold hands. oh... okay. the chirping of crickets filled the still night air. what a dream... but we only held hands. come in. principal's office. hello, sir. do you still come to work during break. have a seat. i wrote this... what do you think. it's very nice. is it. do you have some spare time. i'm part of a social gathering called munbangwoo... and they'd love to meet you. me. it's okay. everyone's dying to meet you. very well. do you know about wang moon kyung. why, because your calligraphy resembles his. wang is a famous scholar from the early qing dynasty. he was known for his pristine and beautiful calligraphy. this is a collection of his writings. this is some old school binding. it's got a quaint touch to it. it's the same handwriting as the lessons from the wang family. i'll lend it to you... take a close look. may i, really. is wang pretty famous. he was one of the most renowned calligraphers from the qing era. would you happen to know how much his writing is worth. at least a few million won, i think. a few million. what if this book is an original written by wang himself. about a billion. a billion. he's not that famous in korea. but they may pay much more in china. is this your house. with my salary... i wish. whoa... this is a restaurant. sorry, i'm late. you're always late, song hak. this here is the mr... lee jongsuk i spoke of. mister lee... dang... i feel old now. nice to meet you. welcome. hello... i'm lee jongsuk. relax, kid... that's no way to address such a master calligrapher. oh, right... please excuse my rude behavior, mr... lee. well, this is awkward. give this a taste, jong... i mean, sir. it looks good. i wonder how it tastes. it's delicious. first time i actually enjoyed eating since i acquired perfect palate. it's not too sweet, but nutty. i wonder how the tea is. it's subtly fragrant, like a flower. that's my writing. are you okay. i'm fine. really, it's fine. i'll brew you a new cup. she's gorgeous. she's even prettier than a celebrity. the ink grain is so finely ground. lee ground the ink himself. this looks even better in person. is he trained in the style of wang moon kyung. he's self taught. self taught. enjoy. oh, thanks. why don't you write us something, good sir. i had a feeling i'd be doing this here today. did you have anything particular in mind. jin chung bo gook. of course you'd say that, general. ahem. could you please write jing chung bo gook... repay your nation with the utmost loyalty... it's a classic phrase known to have been inscribed on the back of the scholar warrior general akbi by his mother in the late song dynasty. oh... the "loyalty" part is as sharp as a sword. and the "repay your nation" is like a placid lake. the "loyalty" seems to represent a warrior's bold resolve, and the "nation" part reflects a scholar's serene determination. how astounding. this is some excellent writing. it's perfect for a soldier like you. do you have a seal you use for your works, mr... i'm afraid not. then could you write your name on this corner. every work of art should bear the artist's signature. i'll try writing it in chinese calligraphy. lunch is on me. of course... it's the least you can do in return for such fine writing. so, what do you think about mr... lee's writing. it's fantastic. well done, good sir. please feel free to swing by if you're feeling unwell or for a physical. i'll be sure to provide you a free examination in return seoul hospital... this guy is a big shot. oh, let me give you my card as well. defense research institute. advisor kang, chul jae. m 000 000 0000. i wonder what they do there. retired lieutenant general, former commander of ii corps. lieutenant general... that's a three star. here's mine. vice minister of foreign affairs. former minister of culture and sports. principal song has some serious connections. now, let's dig in... i'm sure our guest is famished. when it comes to fine dining, the presentation and fragrance matter as much as the taste. and as far as i can tell, these look really good. i wish the portions weren't so small though. please help yourself as much as you want... we'll bring out more as needed. oh, you do refills. oh... it's really good. the beef radish soup is robust yet not too heavy. i'm sure the perilla leaves are good too. it literally stinks a bit. excuse me. unsongjung doesn't have many guests, as it runs on a membership basis. a guest in crysanthemum hall spat out the perilla leaves. that gives them enough time to rectify any shortfalls immediately, like a fine dining restaurant should. spat it out. it's not bad... what about the other dishes. he enjoyed them all... except the perilla leaves. bwaha. it's good. here's the food you requested. you seemed to enjoy the meal a lot... so here's a little something for your parents as well. did you enjoy your meal, gentlemen. chef patron kim... long time no see, sir. thank you for coming so often. oh no, we should thank you for such excellent service. do you still personally check on the customers. well, i put my granddaughter in charge of that. but she said there seems to be a particular issue with the food today. what issue. we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. there was something wrong with the pickled perilla leaves. did it go bad. oh, no... it was a problem with the taste. and as such, we will not accept your payment for this meal. lucky you, general kang. in that case, please allow me to treat you to something nice again next time. oh, thank you. i look forward to our next meeting. we'll be sure to prepare something even better next time. take care, chef patron kim. i heard you spat out the perilla leaves, sir. oh, please don't call me sir. but you're a customer. i'd rather have you treat me like your grandson. well, i wouldn't want to make a customer uncomfortable. so, was there something wrong with the perilla leaves. a bit. would you mind sharing what exactly you found wrong with it. there was this subtle stench. well, i appreciate your honesty. and i'm impressed by such an acute sense of taste. it only makes it harder for me to enjoy my food. then do you just force yourself to eat unsatisfactory food. i carry this around. seasoning. the food at the school cafeteria is awful. so i give it a little kick. but seasoning won't change what's already nasty. well, it's the least i can do. i'd love to see you again privately... give me a call... i'll make you something nice. take care. see you. you too. what a rare young man. i know, right. i'm sure he means more than that to you, sohee. you couldn't take your eyes off the boy. he's still in high school... i'm in college. it's still only a three year gap. i suppose so. so, is the food at the school pretty awful. oh no, it's not that bad. well, i think i deserve to know as the principal. i mean the seasoning is a bit. you're supposed to be the executive chef here... how could you miss that. sorry, sir. what's the purpose of serving the pickled perilla leaves. to counterbalance the greasy dishes and to stimulate the taste buds. it may be just a pickle, but it's meant to bring balance to the overall dining experience. so how dare you mishandle such an important part of our menu. i'll rectify this at once, sir. take out all the pickle jars and check again. well, if it isn't my valedictorian son. you guys closed early today. the school's on break, and our main customers are students. i got it from the restaurant the principal took me to. the food was really good there. really... aww, you shouldn't have. it's really, really good. she's right... where did you get it. i didn't know there were such great restaurants in town. now that school is out. we won't have as many kids coming by for a snack... which means a drop in sales. i should figure out a way i can help my folks out. but what. maybe selling this could fetch a fortune. then again, it's not like we're going bankrupt. besides, this book doesn't really belong to me. i should return this to the book store owner... i only paid peanuts for it anyway. how then, can i make some money. with cooking. but all food vendors near schools struggle during the break. maybe i'm just getting in over my head for nothing. i guess my parents could also use the break. irae food. what's up, youngwoo. you want me to come to the community center. what... volunteer service. oh, were we supposed to do some during summer break. how many hours did you do. 16 hours... i guess you already filled your quota. i sure have. then why are you still doing it. it's "volunteer" service, man... you do it out of the kindness of your heart, not for homework. i'm going to put in a few more hours... you're welcome to join me. fine, i'll swing by. what's gotten into him. okay... see you then. no littering. oh, hi jongsuk. why are you staring at the wall. it's a sore sight. but tearing it down and rebuilding it would cost too much. how about painting on it. painting. it could add some color to the drab alley. but what should we paint. something that the little kids would like. and who'd paint it. i will. you. i heard you got the top grades this semester, but i didn't know you're also an artist. just give me the benefit of the doubt. well, you'll have to paint over it if it's not that great. don't worry... just get me some paint. hey youngwoo... i'll start tomorrow. something came up. but tomorrow's saturday... come by next monday instead. i'll start with a base coat. something pretty and colorful would do. i wonder how jongsuk's doing. what do you think. whoa, that's gorgeous. this is my buddy jongsuk i told you about. oh, we could always use an extra hand. i'm kim youngji... a social worker here. looks like it's coming from his "heart" alright. visit an orphanage today... do you like kids. oh, i love 'em. you're such a good sport. i'll do anything you ask. he's like a loyal puppy. then can you load the car with these boxes. on it. let's do it together. did you know they didn't allow marriage between people with the same last names and clans. no. but that's all in the past now... so. they changed the laws since then... you can marry anyone you want, regardless of your last name. and i'm guessing you come from the same clan as her. apparently. i have a feeling that's the least of your worries if you want to marry her. i'll follow her to hell if i have to. phew, it's great to have strong boys like you around for this. you can always count on me. are you driving. yup... got my license three years ago, no accidents so far. shotgun. ah, young love. yay, i get to sit next to her. is this your car. yup. don't chat her up, man. but why a truck. it's more practical in this line of work. original story by hyung sang jun. cypress children's home. can you unload the boxes for me. you can count on me. let's do this, jongsuk. aren't you tired. not if it's for her. now he's starting to freak me out a bit. presents. yay. snacks. and dolls too. here, this is for you. thanks. who knew this could be so fulfilling. where do you live, jongsuk. in front of taejin elementary. i'll drop you off since we're all done for the day. you get credit for three hours of volunteer service today. i love this painting. i saw a place just like this when i travelled to france. are you into art. well, i like looking at them. i wonder who painted this... it wasn't here before. i did. for real. you're an amazing artist. well, i try. how long did it take. two days... i did it over the weekend. and i even got paid for it. great. could you swing by at nine tomorrow. i think i've found a use for your talent. sure... i could use more volunteer service hours. oh... i saw her at the restaurant. what brings you here. i came to collect the tray. oh, they weren't just giving it away. you sure seem a lot more relaxed than at the restaurant. well, that was a "professional" setting for me... whereas this is private. besdies, a college student like me has no reason to be so formal with a high schooler. you had company. am i the third wheel. she doesn't seem to be your age... do you like older women. what... no... she's a social worker. i'll bring you the tray if you could wait just a moment. that's okay. you can bring it yourself next week. she's so hot... who is she. of course, youngji is a hundred times prettier than her. aight, we're going to get going. see you tomorrow. oh, hi. check it out. did you upload this. yeah, it's too pretty not to share... you don't mind, do you. it's fine by me, i guess. 30,000 followers. everyone's asking where this is. i could let them know, with your permission, of course. let's get to work. could you load all these up on the truck. are we going painting. let's paint a mural on the orphanage wall. it was rather drab. i didn't know the community center did stuff like this. we don't... i just want to spruce things up for them. she bought all this paint out of her own pocket. because she's an angel. even if she's not an angel. i guess she's a very nice person. hello, headmaster. ah, you're here again today. do you have anything in particular you'd like painted. something warm and bright would be nice. are you a christian. of course... this is a catholic orphanage. then how about a painting of st... mary and baby jesus. you can paint something like that. we'll just need a couple of paint clothes. i've gotta go... something's came up... go ahead without me. i'll buy you lunch after this. you heard her, right. you should stay behind and help your friend. got it... let's do this, man. mary and jesus. i wonder how they're doing. this reminds me of my late mother. oh, you're already having lunch. did you eat yet. i was supposed to buy you lunch. jongsuk made a delicious meal for us. you cooked as well. just a few side dishes. why don't you join us, lovely lady. try it... jongsuk made it. let's see what you've got. it's just some ordinary fish cake and sauteed potatoes. but it's so full of flavor. i'm going to go finish painting. why don't you have some more. i've already had plenty. you can take youngwoo with youngwoo. he just gets in the way. you're a true friend. well, i ought to let him enjoy his crush while he can. it's really delicious. jongsuk can cook, paint, and even study really well. i guess youngwoo knows how to eat. i'm exhausted from painting all day, but i feel great. i painted on the orphanage wall today... it was a painting of mary and baby jesus... i found a bunch of paintings online, and picked my favorite mary and jesus to create my own painting. you've painted a masterpiece... you've gained 500 xp. my painting is a masterpiece. it didn't say anything about landscapes or other paintings. so the better the painting, the more xp i can get. i guess i should do everything in earnest from now on. with five more hours, i should be done with my volunteer service homework. tomorrow's the last day... that's too bad. i haven't really trained much after learning wudang chi flow. now that i've got all this xp from painting, i should try training. train, the more xp i'll get, not to mention get fit. it's so realistic. who painted this. welfare applications due in june. community center. look. it's so heartwarming... picstagram. id. "i'm going to take a selfie there on christmas... people are commenting on my painting. hundreds of them too. you'll finish your 15 hours today, won't you. lunch is on me today. fine chinese dining. it's good, yeah. it's been a while since i had anything so delicious. you owe her big time, man. it's not as good as unsongjung's food, but it's still pretty good. i saw that car in front of the community center. it looks super suspicious. it can't be a coincidence. can we stop at the convenience store for a minute. why... did you need something. i wanted to get you a drink. oh, i'll get it. now, that would not be very gentlemanly of me. okay, fine... you can buy me a drink. three times in a row... they're definitely following us. take this. aren't you hopping on. 47b. what, kid. why are you following us. three times in a row too. it's not a coincidence, is it. you must be mistaken... we never followed your truck. i never said it was a truck. just beat it, kid. i won't leave until you tell me why you're following her... are you some kind of a stalker. we're not stalking her. i memorized your license plate... i'm going to call the cops if you follow us again. somebody you know. they've been following us since the community center. just ignore them if you see them again. do you know those guys. my dad sicced them after me. bodyguards. something like that. your father must be very rich. why, are you curious. i mean, if he can afford bodyguards for his daughter. yeah, super curious. you have to keep this a secret. my father's the president. like of a huge company or something. actually... of the country. she's the first daughter. but who cares... he's just another man. still you have to keep this a secret, okay. i only told you guys because you're so down to earth. everyone else tends to get really awkward once they find out. the community center doesn't know about this either. they just think i have the same name. they probably never imagined i'd be the president's daughter. the first daughter... this should give me a ton of xp for networking. still. why would the first daughter drive a truck around. original story by hyung sang jun. what's wrong. my romance is over. they say no walls are too high to stop one's love. but the presidency is a wall too high. i think that's the least of your worries, to be honest. here's your certificate of volunteer service, jongsuk. could you swing by again if we need some help with painting. i'll be sure to compensate you. sure, if i'm not too busy. thanks... i'll be in touch. by the way. why are you working here. because i'm a civil servant... that's my job. but you must be able to work in much nicer places. i love helping people. don't they have spots at the ministry of welfare. i can't just work anywhere i want just because my dad's the president. he may be the president, but i'm not. besides, i like helping folks that i can meet and see in person. by the way, getting this job was super competitive. really. i had to study my butt off to pass the civil service exam. i envy you get to do what you love for a living. well, what would you like to do, for a living jongsuk. i'm not sure. what do you like. i love to read, but i'm not sure how that's going to be a full time job. you're worried about your career path. i'm thinking about what i really should do. am i the third wheel here. well, as great it is to have a stable job. you should think about what makes you happy first. and once you figure that out, you should prepare for that career. there could be a lot of competition to get your dream job. so you need to build up your experience to be competitive. so start from there... gain a lot of experience. what sort of experience would you recommend. how about traveling. traveling. going somewhere unfamiliar is a great way to learn more about yourself. that sounds like a great idea. i'm glad... see you around. feel free to come hang out. she's awesome. you're lucky. because your first love is so awesome. best of luck with that. thanks, buddy. i'm out of here. see you... i'll wait for her to get done with her shift. traveling,. maybe i can find some travel books at the he only closes on holidays. oh, it's you, jongsuk. ma'am. where's your husband. he's in the hospital. is he sick. they say it's liver cancer. liver cancer. hospital. i remember. what is it, dr... moon. you want mr... lee to write you something. did you get that. i'll give it a try. i didn't realize he'd hang it in the hospital lobby. ko youngdong. ko. how are you feeling. they found it early enough to treat me. thank goodness. here's the key to the store. why would you give me this. the books will get moldy if i keep the store closed. you can ventilate the store and sell some books while i'm here. i can't pay you though. i'll try my best. don't forget to lock up. got it. you know that book i bought the other day for basically nothing. what about it. it turns out, it's actually a pretty valuable book. is that so. i feel like it doesn't belong to me. you're worried about my hospital bills. even if i were to sell it. i care about you deeply, sir. don't worry about it... i already sold it to you... it's yours. if i had sold it, i would have sold it as a prop for some tv show for pocket change. should i tell him the estimated price. old books are most valuable to those who need it, even if the books may be worthless to others. you're the one who uncovered the value of that book. you're the rightful owner. is that... how it works. you must have been putting so much thought into this. i just felt like i'd be cheating you out of it. that book must be worth an awful lot. it hasn't been verified as an authentic copy yet, but if it is. how much do you think it'll fetch. never mind... don't tell me. i'll just get jealous. do what you want with the book. it's yours. i'm glad they found his cancer early. i guess i'll just sell the book. maybe i can still help him foot the hospital bills. well, if it isn't my dear mr... lee... mr... lee jongsuk. oh, hello. i've been calling you for a while... what's the rush, sir. you said mr... lee... so i thought it was someone else. is someone you know in the hospital. the owner of a book store i go to has been hospitalized. what's his name, if you don't mind. the key to treating hepatic cancer is timing... he's very lucky. he should be fine with surgery and some chemo. i'm glad. did you see the writing in the lobby. everyone says it's great. let me treat you to some tea. whoa. this office is huge. how do you like that writing. shik yak byung chi. moon jaechul. a good diet will keep diseases away. did you write that yourself. i see your signature at the bottom. moon jaechul. we were thinking of having another munbangwoo meeting. could you perhaps grace us with your presence again. when is it. next saturday. is it at unsongjung. that's where we always meet. i'll be there if you let me know. could it be possible for my parents to get a physical here instead of me. oh, of course... they're welcome anytime. things are pretty hectic with my folks at their physical. this is so good. try the soup. nice pipes, by the way. do you work out. a little. how did you find out about the mural. this place has gone viral. youngji must have posted about it. #art #mural #taejin_elementary. are you close with the person who took this photo. i wouldn't know if it was shared by another account. do you know who painted it. but you're so young. you painted all this. i wanted to spruce up the neighborhood a bit. and luckily, everyone liked it so much. do you do portraits. i'd like to get one from you. sorry, i'm working all by myself right now. thankfully, my parents' physical results came out just fine. i'm glad they're healthy. i don't recognize this number. 010 x85x. is this jongsuk. yes, speaking. do you remember the old chef back at unsongjung. chef patron kim. so you do remember. could you swing by unsongjung when you have the time. today. i'd like to show you around, and get you something nice to eat. the food there sure is delicious. i'm going out. where to. remember that really good food i brought home before... the restaurant's owner wants to see me. beats me... i guess i'll find out. is that your valedictorian son you bragged about. yup... and he painted those walls out there too. this is my third time here. i'm so addicted to this tteokbokki. actually, he came up with the recipe for this too. wow, so he can cook on top of the painting and good grades. that's my boy. valedictorian good artist. and he's kinda cute too. is it just the tteokbokki. or can he cook other stuff too. this should be quite the story if i can frame it right. the chef is waiting for you, sir. sir... she's being all formal again now that we're at the restaurant. the garden still looks as lovely as ever. it's amazing how much architecture can set the tone of a restaurant. ah, you're here. no. good... let's get you something nice to eat. but before that. i'll need to ask you for a favor with our sauces. from me. i'm afraid my palate's grown rather dull in my old age. since you discovered there was something wrong with the perilla leaves, perhaps you could help us again. i'm not sure how much help i'll be. just give it a taste and tell us what you think. okay. wow. look at all these pots. the secret to these sauces have been handed down for generations. all these pots are filled with sauces. this way. have a taste. it's a bit off, isn't it. it's just like the perilla leaves i had the other day. the stink. try it. there's something stinky about it. you all try it too. i don't notice anything strange. it's supposed to be stinky. you can't tell what's wrong with its odor. most folks won't be able to tell. it's that subtle. but this soy sauce belongs to our unsongjung, the last bastion of traditional korean cuisine. we can't miss even the slightest detail. when did we bring these pots down from our mountain storage. ten days ago... there was nothing wrong with the soy sauce then. so the flavor must have changed within those ten days. open the lids and check them all. i have to taste all these pots. i feel nauseous. that's enough. i could tell by the look on your face. i feel bad now. these are our very special rice balls. rice balls. it's got a nice glossy texture, but doesn't stick to my fingers. and it's good. the seasoning is perfect... and the filling is so rich. what do you think is in it. well, there's rice and salt, of course. but i'm not sure what this filling is. take a guess. the salt melds nicely with the sweetness of the rice. as for the filling... it's packed full of umami and nutty richness. if you can guess what's in the filling, i'll teach you the recipe. could i sell these. sell them. my family runs a snack bar. and we don't have that many items on the menu. but i think this will sell really well. sure, if you can guess the ingredients. it seems to be meat, but it's not fatty. lean meat... like jangjorim. when i was little, i used to think jangjorim was made of tree bark. mainly because the beef was so tough and it shred along long grains like wood. pork jangjorim. i think these are shredded pork jangjorim. unsongjung is all about continuing the tradition of fine korean cuisine. but beef is traditionally considered an expensive meat in korea. whereas rice balls are a more casual fare. so using beef would be overkill. that's why i figured it's pork. assuming this recipe is based on traditional style cooking, that is. i could be wrong if this is a more modern take on the familiar comfort food. so if you're wrong, does that mean unsongjung no longer honors tradition. well, i didn't mean it like that... but am i. like you said, rice balls are meant to be simple. and the filling is indeed made from pork. i didn't realize pork could be so lean. it's made of jerky. the key is to shred the dried pork carefully along the grains. and once you chop it all up and mix with the soy sauce, it brings out the umami. the most important part is to get the ratio of rice and salt right. and what is the ratio exactly. it varies depending on the condition of the salt and rice that day... you'll just have to get a feel for it. so it's just like how i made the tteokbokki sauce. do you think you could make these rice balls. i think i can make them pretty similar,. our apprentice chefs can only get promoted if they can manage to get these rice balls right. it usually takes at least two years of training... but you think you can do it. somehow, i believe him though. now we must figure out what spoiled the soy sauce. the pots are immaculately managed. bring me the pot management log. the times of day the lids are opened... the saline levels of the sauces. i guess this is why he asked me to come. but how could i possibly help. even his executive chef seems to be a remarkable talent. whereas my cooking experience is more aligned with western styles, i think. what could have caused the soy sauce to spoil. come to think of it, this place looks just like that tv show, "the epicure... in the show, they messed up the sauces by sprinkling the wrong type of salt across the ground. it's salt. so they really do spread salt across the ground. what are you doing. have you seen the they shot it here. that reminds me of the episode when they ruined the soy sauce. they made the mistake of using salt that had aged for only three years... we don't make such amateur mistakes here. right. we only use salt that's been aged for five years or more. so what could be the cause here. could i get a pen and paper. i wonder if the tome of experience will answer me if i wrote on this as well. what changed the soy sauce. it's as if my hand is writing on its own. change always involves cause and effect... they may seem to be opposites, but they are in fact one and the same. is this the experience of the merchant... or the scholar. the way it's written sounds like the scholar. the effect is the change in the sauce's flavor... then what could be the cause. how can i fill in the blanks here. when did the soy sauce change flavor. the first time we noticed was when you spat out the perilla leaves. then when was the last time you tasted the sauce before then. two months ago, before we went on a trip. so it happened sometime between two months ago and my first day here. did you change anything about these pots since then. nobody changed a thing while i was gone. then why. every change has a cause,. the flavor probably changed while you were gone, then. something must have happened during that time window to affect the sauce. can you think of anything... anything small, even. like you said, sir, we didn't change anything about the pots while you were gone. not a thing. not at all. was it just the soy sauce i tasted. or are all of these pots affected. you actually tasted from multiple pots. do you happen to have a layout of these pots. each number represents what sauce is in the pot. number one is pepper paste, two is soy paste. which of the pots were affected. do you think there might be something wrong with the ground. yeah, i think so. move the pots aside. dig. i feel bad for making them work so hard... i hope we find something. it's a dead rat. it's been dead for a while... it's already half rotten. dig up the other spots as well. why are there dead rats in the ground. it's far too sunny out here to draw vermin. i'm sorry, sir. she manages the pots. do you still perform the gosure ritual. that's part of my job, sir. are you apologizing because you think the food you sprayed for the ritual killed the rats. i'm sorry sir... i should have been more careful. for the record, your job isn't to attract rats to the pots. in korean folklore, chulyoong is the god of fermentation pots. chulyoong. he keeps the sauces from spoiling. the gosure ritual in his honor involves tossing bits of food around... which seems to have attracted the rats. but didn't you perform the ritual for years now... why would the rats die so suddenly. gather up the entire staff. how would the rats in the ground affect the sauce. these earthen pots are made to "breathe... meaning the soil they're buried in can affect the contents. the rotting rat carcasses must have stunk up the sauce. i see. going to do with all that sauce now. we'll have to throw them out. it may be a subtle stink, but it can't be good for the body. i'm afraid unsongjung is far too picky to overlook the risk. all these people work here. there's got to be at least a hundred. has anyone used rat poison as of late. rat poison... is that what killed them. whoever did it, i know you meant no harm. the important thing is now you know better to never repeat that mistake. whoever you are, show yourself. that's the new guy in charge of the pantry. he probably got in trouble when the rats raided the grains in the pantry. and naturally, he turned to rat poison to make his life easier. don't use rat poison from now on. rotting dead rats are far worse than alive ones. understood, sir. train the staff again on the process, and toss that soil where the rats were far away from here. you're a lifesaver, jongsuk. oh, you're far too kind. i didn't know rats could dig underground. why do you think so many rats live near cemeteries. you can even find rats aboard ships. oh, right. very well, i'll whip up something extra special for jongsuk today. let's have something scrumptious. i'll prepare the food. it's even better today than the last time. none of these dishes are all that fancy. but they're perfect. this clear fish broth is seasoned lightly to give it a crisp, refreshing taste. i can taste the smoky goodness from this broiled pork. it's only lightly seasoned with salt, but it's packed with flavor. is everything all right. they're perfect... i wish i could have this every day. then swing by every day. great job today. oh, i really didn't do much, sir. we'll give you a ride home. oh, that's okay, really. no, no... we owe you. oh, are you coming too. do you mind. oh, not at all. don't you have to attend to your restaurant today. we're closed on tuesdays and wednesdays. two whole days. we take tuesday off, but wednesday is for preparing the ingredients. oh, marvelous. i painted it. did you, now. we got you some snacks as well. oh my gosh... master chef kim bongnam. it's really you, isn't it. could we get a photo with you, sir. i didn't realize he was so famous. i guess it's no surprise given his standing as the leading chef in traditional korean cuisine. you could be like him too, if you want. i'll teach you. oh... thanks. did you bring chef kim bongnam here, son. wait, did you bring all that food from unsongjung the other day. you know that place, mom. yeah... they feature it in that food program, "breakfast of the morning calm... i wouldn't know... i'm usually at school that early in the day. and who's this lovely lady. i'm chef kim's granddaughter. oh, nice to meet you. we're very grateful. sorry... grateful for what. you must be jongsuk's mother. i'm such a big fan. could i offer you a cup of tea. hoping i could have a taste of your tteokbokki. our tteokbokki. well, no... but i'm not sure you'll like it. oh, i love tteokbokki. then please come in. sorry about all this. well, i'm used to all the attention. i knew you were famous, but i didn't realize you were on tv too. i'm not the sort to chase after vanity, but i do feel it helps promote traditional cuisine among the public. yeah, i can totally see that. i hope you'll like it. it smells wonderful. hopefully you'll say the same thing about the taste. vermicelli. i added it to change things up. did you invent the recipe. everyone says it's good, but chef kim's palate is at another level. relax... i'm not here to judge you. that actually makes me even more nervous. then i'd better hurry up and eat already. the seasoning is on the money. sweet potato vermicelli, it's got the best texture. and the sweetness of the sweet potato goes really well with the spicy tteokbokki sauce. what else. i guess there's no fooling my vocation. pardon. i'm supposed to just sit here and enjoy this hospitality. but i found myself analyzing the food before i knew it. having said that, is that kick coming from the shredded radish. you really got the heat right too... it's not too spicy but not bland either. i guess all your mom's homecooked meals must have taught you a thing or two. you haven't tried my mom's cooking. the fish cake broth is very refreshing. it usually leaves a funky aftertaste, but yours just lingers so pleasantly. that's probably because we rinse the fish cake in hot water first to remove the extra oil. business must be booming with such a fine cook like you. all i do is mix everything in jongsuk's sauce, really. this was all you. did you go to culinary school or something. well, i read about it. from the tome, but technically it's still true. thank you for the lovely meal. oh, i'm so honored. how did you get to know the chef. oh, just here and there. who is this guy and what has he done to my son. how did you like the tteokbokki. it was lovely. and what would the chef version of you say. it reminded me of our rice balls. just like the way we keep it simple, with just the salt and a bit of soy sauce in the pork jerky. jongsuk stuck to the basics with his tteokbokki. there's nothing outlandish about his recipe... but it tastes perfect. the radish and vermicelli adds the extra texture to the dish. every element comes together in perfect harmony. precisely... the lad knows how to stick to the basics, which is harder than most think. are you planning on training him. well, what's your take. his palate could rival those of our top chefs. well, you can't survive the kitchen with the palate alone. i guess there's only one way to find out. we did meet him only twice now, i suppose. he's still in high school... you've got plenty of time to keep him close and see how it goes. keep him close... close to whom exactly. aw, come on grandpa. i helped find the cause behind the spoiled soy sauce at unsongjung. the experience of deduction... you've gained 250 xp. i guess the tome has some detective stuff to offer too. the clear fish broth and the rolled omelets were. you wrote about the virtue of maximizing the inherent flavors of natural ingredients... i guess even eating other people's cooking can give me experience. from now on, maybe i should think about whose cooking i eat. 500 xp's quite a bit, after all. though it's not a surprise given chef kim's standing. the wang book. have this appraised during the next munbangwoo meeting. if i can get an estimate, i'll cover mr... ko's hospital bills and as for the rest. no use counting the chicks before they hatch... i should see what the estimate is first. aww... why didn't they just go to bed. her shoulders are rock hard. she must be exhausted. i guess with the business booming. she's worked herself so hard that she didn't even notice me carrying her. tome's got anything on massages. got any experience on massages. acupressure. what is acupressure. it is the art of opening up blocked chi nodes to facilitate circulation by applying pressure with one's hands and fingertips. is it good for you. i cannot answer that. would you like to gain experience on acupressure. if it's going to help with circulation. i think i can use this to help my parents stay healthy. acupressure 3000 xp. acupressure practitioners can heal their patients with their bare hands... the first practitioner of acupressure was. the first practitioner of acupressure was a student of the thousand leaves hand technique... it was a shaolin monk. master... please allow me to relieve your fatigue. how. please lie down over here. i learned this while training in the art of the thousand leaves hand. haa. hut. the monk helped relieve the muscle pains in his master. although it must have hurt like crazy at first. i'm done. i see... this is very nice. he must have felt so refreshed afterwards. the monk learned not only martial arts, but also medicine. and then he set off on a journey. please help... anyone. halt, you brigands. why don't you just beat it, baldie. you're digging yer own grave. we'll see whose graves i'll be digging. once i'm done with you. hiyah. he's a kungfu master. run. are you okay, ma'am. how could i ever repay this debt. where are you going, sir. i have a calling to fulfill. all these adventures of this monk. they're like something out of a kungfu action novel. the ultimate reason for learning acupressure. was to treat the commoners who had little access to doctors. acupuncture xp 3,000. you learned the following skills:. the thousand leaves hand technique. acusense. tell me more about those skills. thousand leaves hand: the basic barefisted fighting technique of shaolin monks, involving quick, powerful strikes. acusense: performing acupressure will unveil secrets about the person's physical status. get some sleep to fully make this new experience mine. i wonder how lovely that lady the monk saved was. why am i thinking of sohee. i guess sohee's prettier. i feel like i got even more shredded than before. time to put this to the test, then. where are you going so early. i'll fetch some spring water from the mountain. woohoo. wow, your body's full of knots, dad... i'll get started. what's with the massage, son... you're making me nervous. don't worry... you can trust me. let's test out how effective this technique is. oomph. that hurts like hell. it's good for you... suck it up. you sure you know what you're doing. this is supposed to be great for constipation. go to the bathroom when you feel the signal. but i already went this morning. we'll find out if this really worked in a bit when you go to the bathroom. did it stop hurting. it only hurt at the beginning... i feel relaxed now. whoa... duty calls. don't forget to keep flushing to prevent blockage. what have you done to the poor man. it's actually really great for your guts... come on, mom... your turn. well, i'm all yours. let's start with your shoulders first. i'll get to your guts once dad's done... otherwise, you might soil the floor. what am i, a baby... i can hold it in. i'll start nice and easy. i read about it... try to relax. where did you learn this massage. does that hurt. i knew it... her shoulders are all tense from stress. ow... it hurts... but in a good way. does it hurt your back if you stay standing too long. yeah, that's why i'm always tensing my legs... why do you ask. her pelvis is all twisted. keep your back straight and look in front of you. aww, son... i'm okay, really. breathe out slowly, mom. it's painful but relaxing, right. yeah... i guess. her spine and pelvis have been corrected... i'll get to the other parts in due time. dad... are you done yet. almost... hngh. were you constipated... what's taking you so long. lie down, mom... let's get started on you too. ah... that's so relaxing... you're good at this, sweetie. i can barely stand up. honey... open the windows... you'll kill us all. gah... it's cold. should i close it again. no, keep it open to get the smell out for now. whoa... you're pretty bad too, dear. i know... i gotta go. the next morning. unsongjung. a munbangwoo meeting is being held today. i wonder how much the wang book is worth. a million won... ten million... i can't put a finger on it at all. please let me show you the way, sir. wait, sohee. i'm at my workplace. i brought the rice balls i made with chef kim's recipe. you made these. yeah... i put my own twist on it. well... i guess the salt is a bit milder compared to the rice's sweetness. this is really good... there's something different from our pork jerky recipe... what could it be. to that meeting then. i'll get these to the chef once he gets here. the appraiser will be here shortly, sir. what mr... lee is about to show you is. it's an old book i've been studying. i think i might have to sell it. it could easily be at least two centuries old. it appears to be written by wang moon kyung. oh... that beautiful brushwork is definitely wang's. my heart is racing like the time i met my first love. there you go again about your first love, you old fool. no wonder you remarried twice already. tis a butterfly's fate to chase after the flowers. they all seem to like it... but i wonder what it's worth. hello... i'm kang seungyoon... i'm an appraiser at the national museum. is this the book you wanted me to take a look at. i'll get started right away. this appears to be a copy of wang xia xun ji. the only written record of this book is that it was brought from china to korea during the japanese annexation. i'll have to take a closer look to be completely sure, but. it appears to be an original. an original. then how much is it worth. may i ask who owns this book. i do. you... this book is yours. where did you get this, son. is that important... i just want to know what it's worth. if you happened to get this by shady means. you don't have to worry about that... just tell me how am i being so confident right now. is it thanks to the merchant's experience. a true merchant knows how to deal with people, armed with keen insight and negotiation skills. how much were you hoping for. this book is worth a fortune. but the kid probably doesn't know any better... i'll buy it right away if he calls a low price, and leverage my expertise to haggle if he asks for too much. how much can you give me. wang isn't exactly the most renowned writer in korea. but he's famous in china. true. i could always sell it in china instead then. dang... the kid's got some moves. i'm not sure how much you know about classical chinese books, but. you're an expert in that field, right. then you must know a lot about calligraphy too. what do you think of this. it's... remarkable. it's exactly like wang's own writing... most impressive. is that right. could someone from munbangwoo have written this. i've always known you gentlemen for your fine brushwork. which of you wrote this. i wrote it. you, sir... you can mimic wang's style... that's impressive. i try. he's calling me sir now after treating me like a kid. you must be very attached to this book... i'm curious why you'd be willing to sell it. someone i know is sick... so i need it to cover their hospital bills. wang moon kyung's writings often fetch a hefty price. but this book isn't in mint condition. and does not bear his seal either, as you can see. so how much is it worth. by rough estimate, it's worth at least. assuming it's purchased by a private collector. between 200 to 300 million won. it's worth a fortune even without the seal. if you need the money right away. the museum could purchase it for 100 million won. i guess there's a big gap from what a private collector is willing to pay. dr... kim, how much will mr... ko's hospital bills come out to. around 20 million won, with insurance coverage. could we take a short break. certainly, sir... take your time to think it over. that's a big difference between 100 and 300 million. should i just sell it for 100 million... what would the merchant say... or the scholar. can't decide. oh... sohee. i heard the gist of it. i should probably sell it to a private collector if i want to make more money, right. look at it in the long run. the long run. think about why you wanted to sell it in the first place. it was to cover mr... ko's hospital bills. sure, money is important... but so are people... and what the gentlemen in munbangwoo will think of you. perhaps the wang book wasn't meant to be mine forever. thanks... you helped me make the right choice. i'd better get back in there. my grandfather will be going on set soon... care to join him. what set. breakfast of the morning calm... i'm sure it'll be a great experience for you. sure... i'd be happy to. i'll let you know when. i'll sell it to the museum. when can you deposit the payment. as soon as we can authenticate the book. you have to do it again. at this juncture, i have to ask how you got the book. excuse me... a word please, mr... do you have a coin on you. um... let's see. here you go. retain me as your attorney. come to think of it, his name card. hong suk. managing partner. hong & chang law firm. you want to be my lawyer, sir. just in case. what was the coin for. i don't work pro bono. our conversation will be protected by attorney client privilege. thank you so much, sir. you can count on me about the wang book. oh, hey jongsuk... what brings you here. have a tangerine. sir, you make around 50,000 won per day at the book store, correct. if i may, how did you manage to keep the business afloat. well, the building's mine for starters. what... the entire bulding. my childhood dream was to run a bookshop or a cafe... so i started one and leased the space to another. he owns the building... he must be loaded. i sold the book. and you're here to give me the profits, it's just too much for me to take. i don't know how much that book was worth, but i'm rich enough to own a building... that means i can afford to pay all my bills, especially with my insurance compensation. you should hang on to that money for a rainy day. but don't you want to know how much. on one condition. having been a businessman for 20 years, i learned a thing or two about people. you mean me. yes... consider this my investment in you. hello, ma'am. shh. finally, it's our senior year. hey, take this. what's this... a love letter. it's not from me... it's from eunji. come to think of it, i didn't see her around this semester. come on... were you that busy during the break. i sure was... both my body and my heart. eunji moved abroad, you fool. what... for real. she left you a note because she didn't even get to say goodbye to you. i had no idea. hi jongsuk. hi, jongsuk... i tried getting in touch and even stopped by. i tried to get in touch and even stopped by at your parents' store, but you seemed really busy. my family and i are moving to canada. and i have to confess you were my first love. i wonder how. you felt about me though. take care, then... love, eunji. oh... so i was your first love... eunji. although it was only a dream. you were my first kiss. i can't believe i get to attend the set of my favorite show. it's an honor to be invited to such a wonderful opportunity... i heard the set is lovely and the food is marvelous. i'm glad you're pleased. i hope i didn't keep you waiting for too long. oh, you're good to go, sir. these are the dishes that will be featured in today's episode. they're perfect for this season. oh my, it smells lovely. why don't you go for a stroll in the village. will do. and may i borrow your son in the meantime. i'm not sure how i can help. just share your opinions honestly about what you taste. what if it's not very good. who makes the most delicious food in the world. could it be... mothers. that's right... what mother wouldn't make the best dishes possible when they're cooking for their children. i guess it'll have to be good. we're rolling. on today's episode. we'll take a look at some seasonal herbs. please let me introduce this young man... i consider him like he's my own grandson. hello... i'm lee jongsuk, a senior at taejin high school. for today's episode. we've prepared a wild herb salad and mugwort soy paste soup. i wonder if there's anything i can help out with while i'm on a break. should i cut some firewood to earn my keep. hey, that sounds like a great idea... i'm sure the folks here would love it. oh my gosh... look at that. whoa... he's like one of those pop stars. one of the buff ones, too. i knew i was right about him. dang, this is going to make some great footage. hey, get this kid that new shirt we got for product placement... he'll catch a cold. coming. i'm his manager... i'll get it to him. you've cut plenty... why don't you change your sweaty shirt. oh, sohee. you'll catch a cold... change into this. oh my gosh... look at his muscles. whoa... he must work out a lot. dang... this is like a movie. wow... that's incredible. gulp. what am i thinking... he's still a kid. why do you keep shooting me. oh... we just take a bunch of extra shots to fill the time if we need to later. snore. they're completely knocked out. a bit of rice wine offered by the community will do that to you. been there, done that. i've never seen them so happy... they're always so busy with their restaurant, you see. keep them happy while you can... you'll grow too old and busy to do nice things for your parents one day. i'll keep that in mind. dang, son... you're a superstar. check out this incredible hunk. an ordinary high school student... not by far. look at these amazing grades. last but not least, this guy can cook. why am i. you're a celebrity now, buddy. way to go, jongsuk. look at all these comments. dayuum, check out those pipe. he's chopping firewood like a pro. where did he learn to cook. he's probably going to become a chef. maybe we should get your autograph before it's too late. hey, jongsuk. remember me. sure... you were at that film set. you have a few minutes. titan chef teens... it's a program where prospective chefs team up with young pop stars to compete against each other. but aren't there plenty of capable chefs out there. sure, but they're all grown ups... it's rare to find young folks who are that good. the thing is, jongsuk's a senior this year. oh no worries... i'll only take up two days of your son's time... one day to meet his partner, and one day to shoot the episode. i think i can manage to take two days off. sure, i guess you never let us down, son. come to this address tomorrow. ff music apgujeong, gangnam, seoul street 122 47. nice to meet you... i'm sunny from saffron. oh... hello... how do you do. wow, she's even cuter in person. you don't have to be so formal with me... i'm still a junior in high school. let's go to the cafeteria... they've got plenty of ingredients there, so we could get a few shots in. what would you like to eat, sunny. don't overeat... you'll put on pounds before you know it. sunny's manager. i want meat, of course. you've got some serious knife skills. it's ready... give it a taste. oh my gosh... it's so good. i thought she was just trying to be polite but it really is delicious. but there's something missing. the viewers can't taste the food from across the screen. we'll have to give them something to see and hear, you know. think you can eat some more, sunny. okay, take two. i'll give them something to hear with the sound of cooking. that sounds amazing. and what sounds more amazing. than the sound of sizzling oil. and the most pleasing sound when eating. comes from slurping noodles. he catches on quickly. there... give it a try. these noodles are so amazing... and the meat just melts in my mouth. and... cut. great... i think we got enough footage for today. the actual competition is tomorrow, right. yeah... and i'm afraid i can't tell you what you have to make... they like to decide on the spot for the extra suspense. i wonder if i can really pull it off tomorrow without getting nervous. good job today... get plenty of rest and see you tomorrow. thanks, you too. you didn't stuff your face just because i wasn't watching, did you. but i thought you wanted me to come across as down to earth on these shows. whatever... we're going to put you back on that diet once you get popular enough. i hope she doesn't get into trouble. see you tomorrow, sunny. thanks... go team. the next day. it's finally the day of the cooking competition. it'd be nice to win if i'm going to compete, right. i'll gain a bit more cooking experience. cooking 2000. duke jean lardo always fancied a warm meal... but he also warned that there's a right temperature for every dish... keep the warm dishes warm, and the cold ones cool. culinary xp... you learned the skill "tasty temperature... you've become more adept at "kitchen knife mastery... you've become more adept at "seasoning... korea broadcasting corporation studio. green room sunny, mr... i guess this is it's game time. oh, hi... you're here early. this is the roster of all the contestants today. lee anna – team a age: 17 school: ojeong vocational high school awards: bronze medal, national chinese cuisine competition. heo in guk – team b age: 18 school: gangwon jeil high school awards: first place, world youth cooking championship first place, national korean cuisine technical competition. lee jongsuk – team c age: 18 school: taejin high school awards: none. i'm the only one who hasn't won any competitions. you can do this... i believe in you. thanks... let's give it our best shot. we'll be rolling in five minutes... get ready, kids. are you lee jongsuk. how could you tell. there's only three teams, and the other one's led by a girl... i figured you were the other guy. i didn't see any awards in your bio... and you don't even attend a culinary school. so where did you learn to cook. me... i... read about it. bwahaha. you got someone watching your back in the studio. what do you mean. oh, please... you're just jealous. he's nothing but a noob. oh yeah... you'd better brace yourself because he's going to outcook you all. you know, you two do make a great team. i'll show you what happens when a couple of amateurs try to go toe with the pros. they're about to start, sunny. got it... let's win this. we're getting started... everyone to your positions. hello... ladies and gentlemen. welcome to today's episode of titan chef. but oh wait, today's a special episode... that's right... it's titan chef teens. please give a warm round of applause for our contestants. now, for the first dish of today. first theme the best dish you can make for your parents. here it is. a dish for my parents,. you may use the ingredients in front of you. you have 30 minutes... and... begin. 30 minutes... that's not a lot of time to cook... i guess they've got a show to run though. miss out on all the good ingredients... hurry. does sunny know what she's doing. she's packing her bowl full of meat. are your folks here. yeah. what do they like. this mission is obviously geared towards the pop star members' families. oh... then seafood will be good. okay, then let's get this, and this. you sure that's enough. we only have 30 minutes... let's focus on our objectives. team c seems to be making a stock out of the beef and chicken. they seem to have gotten started with the stock first given the short amount of time they get. why are they using two pots. they're probably going to toss out the first batch and start a cleaner second batch. jongsuk seems to be a lot more experienced at cooking than we thought. why's he saut ing the prawn heads and tossing them in water. to bring out the umami flavor in the prawns, i bet... frying them once should maximize the flavor of the stock. and our lady here is dousing her steak in olive oil. it keeps the steak nice and juicy. it seems like all the other teams are doing just fine... and i'm the only one making a soup. well, we have team a's "daddy steak". and team b's "cotton tofu balls... i'm drooling just looking at them. time's almost up... is team c still at it. oh... and here he comes. and his dish is titled... a warm meal... does it come in the pot... i don't see any fancy plating. it's meant to be eaten straight from the pot to keep it nice and warm. now if the contestants will step aside. please let me introduce our judges. oh, that's my dad. just as i thought... the pop stars' parents are the judges for this round. your children have prepared these meals for you. none of you know which dish your child has cooked. simply place your name tag at the dish you think is most delicious. i'm opposed to this method of judging. keep it rolling. oh, jongsuk... what do you mean. the theme of this round is to make a dish for our parents. that's precisely why the parents are the judges. and that's what's wrong with it. the reason being. but won't the parents be able to tell which dish their children cooked. that's true. are you worried they can easily find their child's dish and vote in their favor. it's precisely the opposite. i think the best dish is a dish that one can enjoy comfortably. they won't be able to enjoy these dishes looking so nervous like that. they're worried they might not be able to find the dish their children made. and that their children might get eliminated because of that. i just thought we should stick to the mission here. let the parents just enjoy the meal without having to worry about judging... select two of the panel members to judge this round instead. two from the panel. let them pick one team each... whoever doesn't get selected will be eliminated. very well, as jongsuk suggested, please go ahead and enjoy the dishes without worrying about judging. will the contestants please explain their dishes to their parents. we made a seafood hot pot because sunny told me you love seafood. we also made the broth from scratch, with beef and chicken. that sounds very delicious. here, daddy... be careful... it's hot. how is it. it's amazing. please enjoy yourselves now that you don't have to judge anyone. it's time to announce the results of this round. will the contestants please return to their seats. one team will be eliminated from this round. and the team to be eliminated is. team a... daddy steak... teams b and c will proceed to the finals. why did you choose team c's hot pot. because of the temperature of the food. the temperature and not the taste. sometimes the temperature gives the finishing touch to bring the seasoning together. i could tell the contestant put in tremendous thought into whoever will be eating this dish. and why did you select team b's cotton tofu balls. the tofu balls had a nice, soft texture, but were also very robust and filling. we will return with the final round between these two amazing teams. and cut. let's take a short break and shoot the finals as soon as the set is ready to go. that was some fine cooking back there. are you going to keep cooking. i think of it more as a hobby. if you're that good at your hobby, full time chefs like me ought to be ashamed. oh... i didn't mean it like that. we were deeply moved by how much thought you put into the person who'd be eating the food. we look forward to the finals. oh... thank you. who the hell you are, changing the rules. i only spoke my mind. and what was that bull about this being a hobby of yours. i've been doing nothing but this for six years since junior high... are you kidding me. i never meant to disparage anyone serious about cooking, including you... i just haven't decided if this was the right path for me yet. i hate it when mediocre morons like you think you can just jerk us around. idea how hard guys like me work to improve our cooking. look, i get it... i didn't mean it like that. whatever... i'm going to crush you during the final round, so brace yourself. the final round will be split into two parts. and here's the first mission. theme ultimate comfort food. you have 30 minutes... begin. the ultimate comfort food. what do you crave when you get sick or something. when i get sick. i wish i could be sick on your behalf, sweetie. don't say that, mom. can i get you anything to eat... how about some meat... or porridge. i want what you do best... you know. you don't mean kimchi stew, do you... but we eat that pretty much every day. but that's what i crave the most. do you know why i want to become a pop star, mom. so i can become rich and give you a good life. aww, aren't you an ambitious little girl. so please stay by my side for a long, long time without getting sick. of course... i promise. i crave... my mom's kimchi stew. kimchi stew. i crave it so much... especially now. and they're done. team c has made pork kimchi stew. and team b's made abalone porridge. who will win. they're finally ready. both teams prepared fairly common food that folks like to eat when they're sick. team b's pop star member yoo young will give it a taste. it's got that ocean scent i remember from my childhood. well, in guk, what was your intent behind this dish. i thought of yoo young's island hometown of wando as i prepared the dish. she told me about the abalone porridge her grandma used to make her when she collapsed from going on an extreme diet before she debuted. she said something about an ocean scent. clams are the easiest ingredients to find in wando. usually, the broth is made from anchovy and dasima kelp. but i wanted to give it that old familiar flavor from yoo young's hometown. i feel so energized after eating this abalone porridge. what a moving story to go with such a delicious dish. looks like team c's dish is a very common dish as well. sunny... do you crave kimchi stew the most when you're sick. my mother passed away when i was in junior high. until then, i took her home cooked kimchi stew for granted. but i couldn't find anything that tasted like hers afterwards... no matter how many famous restaurants i'd dig through. it just never tasted the same. what a heart wrenching story... and did jongsuk's version taste close. yeah... actually it tasted just like my mom's cooking. your secret to replicating her mom's recipe, jongsuk. it's simple... a pinch of msg. when moms cook at home, they often don't have the time to get that umami flavor right. so they often add a pinch of msg to give it that final touch. ooh. it's always my mom's secret weapon too, when she just can't seem to get it right. so i added some here, as i was reminded of my mom's own cooking. honestly, i didn't think that would be the secret. but he's right... it tastes exactly like my mom's cooking. sounds like it's going to be a close match this round. we'll just have to see how the judges on the panel feel. we will now announce the winner. and the winner is. oh my... it's a tie. looks like the next round will decide our final winner. we'll be right back after these messages for the final round. studio hallway. sohee. remind me message. slide to talk. hey, i heard you're going to the finals. the producer there also works on my grandfather's show, remember... anyway, i knew you'd be great at this. thanks... i am a bit nervous about the final round though. i don't know if this will help... but don't forget what got you that far in the first place. most chefs are busy trying to boast their skills at these contests. but you think about the person who'll eat your food first... as long as you hang on to that attitude, i'm sure you'll win. thanks, sohee. your story about your mom got us to the finals. all i said was i was craving kimchi stew... this is all thanks to you. i heard the prize money is 10 million won... where do you plan to use it. my college tuition... how about you. i'm going to give it to my dad... he deserves every cent after supporting me all these years. and i'm sure he can count on you for many more years once you make it big... don't be a stranger when you become a huge star. oh, come on... i could never be a jerk like that... don't you forget me when you become a hugely popular chef either. how's he going to become a popular chef if he only cooks as a hobby. you may have made it to the finals with your tear jerking story. oh please... you did the same thing with the island grandma. you can't put clam stock made from scratch on the same level as a soup seasoned with msg. as important as it is to use good ingredients, i thought it was also important to keep in mind the person who'll be eating the food. and don't get so cocky yet... you don't know if we'll beat you. you got lucky so far... but the final round is going to show you who's the real boss. you're such an. sunny. you're too nice. i wonder what the final mission will be. but whatever it is, let's try our best, like we've always done. you bet. and now, we will begin the final round. are you ready. we will now announce the final mission. the final mission is. what you crave the most... right now. what i'd like to eat... right now. right now. what are you in the mood for, sunny. nothing, really. everyone already had seven dishes, including those from other teams. not to mention the food coma setting in after this long shoot. shouldn't we go grab some ingredients. looks like they picked the fanciest dish possible since this is the finals. they're using meat... and a lot of spices too. let's go, sunny. with rice... i'm so full. exactly... which means what you're craving the most right now is. something that will go down easy. i'm making scorched rice gruel and fresh kimchi. isn't that way too simple. i'm sure everyone is feeling stuffed from eating all those heavy foods. nothing like a hot, light gruel to wash it all down. looks like they're making something fancy and exotic. you in the mood for more meat. just thinking about meat makes me nauseous now. still, i'm worried if our food's way too simple compared to theirs. their dish sure looks and sounds great. their food may look good to the viewers at home. but the viewers aren't the ones judging us... they are. in addition to the taste, audio, and visuals. i'll provide the most soothing experience for the judges' stomachs. wanna give it a try. here, i can just slide it right in your mouth so you don't have to get the spices on your fingers. sunny will help fill in the audio and visuals. it's really good... but it's a bit salty, isn't it. that's because you're supposed to have it with the gruel. ooh, it looks like jongsuk is just waiting for the timer to end. you've got to let it simmer for a long time. actually, he looks like he's gauging how long the other team will take. jongsuk knows how to play mind games to his advantage. if his team finishes first, that'll put team b at a disadvantage. you'll see what i mean once you've tasted their dishes. oh please... he thinks he can beat my dishes with something so simple. team c has finished first. the judges and parents in attendance can go ahead and taste team c's dishes first. aah, that hits the spot. i was feeling so stuffed from all the rich food. this really helps wash it all down. and team b has just finished their dishes as well... it looks marvelous. this is the epitome of all my culinary skills. some simple rice gruel doesn't stand a chance. it sure looks amazing... i bet it tastes even better. but i don't want jongsuk to lose. if everyone's finished tasting, please clear the stage. they just washed down such a heavy meal with that gruel. there's no way they'd want to dig back into his rich dishes. so that's why that jerk finished before i did. he wanted everyone to try his food first so they'd lose interest in mine. damn it. and we have a winner. our very first teen titan chefs are sunny and jongsuk... congratulations. well, i'd better get going now. already. yeah, i'm pretty busy with the new single. i couldn't have done this without you... thanks. and don't forget to give me an autograph when you become super famous. i'll give you a hundred autographs... thanks for making this so enjoyable. thanks kid... i think we managed to get enough materials for this pilot thanks to you. i'm glad i could help. why don't you sign on to be a recurring cast member if this pilot gets greenlit. no thanks... i really should focus on my studies in my senior year. fair enough... let me know anytime if you change your mind. i guess i'd better get going too. did you seriously just turn down an offer for the show... are you that cocky or just plain stupid. you heard me... i'm a high school senior. so... so am i... you really are doing this just for kicks, aren't you. hey man, i just tried my best. yeah, right... you only won because of your cheap mind games, trying to calculate and manipulate what everyone wants. going to the hospital isn't the only way to cure a cold... sometimes all you need is a nice hot soup and some bed rest. what the heck are you talking about. you're basically saying there's only one way to excel at something. you told me that aspiring chefs like you work really hard to improve your craft. and you're right... i just don't feel committed enough to make this my career. this girl i know gave me some eye opening advice during the contest. she said i should focus on why i'm doing this in the first place instead of winning. you're an amazing cook... so think about why you became so passionate about cooking in the first place, instead of obsessing over winning contests. why i got into this in the first place. come to think of it. sohee always gave me such great advice when i needed it the most. an interesting experience. you've gained 500 xp for winning the cooking contest. i've worked myself tirelessly ever since i got this tome. i learned secrets unknown to anyone else. i learned how to cook well enough to win contests. and now i'm strong enough to protect myself and those around me. i'm even getting grades i never thought would be possible for me. and i even chipped in for a new house my parents have been saving up for. a hobby... i've been doing nothing but this for six years since junior high... are you kidding me. what should i do for the rest of my life. i'm at the playground in front of your place... got a minute. oh, what's she doing here. hey there. what brings you all the way here at such a late hour. to congratulate you on your win, of course. tada. i made it myself despite the hectic schedule at the restaurant. don't forget to make a wish. so what did you wish for. i wished that i could figure out what to do with my life. how about a chef... you've got the perfect skills and attitude for the job. a chef,. i realized something through this contest. i don't share the desperate longing to become a chef that many committed, aspiring chefs do. then was there something else you wanted to try. how about you... are you cooking to carry on the family business. i actually wanted to run away at first... i felt like this was thrust upon me. it's one thing to be good at what you do, and another to do what you really like. what you're good at versus what you like,. while there's no right answer when it comes to choosing your dream. it would be ideal if you like what you're good at. why don't you try going on a trip. a trip. sometimes a change of scenery helps you clear your head. that sounds like a great idea... thanks. do you, um. do you have anyone you like right now. you little piece of. mind your own business, kid. why don't you let the girls go. like hell, i will. come on, it's getting late. it's going to be okay... go on. i'd rather not punch him. i guess i'll just. use my palm instead. if you want to stop a man from fighting. it's faster to bring him shame. than simple pain. one. two. three. eww. eww, what's that smell. did that guy just crap his pants. eww... he literally took a dump in his pants. you've got to be kidding me. snap out of it... geez. please... just kill me. choose your friends more carefully next time. we will. what's your deal, man. you just going to keep playing hero. you think you're some sort of a superhero here. it seemed so easy to pick up chicks on the beach in those spring break videos. i didn't realize everyone would be such prudes. someone's been on the internet too much. are you really that desperate to hang out with girls. what, did you think i came all the way here so i can hang out with your stinking butt. i couldn't even get barbecue or hang out with girls... i should have never gone on this trip. koff. blech. fine, you want to get barbecue and hang out with the ladies. follow me. are you ladies in college... we're high school seniors. need a hand. you any good with the grill. i'm an expert. yay... it's working. thanks... we'll take it from here. oh, okay. oh no. why's it burning. ow, that's hot. dang it, it's ruined. could you give me exactly one and a half minutes on the grill. a minute and a half... okay. meat burns easily on a charcoal grill. and it's not even cooked on the inside. burnt meat can give you cancer, you know. you know how they say you should flip your steak only once. but when you're using a charcoal grill, to flip it often. otherwise, all that smoke from the grill... will turn your meat into charcoal too. oh, it's perfect. that was the intent. you going to grill those prawns too. well, enjoy. we'd better get going now. you're leaving. are you really going to leave. used up that minute and a half already. could you show us how to cook the prawns too. then do you mind if we join you for dinner. of course not... please join us. and what's this for. the salt keeps the prawns from burning. and the foil keeps the moisture in. do you have a boyfriend. yeah, but he's in the military right now for his compulsory service. she's taken but i'm not. actually there's three of us here. she's single too, so we're here to have some fun. she should be here any minute now. oh, so there were three of you. well, the shrimp is ready... try it. how could you eat without me. oh... you're here, sumi. you feeling better. yeah, the hospital released me. so she was the third one. ooh, i see my life saver is here. are you feeling all right. yeah, thanks to you. why didn't you tell us she was with you. we wanted to surprise you. it's all in good fun. she really is gorgeous, isn't she. you're a really good cook. jongsuk here even won a cooking contest. a cooking contest. here's the proof. wow, it's true. oh wow. you're pretty shredded, kid. oh no. phew... are you okay. i guess you'd better get changed. our place is just nearby. sorry i keep making you change your shirt. it's fine... we're staying at the police retreat center, so it's close. aw, you guys are lucky... the public showers here aren't so great. you're welcome to use ours and even crash at our place. we've got two rooms and a lounge too. you sure that's okay. hey, so you gonna call dibs on anyone. know you're totally into sumi. hey, it's not like it's up to us anyway. might as well keep things straight between us though... you know which one i'm going for, right. ah, that's nice. i always love hearing the waves crash on the beach. you do... even after almost drowning. especially after that. because you saved me. oh... thanks, i guess. no, thank you. so, you guys called dibs, what are you talking about. did you choose me. well... does that bother you. well, what about you... do you like me. i asked you first. would i be here if i didn't like you. i like you. i've got to say, i like your confidence. i like guys who are confident. am i out of my mind. did i push too far. i'm not acting like myself. i guess going on a trip really helps you learn new things about yourself. let's go this way. but everyone else is over there. exactly my point. you'd better not get any funny ideas. come on, do i look like that guy to you. oh yeah, and then some. so you go to kyunhwa university. yup... i'm a sophomore theater major. your friends too. why... you've got a thing for theater majors. only the one i'm holding hands with. come on, let go already... my palm's getting sweaty. what's a high school senior doing here anyway... shouldn't you be studying for the college entrance exam. aww, are you worried for me. i wish i could keep in touch with him... but seniors are always so busy. i'm the top of my class at taejin high. wow, really. smarty pants, are you. a little... that's what you said about cooking too... don't you think you're being too modest. maybe... actually, i want to brag so much in front of her for some reason. taejin high, then you must know about the pretty alley there. pretty alley. my friends and i visited that place before... it's got this amazing graffiti. and the snack bar there is super famous. so you've met my parents. your parents. my folks run that snack bar. what... really. and the graffiti was my handiwork. for real... you've got to be kidding. wow... so you're a great artist too. next time, i'll sketch you your portrait too. then i guess we'll have to see each other again. why, did you not want to see me anymore after this. how about you. of course i want to see you again. sounds good to me. oh my gosh... what am i doing. i just met this girl. easy there, tiger. you trying to steal first base on our first day. err... can i. of course not. just give me your number. my number. didn't you want to stay in touch. i'm going to relax in my room for a bit. were you guys hanging out together. damn... you lucky dog. did you guys hook up. oh, shut up... let's just grab some mid night snacks. wow, you're really good at this. that looks so good. amazing. phew... i'm getting a food coma... we should go to bed. you boys going to sleep in the lounge. thanks for giving us the room, you guys. i appreciate it. good night. you lucky son of a gun. seriously, nothing happened. oh, i seriously doubt that. hey girls. hrmf. it's going to be a long night. for the first time in my life. i was the first to hold the girl's hand. since when was i so bold. for the first time. i wanted to prove myself a man to someone. even when i was looking at her. i kept longing to see her. could this be. who could be texting at this hour. jin sumi. you asleep. not yet. wow, you're still up. so are you... what's up. i want to get some coffee. coffee at this hour... is she asking to see me. don't you want some coffee. i've always wanted coffee ever since i was born. lol... then come on out. nice. oh, you already got the coffee. yeah, drink up... it's nice and warm. wow, they're still drinking. yeah, kid... that's how "grown ups" party. whatever... you're only two years older than me. for what. look at those guys trying to pick up girls at the break of dawn. ha. whereas you lucked out and got to have coffee with a pretty college girl like me first thing in the morning. is this pg 13 enough for you, kid. i prefer my movies rated r. slow down, quentin. i think this trip might have changed me a bit. yeah... i guess traveling is always nice like that. it sure is... i got to meet you. when are you guys leaving. today, actually. us too. you want to meet up later today. today might be tough. but i can see you tomorrow... come to my campus tomorrow. to kyunghwa university. yeah, the food is actually amazing at our cafeteria... i'll buy you lunch. sounds good. the sun's coming up. let's go back inside now. hmmph... i haven't slept all night. i'll miss you. where did i find such courage. i felt like a hero who just saved the world. hey, we'll see each other again tomorrow. let's call it a day for now. hey, wake up. the bus is almost here. why are you so tired... what have you been doing all night. is it time already. oh, just grown up stuff kids like you wouldn't understand. wait, what. what did you do last night. hmmpf... i don't know, man. you wrote about your first kiss... you've gained 1,000 xp. love... you've gained 1,000 xp. so the firsts give a lot of xp... first kiss... first love. hehe. wow... that looks great on you. you look like a college student. um... because i am one. but we're on campus. so. it's... a bit embarrassing. true... we're not on vacation anymore. aww, you sulking. fine, we can hold hands... just let go if i see someone i know, okay. let's go before the lunch line gets long. let me grab my meal tickets. just one will do. wow... did you bring a lunch box. have you heard of unsongjung. isn't that a really famous restaurant run by chef kim. yeah, he taught me how to make this. you're the best. it's so good. you brought your own lunch today, sumi. who the hell is this jerk. this is delicious... did you make this. easy now. and who's this... your baby brother. i'm lee jongsuk. oh, your big sister must be giving you a tour of the campus. she's not my sister. he's actually my boyfriend. she introduced me as her boyfriend. boyfriend. but isn't he in high school. and you must be in college... who could have thought. oops... my bad... i didn't mean to intrude... just wanted to say hi. enjoy your lunch. who was that. an upperclassman. why were you so nervous around him. the upperclassmen in my major have a lot of clout... they're the ones who cast us for most of the plays and film projects. you guys close. we worked on a project together... but no, we're not personally close. and he dipped his fingers into your lunch like that. how rude... i should have just kicked his butt. well, you didn't do much earlier. i didn't know if you were friends or not... i couldn't just start punching the guy. good boy. don't let him bother you... let's eat. that jerk. is he interested in sumi. heh. then again, who wouldn't be interested in someone so gorgeous. oh, wow. is that me. i told you i'd sketch you. you like it. of course... am i really this pretty. well, you're my girlfriend. oh, please... i was always this pretty even before i met you. i drew this too. another one. oh my... you drew this. it's my ultimate masterpiece. i've titled it, "the first kiss... wait... was that your first kiss. of course... it wasn't for you. let's just say i got a head start by a few years. aw... then i guess i've got a lot of catching up to do. our first kiss. wanna come watch my class perform on stage. can i. of course. how did you like the show. i don't know... i was too busy staring at you. you're impossible. hey, what's up. don't let that upperclassman ko chang gu find you on campus. apparently he got smashed and started talking crap about your boyfriend. what the heck is wrong with that guy. i know, right... anyway, try to stay away from him. got it... thanks. was that about the lunchbox guy. call it a boyfriend's hunch... he seems to have a crush on you. well, he did ask me out once... but i turned him down. he must have been pestering you ever since. speaking of the devil... here he comes. sumi. how could you go out with a high schooler when you know how much i like you. you're drunk... please just go home. you little twerp... why can't you date someone your own age. you've had too much to drink... you should leave. think you can order me around, you little prick. don't. sumi... i still. sumi's my girl. you're too young to know any better. and you must be growing senile in your old age. i'll kill you. come here. stop it. the dash cam. i'm not running away from him. i'm just leaving some evidence. stop it, you bastard. aww... i don't want to make her cry now that i've let him have his fun. it's time to teach him a lesson. aargh. stay away from sumi. hey... cut it out. this is self defense. what self defense means, kid. that dash cam is recording everything. so unless you want to be indicted for ganging up on a minor. now say it... promise you'll stay away from sumi. you mother. say it. or would you like me to break your arm in half. i could make sure you never use your arm again. hngh... fine. you'd better keep your word. please, stop. i'm just putting your shoulder back into position. sob. you okay, sumi. yeah... but you're not. sorry i made you cry. please don't fight... i was so worried. don't worry, i can handle my own... let's go. sumi went to her hometown in jeonju. and i met up the gents of munbangsa at unsongjung... it's been a while. i hope we're not intruding on your busy schedule as a senior. it's always nice to see you gentlemen. there's something i've been meaning to show you. whoa... isn't that chusa gim jeong hui's writing. the tranquility draws out the fragrance of the brewing tea. just as the spring breeze nudges the blossoms open. it is said chusa gim jeong hui enjoyed sipping tea during his exile to jeju. the calligraphy is beautiful. of the finest scholars of joseon, after all. i think it might be fake. fake... what do you mean. there's no doubt this is chusa's writing... as far as i can tell anyway. the paper and ink seem aged enough to be at least a hundred years old. why do you think it's fake. to be fair, i'm not too familiar with chusa's writing. but the brushwork here is indeed flawless. when i look at each character. it definitely looks authentic. then it's not a fake. it's got chusa's style, for sure. but this entire writing is fake. would you care to explain plainly so we can understand. i think they mixed and matched the chusa's writings. mixed. and matched. kang said writings with meaning are more valued. even if the chusa wrote something, they won't be as valuable if there's no context. so they pieced together individual characters written by chusa to create a poem. that's what i think. we couldn't tell the difference, really. remember this... i wrote it for the hospital. ah, yes... it's marvelous. when i wrote it, i was hoping that everyone who saw it would enjoy great health. calligraphy bears not only the plain meaning of the words... but also the artist's heart. this writing doesn't have heart... it feels... too segmented. marvelous. it's a delight to see the same poem in wang's style as well. how does this make you feel. most comforted. i can almost smell the tea. how embarrassing. keep your chin up... at least you found out sooner than later. i'm fuming right now. how much did you pay for this. eighty million. eighty million won. eighty million won for 14 characters. that means each character costs six million. it would have been a bargain if this was authentic... but. whoa, you call that a bargain... these works are crazy valuable, aren't they. where did you buy it. an antique art dealer gave me a call... said he got his hands on a masterpiece. did you check for its authenticity. i didn't need to... i bought it from chong jin dang in jongno. well, a receipt from chong jin dang is as credible as a certificate of authenticity. but chong jin dang's owner is an expert... how did they fool him too. would an expert miss something that even i noticed. it could have been a scam. why would a prestigious shop like chong jin dang do such a thing. there are all sorts of scammers in this world. amateur scammers try to deceive with lies. but the real pros... they hide a lie amidst the truth. it's harder to catch a lie when there are ten truths around it. for example, think of the pastries they make at unsongjung. the pastries here are delicious. that's the truth. but what if just one of them was spoiled inside. there's no way to tell until you've tried it. especially when you have such trust in unsongjung and its pastries. he makes a fair point. but would chong jin dang really throw away all that credibility over mere eighty million won... you can hardly lease a small office in seoul with that kind of money. there's only one way to find out. hey, it's me... an acquaintance of mine may have been scammed. come to chong jin dang... yeah, the one in jongno. hold on... that person you were just talking to. maybe it's best if you had them wait outside for now. before i suggested that this might be counterfeit. raise your hands if you would have bought a similar work from chong jin dang. this might not be the first scam chong jin dang pulled off. good point. if sudam here pretends to browse for a purchase, he might bring out more fake works. how very wise of you, mr... that's right... standby outside. and see what you can find out about the owner. about his income. or if he's got any debts. dig it all up. thought... he's sitting on a pile of debt. well, so does any other small business owner. he put up a highly valuable artwork as collateral. and the plot thickens. his entire family emigrated abroad. curiouser and curiouser. oh, i'll pretend to be the principal's grandson. oh my... it's such a pleasure to see you gentlemen here. how've you been, mr... kong. we all grew envious of sudam's new marvelous addition to his collection. the chusa piece. about to reach out to the rest of you too. else you can show me. of course... right this way. take a look. oh... this is sukbong hanho's writing. he wrote it for a ming general during the japanese invasion of the imjin war. and this is by the grand prince anpyeong. and this is by kim junghee. only the anpyeong piece is authentic... the rest are fake. he pieced together less valuable works after all. i'd like to buy prince anpyeong's piece. oh... that one. it's so elegant and robust... how much is it. but i also have master hanho's work... think of this. oh, but the hanho piece looks far too valuable. ah, you are most perceptive as usual. it costs 150 million won. like i said... too expensive. oh, i beg to differ... it's worth every won when you think about the fact that he gifted it to a chinese general per the king's order. i'd pay 200 million if it was authentic. too bad this is fake, isn't it. mean... it can't get any more authentic than this. it looks fake to me. that the brushwork is in master hanho's style. indeed... but these words feel rather mixed and matched. i swear they're not. be honest, my friend. your late father was so close to our group... think of what he'd say. i have no idea what you mean... this is authentic. then you leave me no choice. open up, mr... kong dae il. this is the police. drats. oh no, you don't. a total of 53 scrolls were found in chong jin dang. only six were authentic... and the rest were counterfeit. he had already sold many fake artworks in addition to the scrolls. if he hadn't been caught, he could have gotten away with over 10 billion won of ill gotten profit. you gained exposure to the works of master calligraphers... you've gained 1,500 xp. you helped expose a scam... you've gained 150 xp. what... a trip. yeah, i thought it'd help me figure out what i want to do with my life. shouldn't you be studying for your college exam. i still haven't decided. who are you going with. by myself. but sweetie, that's too dangerous. just promise us one thing... call us three times a day. honey. have a little more faith in our son. this is for emergencies. are you out of your mind. so when are you leaving. tomorrow. he's a senior... he should be focusing on college prep. every boy needs a good trip to become a real man. i'm going to divorce you if anything goes wrong. i'd better come home safe if i don't want my parents to split up. now, where to. jeonju, where sumi is right now. i should go somewhere i don't know anyone. bus terminal. seoul > chuncheon. before i leave. is there any experience that could come in handy. what's a way to keep myself fed anywhere i go. begging is a useful experience. begging. i was abandoned under a bridge where the homeless call home. i grew up to be a beggar. life as a beggar isn't so bad... you don't have to work a single day. one useful tip is to be careful of dogs. all you need is a sturdy staff. another pro tip is to find the right timing to beg. people are more generous when their bellies are full. you've gained 1,500 begging xp. begging skill: "dog handling". you acquired a begging skill: "perfect timing to beg". it's hot and i'm exhausted. is there any place i can rest. theater troupe damo. hi, sumi... i'm on a trip to chuncheon. shouldn't you be studying, kid. i figured going on a trip is a great way to meet new people... that's how we met, remember. oh, so you're on a trip to pick up new chicks, of course not. i'm just messing with ya. i'm here to watch a play. that's great... i love how the cast can play off the energy of the audience in stage play. yeah... and this makes me miss you even more. i miss you too. i saw you standing around here for a while... may i help you. i wanted to watch a play... but had some spare time left. i see... i'm actually the playwright for this show, yin gi young. i'm actually a high school senior. high school. are you a prospective theater major then... hey, have you had lunch yet. why don't you join us... if you're okay with gimbap. hey, wanna try joining us for this performance. it's nothing too hard... why don't you go get in costume. uh... okay. after the show. so, what was it like being on stage for the first time. i had a lot of fun. so, what made you come on this trip anyway. to figure out what dream i want to pursue. what are you good at. school... cooking, calligraphy, martial arts, and massages. that's a long list... are you really that good at all of them. i could show you my cooking, if you'd like. this should do it. that's an interesting mix. cooking is all about finding the right balance. so are you really good at all of that stuff. i like to think so. i'm sure it's nice to be a polymath. but the key to happiness is doing something you enjoy, and doing it well. so do something i'm good at and also enjoy. for example, i love to write, and i make money doing it. if i had to choose between what i'm good at and what i like... what should i do. isn't it obvious. who's to say what the right answer is. really happy... is money the answer... or following your passion. everyone must have a different answer. do i have to choose one over the other. here, give it a try. wow, it's delicious. it's got this sweet, herbal flavor. chuncheon blackbox theater. thanks for everything, especially letting me stay overnight. so, have you found your answer now. are you heading back home. not right away... try walking back to seoul. that's over a 100km... it'll take you at least four days. well, i'm still young, right. they say the journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. i'm just getting started. let's see if i can support myself in the wild. nature provides. oh my. is he camping all by himself. he seems like just a kid. you on a camping trip, son. what'cha got there. i'm making dinner. is that herbal medicine i smell. i found some herbs in the wild and tossed them in. you know how to tell herbs apart from weed. wow, that looks scrumptious. let's see. oh, wait. don't worry... he's a doctor of eastern medicine... he just wants to see what herbs you used. it's hard to tell the difference between medicinal herbs from poisonous plants... let me take a look. sure, go ahead. looks good to me... you mind if we join you for dinner. i'd love that. that's delicious. i never imagined i'd get such a wonderful meal out here. you must let us return the favor. care for a cup of tea back at our car. ooh, it's a camper. wow, you've got everything here. why don't you lie down on the bed. let me treat you to some acupuncture that will refresh you. you carry those needles around with you. yeah... because acupuncture doesn't cost anything. i've been traveling the country to provide free acupuncture to sick folks in need. can you really cure a sickness with just a bunch of needles. sure... and there's mugwort everywhere for moxibustion. so it won't cost you anything. i'd love to see you treat folks. actually, we're on our way to a mountain village tomorrow... want to tag along. that'd be great. you've written about joining a play... you've gained 50 xp. you've met someone who provided you advice on life... you've gained 500 xp. you've successfully improvised a new recipe... you've gained 500 xp. you've met an old married couple... you've gained 100 xp. so it's possible to treat folks without cost. what about folk medicine that use common ingredients like scallion and garlic. you got anything on heo jun, the greatest physician of medieval korea. how about someone with experience on eastern medicine. there is one match. what's his name. that author's name has not be recorded. eastern medicine 5000. saving people's lives seems to give the most xp. the plague took my entire family. so i've committed my entire life. to rid this bloody kingdom of this sodded plague. he's pretty rough with his language, isn't he. i read all the medical books there is to read. i've met the finest physicians across the country. this guy is nuts. what kind of a doctor is he. he put people's lives at risk just for the sake of his experiments. he's killed more people than saved. but that never stopped him, did it. he kept studying and experimenting with his patients. it feels like i just watched a snuff film. dang. i think i'm going to get nightmares tonight. you've gained 5,000 xp in eastern medicine. you've learned the skill "pulse diagnosis". you've learned the skill "acupuncture". skill "tonic brewing". skill "cupping therapy". next morning. mind if i take your pulse. go ahead. her energy is frail. i thought her husband would be taking good care of her. this is just like the pulse of the crazy doctor's patients. incredible... i can see her chi... the doctor's experience must have taken effect on me. doctor trained himself in the art of chi as well. he must have used that to examine his patients. oh no. is that a brain tumor. hang on. oh, what's this now. let me give you a scalp massage. this feels... terminal. the mad doctor turned to treatments forbidden at the time. according to confucian virtues. it's taboo to deliberately injure the body. but that didn't keep the doctor. and his patients paid the price. even his experimental tonics, which seemed less morbid. often proved to be equally fatal. the best i can do for her is to boost her circulation. make the symptoms more bearable, i guess. could you let go now... i'm getting ticklish. oh, sorry. yeah, it feels funny from my fingertips to my head. her body must have responded to my chi. here. so he knows about her condition. perhaps. this might be his last trip with his wife. let's get going before it gets too late. wow, i can't believe there's a village in the middle of the mountains. yeah... this place is so isolated they didn't even realize there was a war going on back in the 50s. oh, look who it is. long time no see, my friend. how've you been. it's so good to see you. have you eaten yet. not when i know what a spread you always prepare for us. and where's jong. he passed winter. oh, i should have come sooner. why do you always get so nervous. it's because you start lecturing me. that's because you never fix your bad habits. see... there you go again. there's a lot of stress pent up. my children have been quarreling. ah, our children don't realize the pangs they cause in their parents' hearts when they argue. does that feel okay. is that your grandson, dr... heo. he seems like a mighty fine lad. he's a good boy. so it's almost over. he's examining the last patient. you must be exhausted. why don't you lie down... i'll give you a massage. aww, you're a sweet child. my massage skills are merging with the doctor's experience. maybe i can bolster her frail chi a bit more. maybe i could make some medicine from the wild herbs here. i'll go take a look in the woods before it gets too dark. oh, look. looks like you know more about wild herbs than i do. oh, you flatter me. if it wasn't for the tome. i could have never told the difference between herbs and weeds. well, i could use a break... how about it. this fresh arrowroot is really juicy... it should quench your thirst. you know an awful lot for a young man. my wife slept so peacefully. her headaches get worse when she's tired. and the migraines keep her awake... so she has you to thank for this. your wife is ill, isn't she. do you have any ginseng. ginseng. ginseng was the mad doctor's favorite ingredient. it protects the organs, calms the mind, and refreshes the body. i was thinking of making some herbal medicine. but herbs with medical properties must be handled with expert care. i guess he wouldn't believe me if i told him that i'm suddenly more than qualified. have you heard of the shaolin monks. the massage i gave mrs... heo is a secret technique from the shaolin monks. yes, a monk i know taught me. "thousand leaves hand" technique i learned from the shaolin monk. that was like watching bruce lee or something. the monk also taught me how to make these rejuvenating pills. have you tried making it before. no, but i'm sure i can manage with your help. combination is key when it comes to herbal medicine. even if each ingredient is good for you, the wrong mixture could prove harmful. sure, i understand... it's the principle of the five elements. let's head back to town and get to it right away. you can stir fry herbal ingredients for medicine. drying them would be better, but given the time constraint. all done... want to try one. no thanks. so he knows martial arts as well as medicine. what an uncanny young fella. i'd like to give these to your wife. well, she's already on a lot of medication... you'd have to consider how they'd interact. it should be okay... all this does is boost her energy and circulation. fine, fine. you two having fun without me. hey, how was your nap. looks like you've made some medicine. jongsuk made it from scratch, from the herbs we foraged in the woods. are you sure you want to. i wouldn't hesitate to take anything this sweet boy made for me. thank you, ma'am. go lie down now... i'll catch you up on some acupuncture. her pulse has improved significantly. he should go a bit deeper there. and that needle's in too deep. i guess the mad doctor was something else. heo is good, but... not quite up to the mad doctor's level. still, i should be respectful. i didn't do much... the soy paste here is so good. it must be because they fermented it in the mountain. is there a difference from fermenting it in the city. keeping them in clay jars sure beats plastic. the paste can "breathe" better in the jar. it soaks up all the healthy natural enzymes. wow, you're really good at everything aren't you. cooking, martial arts, herbology. i have a habit of studying whatever i like. and what do you enjoy the most. the most. i'm good at a lot of things. what do i enjoy the most. helping people. how do you study for that. i'll try to figure it out in any way i can. i visited a lot of places with the old couple. we helped people in need. and enjoyed the beauty of the outdoors. most of all. i was excited to finally discover what seoul. this entire building is a clinic. pretty impressive, come to think of it, didn't you say you enjoy reading. the clinic has its own library... to see it. i'd love to. i'll go catch up on some work... go make yourself at home there. this herb is best fit for treating lethargy, but also beneficial for frail bones... heo jun really was legendary. i'm heo yool... my parents wouldn't stop raving about you. oh... nice to meet you. isn't that heo jun's dongui bogam... it must be hard to read with all that old chinese characters. i actually enjoy reading chinese. so i heard you're a senior... got any college plans. yes... i want to study eastern medicine at kyunghwa university. you must have good grades. i really want to get some formal training in eastern medicine. no matter how skilled i may be... i'll need something to certify my ability. well, that's welcome news. oh, dr... my school is pretty competitive... you going to be okay. oh, are you an alumni. i teach acupuncture there. you're a professor there. so is my son. wow, that's really impressive. i look forward to meeting you on campus. so do i... thank you. here. my father wrote this... it's yours now. wow... thank you. oh, sweety... you've grown so thin. not really... i've eaten really well. welcome back, kid. school. report card. so i got only one question wrong. look who's a mr... smarty pants... would you like a reward. how about a date. not till you're done with the entrance exams, kid. then how about a quick dinner. sure... i'll go over to your place... a senior's time is precious. ooh, look at you, mr... valedictorian... you still got time to see girls. it sucks to be a senior... can't a man live a little. i hate you. how do you like the food... they said this place is supposed to be amazing. it's even better with you. so what was it that you wanted to tell me. i decided to apply to the eastern medicine program at kyunghwa. why kyunghwa... there are better schools out there with your grades. well, kyunghwa's got one of the best programs in eastern medicine. that's the only reason. and you're there. heh... i'm a lucky girl, with her boyfriend being so smart. we could go on dates in the library. don't count on going anywhere else with me. oh... did you have somewhere else in mind. i'm just messing. mrs... heo... how have you been. really well... how are you, jongsuk. i'm so glad you called, actually. i was planning on going to the herb market tomorrow... you should join me. you'll have to go early in the morning to get the good stuff... think you can be there by six. sure... i'll see you tomorrow. is that the lady from the trip. yeah, i love her... she's like my own grandma. you're really lucky when it comes to meeting great people. ah, but you're the greatest of them all. i can't wait to finish the exam and finally become a real "adult". are "adult" things all you think about. aw, come on... i didn't mean it like that... unless you are. i finally have a purpose and a goal in life. i can't wait to see where it leads me. farmers' market. long time no see, doc. how's business. oh, times are hard for everyone these days. times have always been hard... stop whining. i suppose you're right. these are dried safflower petals. you know about them. it's great for ischemia, joints, and gynecological issues. well, i'll be damned. he's my grandson. ooh... i suppose it runs in the family. great... i think i can handcraft some pellets for my mom and dad with the stuff here. he seems to know which herbs are extra high quality. i know, isn't he impressive. oh... are these acupuncture needles. you like those. i'd have to try holding them... but they sure look nice. it's got a nicely balanced center of gravity. the needles the mad doctor used to use. it's nice. you want them. can you promise me to not use them recklessly until you have the proper skills. then i'll buy them for you. but i can buy them myself. my treat, for this special occasion. i suppose they're relatively cheap enough to accept. go on out there and wait with my wife while i make the payment. the usual price. then get me a full set in a silver case. perhaps this is a bit excessive for your grandson. i'm sure he can handle it. very well... that'll be 5.1 million won. they sure are pricey... i mean i guess they're made by the sole needle artisan in the country... but still. indeed. he's famous for grinding axes down to create these needles. if i'm not mistaken. i'm sure he'll put these needles to good use. good luck, seniors... annual college entrance exam. much time has passed since i found the tome. youngjin high school. break a leg. i learned how to cook, fight, study, and even practice eastern medicine. and now the day has come to take my dreams to the next level. this pellet i made should help me think and focus. i guess i'm a bit nervous. show them what you've got, mr... valedictorian. do i get a reward if i ace the exam. you won't ace it if that's all you think about all day. i only keep thinking about it because you're such a tease. i think a kiss could help me focus. nope. what if your heart keeps racing and you fail the test. fine... then put on your lemon lip gloss and be ready when i'm done. that's my favorite flavor. just go take the exam already, you big perv. i'll be a grown up soon. to do grown up things with sumi once that happens... hehe. i wish i could sit next to you so i can cheat. and ruin both our lives. shut up and just take this. someone's going to be a doctor alright. did you read about this too. g'luck on your exam. this is very relaxing... thanks, buddy. the bell marked the end of the first chapter of my life. and the start of the second chapter. the exam went very well, just as i thought. and i got my reward. yummy. perv. i was talking about the lemon lip gloss. what did you think i was talking about. oh... shut up. didn't you put it on to reward me. i just put it on... because. come on, i know you wore it because it's my favorite. no i didn't. wait up. was about to finally wind down after the exam. sohee from unsongong reached out for help. jongsuk... there's been an issue at unsongong... could you swing by. what's going on at unsongjung. after receiving the distress call from sohee. i paid a visit to unsongjung, where it's been a while since i've been back. how did the exam go. very well... thanks for asking. oh, what's all this. good... then let me fix you something extra special to celebrate. what are the fundamentals of a delicious dish. fresh seasonal ingredients. that's right... let's make some braised hairtail and grilled seerfish today. ooh, you've got some cockels as well. i'll get the fish ready... why don't you get started on the fire. i bet it's extra tasty when grilled over charcoal. perhaps it's because i'm so old, but i'm especially fond of these hearths. and nothing beats a fish grilled over charcoal. so, have you figured out what you're after high school. yes... i want to study eastern medicine. i was going to make you my apprentice if you had chosen culinary arts. tut, tut... you ought to toss freshly grilled morsels like this right in your mouth. wow... it's amazing. okay, your turn. thanks, son. it was even better than i thought. and the fire is nice and warm too. there's something about staring at hot coals that puts one's mind at ease. something troubling you. oh, it's nothing... i appreciate your concern. his body is pent up with vexation. he's extremely stressed out. he hasn't been getting much sleep either. his condition has been deteriorating rapidly. i wonder what's been going on. please be honest... there's something going on, isn't there. remember how i helped you solve the mystery behind of course i do. sir... the customer would like to say hello to you. mind waiting here for a few minutes. so you're going to study eastern medicine in college. yeah, going on that trip really helped me. sounds like it helped you figure out what do with your life. and it got you a girlfriend too. so you two were going to have dinner without us. honey... let him finish. i said sumi wanted to have dinner with you guys. which means it was her idea and not yours. oh my gosh, mom... you're not getting jealous, are you. don't make your mother sound like a crazy woman. for the record... this is what my mom's really like. what did you just say, you ungrateful little twerp. help me, sumi... please. the irony is, i'm the one who suggested he should travel. only for him to find another girl there. i guess that's how it ends. my unrequited love. too bad for my grandfather. he was really hoping you'd become a chef. i know. i feel terrible about it too. but i'll still swing by as often as i can. it seemed like chef kim was going through something though. yeah... that's why i asked you to come. what's going on, exactly. the world renowned gourmet michael cheng recently visited our restaurant. michael cheng. he's a chinese american man who owns air world, an aircraft manufacturer. he's also a respected epicurean around the world. i see... so. after his visit. michael cheng 1h. i stopped by #unsongjung, the finest dining experience korea has to offer... but perhaps the passage of time gets to us all eventually... i couldn't help but shed tears when i realized it just doesn't taste the same anymore. we're not so worried about the decrease in customers, but. chef kim must be devastated. was there something wrong with the ingredients. cheng barely touched the food, so we tried it to see what was wrong. but the food was just fine. then maybe he was dissatisfied with the service. you won't find better service than at unsongjung. then what could be the problem. we have no idea... that's why grandpa is so frustrated. un song jung asian restaurant. the news must have spread virally across the globe. because even our branches overseas. have experienced a sharp decline in sales lately. is there a chance this was a sabotage attempt by a competitor. cheng is too wealthy to be bought off... and he's infamous for being stubbornly honest about his impression. does anyone have grudges against him. you know how he is. he's not the sort to make enemies. could you show me cheng's social media page again. the passage of time gets to us all eventually... he never specified that he was referring to the restaurant with this. true, but still. and look at the way he said, "it doesn't taste the same anymore... gets to eventually... i couldn't help but shed tears when i realized, it just doesn't taste the same anymore. he might be trying to say his sense of taste isn't what it used to be. you really think so. the palate can grow dull if your health is in poor condition. have you tried reaching out to michael. what if he clarified on his page that he meant his palate isn't what it used to be because of his health. that won't be easy. i need to go talk to chef kim. uh, okay. toilet. how can i get michael cheng to set the story straight. that's impossible. the health of a king is one of the closet held secrets of a nation. is there any other way. knowledge of the master merchant's ailing health could cause unrest among the workers. i guess this means cheng won't disclose the fact that he's sick even if that were true. i've got to help chef kim get rid of his stress somehow. i've got to find a way. there you are. i've got something to discuss with you. i was just sitting here since you seemed busy chatting with sohee. i heard about michael cheng. oh, it's nothing, really. whether it was deliberate or not, that man just dishonored your entire life's work. well, i appreciate your concern. the thing is, i don't think he meant to deride your cooking. it was his body and tongue that simply could not appreciate the food. i think cheng might be sick. why don't you try inviting him again. there's more to food than just taste and flavors... it's what keeps us alive and healthy. he did mention he'd be staying in korea a few more days... i'll try giving him a call. so your sense of taste can grow dull if your liver's not healthy. i could taste saltiness just fine, but not sweet stuff. have you recovered though. well, the doctor had me stop drinking and smoking... so living's not living right now. you know, you should just quit while you're at it. yes, i suppose i should, given how i was able to recover so well thanks to you. we managed to sort through that fraud issue thanks to you... thank you again. and have you decided what you want to do i'm going to study ah, well i suppose i can't have any qualms as a doctor, albeit of a different discipline. can a person's sense of taste change based on their health. could you send me some research materials on that. sure... just give me an email address. thanks to the tome, i learned how to translate from english to korean. i've got to set things right for chef kim. several days later. so the day has finally come. that must be michael cheng. thank you for this special nvitation. please come in. he's dragging his left foot. he's definitely not feeling well. excuse us. please provide critique on which samples are too salty or sweet. this is salty. this is sweet. level 7 for saltiness and level 9 for sweetness. no wonder he couldn't taste anything. this is a lot saltier than i thought. but that's how you'll have to season his food today. i'd do no such thing. what... but if you don't. i won't accept it. i may as well as serve poison than put this much salt in the food. but if you season it the way you usually do, cheng won't be able to taste it. i'll simply put my heart and soul into it. so i was wrong. i see... i apologize... i should have been more thoughtful. a cook must always put the person's health before ensuring the food tastes delicious. then what are you going to do. if you don't mind, i'd like to invite you into the kitchen. unsongjung's kitchen... that would be an honor. this must be the first time he let a guest enter the kitchen. they all look very fresh. the winter daikon is crisp and sweet. and juicy too... i love the texture. he only mentioned the texture and juiciness... but nothing about the sweetness. and here's some winter oyster... nice and plump. it looks very tasty. suck up the juice to enjoy the full flavor. that's not going to be enough to satiate cheng's tongue. there's nothing like a steaming pot of cod stew on a chilly day like this. wow, that looks so good. it's not just the mouth that tastes the food... your eyes and ears play a part too. this is his way of letting cheng "taste" the food with his ailing tongue. i bet the author of the tome. would have done the same thing. the heart matters more than just experience. freshly cooked food right from the pot is always a treat. i could barely wait another second... thank you. how does he manage to stay so calm. that was the best meal of my life. was it... i'm glad. we'll serve the tea back in the room. please, come. one moment, please. i've got to leave the evidence. thank you for the wonderful time. i hope you'll come again. you have to talk to him about his social media. i'll walk you to the door. now, sohee. please go back in there and rest... we'll see the guest out. i'll do it myself. oh... but. i can't get to him. what are we going to do. oh... this photo. ask cheng to upload that photo on his page when you get in touch with him. you want me to send him this. i'm sure the feedback will be greater with that photo than the picture of the food. i see... i'll do that... thanks. what's up, sohee. cheng uploaded the photo on his page. got it... i'll take a look right away. we owe you again... first with the soy sauce... and now this cheng incident. i'm just paying you back for all the delicious food. i may have to go to france to run the unsongjung branch there. france. yeah... i'll see you when i get back. okay... do let me know when you come back. i will... thanks for everything. you're welcome. call ended. i went to unsongjung again... i think there was some misunderstanding about my last post... what i meant as a comment on the inevitability of time was misconstrued as a critique on unsongjung's cooking... for the record, i'm willing to risk my reputation here to tell you that you'll find no better traditional korean food than at unsongjung... the photo below is proof of how much i enjoyed the food there. i'm glad it worked out. anyway... sohee's off to france... that was kind of random. i have so many good memories with her. i guess with every hello, there's a goodbye. you've met a world renowned merchant, michael cheng... you've gained 250 xp. you've learned that cooking is more about caring for the person than the food itself... you've gained 1,500 xp. you've said goodbye to an acquaintance with whom you've shared many treasured memories... till now, i only thought about the writers' experience from a technical point of view. i should think more about how they felt when they wrote this too. they were going to announce the admission results today. i guess i'll take a look. congratulations, son... we're proud of you. hanwoo beef... but this is way more expensive than pork belly. we're sorry we couldn't get you anything fancier. i never knew this day would come. you're letting him drink already. don't be silly... he's going to be getting trashed every day in college. eww... it's so bitter. that's the taste of life, son... it's always bitter sons always have their first drink with their old man, you hear. yes, dad. you're just using that as an excuse to drink more. come on, honey... let me pour you a drink too. i don't drink... don't you remember. as far as i can recall, you drank like a fish before we got married. i have no idea what you're talking about. thanks for raising our boy to become such a great young man. yeah, i take full credit. here, let me pour each of you a drink. oh, you're making your old man proud, son. thank you both for being such wonderful parents... i promise you i won't let you down. he really is all grown up, isn't he, hon. the eastern medicine majors have their orientation at the same time as their freshmen's retreat. so... does that matter. of course... it means your college life's going to be super hard. well, thank goodness i've got you. yeah, you'd better... now go to sleep. not until you give me a goodnight kiss. aw, you naughty dog. freshmen orientation day. i'm finally at the freshmen's retreat... the milestone for every new college student in korea. oh, it's dr... heo pyungji and his son professor heo yool. they must be our faculty advisors during the orientation. a new chapter of my life is about to begin. and my heart won't stop racing. so this is group 3. i'm your leader. hwang heejin. let me know if there's anything you guys need. he's got a girl's name. and don't even think about making fun of my name. just think of me as your older brother. um, do we not have any girls in this group. that's why the group will be called... sausagefest. as if it wasn't bad enough we really are a sausagefest. why'd he have to name us that too. now, pay attention. it's game time, boys. here is an orange and an acupuncture needle. see these tiny pores on the tangerine's surface. your mission is to stick ten needles in these spots. you'll fail if your needles pierce through the flesh of the tangerine. or if juice starts flowing out. the trick is to relax your fingers. if you go in too weak, the needle will bend. strong, it'll pierce right through. but if you don't go deep enough. it'll just fall out like this. the prize is a bottle of whisky... now get to it. these needles are extra thin. it could easily bend if i'm not careful. tough for the guys who's trying this you're bending the needle. were you trying to skewer that tangerine. you're done already. let's take a look then. it usually takes about 10 minutes feel for this. most guys succeed within 30 minutes. even the fastest record was 19 minutes. but he finished in just 3 minutes... that's impossible. he didn't leave a single scratch on the flesh. get up. try it again in front of me. that was so fast. who... is this guy. this was a competition. we got all ten. precision is more important than speed with this. these needles are placed perfectly on each pore. it's flawless. who did this. lee jongsuk, group 3. it wasn't you. no, sir. can i see lee jongsuk from group 3 please. can you try it again. at this rate. he could rival even professor heo, of acupuncture. we already have a winner. the winner of this year's tangerine challenge is lee jongsuk of group 3. but it hasn't even been 5 minutes. that's amazing... he just broke the record. well done. there were plenty more opportunities to score whiskey for the team. arm wrestling. traditional wrestling, which requires both strength and skill. fill in the blanks" for classical chinese maxims. it didn't take long for me to become the popular kid. my head. looks like the hangover's not the only reason behind this headache. everyone's been exhaling all this hazy energy. i've got to do something about this. it's not much, but it should be enough. something smells good... what is it. a little hangover remedy... want to give it a try. wow, that hits the spot. what did you make it with. oh, just a bit of kimchi and instant noodle spices. this is amazing. what's going on. we want some too. it really hits the spot. it's even better than my mom's cooking. you can cook and kick butt in acupuncture too. is there anything you're not good at. i don't know... singing and dancing. then we'd better teach you how to party. two weeks later, kyunghwa university. the retreat was a success. and now it's time to join a student club. i wonder which one i should join. huh. what... is that place. shim bongsa dine together, die together. what is this place. what kind of a club is this. may i help you. oh, sorry... i knocked on the door but nobody answered. i'm hwang kyunam... a junior majoring in civil engineering... and you. i'm lee jongsuk... freshman majoring in eastern medicine. you didn't know what our club does, did you. i was just looking around. you've got all sorts of stuff here. we provide room and board, you see. now then. write your name and contact info here. do i... have to apply already. huh, the prudent type, are you. then let's just grab a bite. that's how you get close to someone... you eat with them... and hopefully that'll convince you to join. so the name of the club is shim bongsa... as in the character from the folk tale. yeah... but it's a pun on the word "bongsa," which also means volunteer service. and what kind of volunteer service do you provide. oh, a bunch of stuff... orphanages, food banks... and in the summer we go to the countryside and help with the farming. oh... it's almost time for class... i'd better get going. sure thing. thanks for the free lunch. dessert. looking for our very own shim chong to join the cause... volunteer service club shim bongsa. he seemed really genuine and friendly. grandpa heo. jongsuk, could you swing by the clinic after school. is everything okay. has grandma's condition worsened. woori eastern medicine. pharmaceutical lab. hello, grandpa. ah, done with all your classes. it's a chemical analysis of the pellet you made an analysis. we conducted a few more experiments... comparing mice that had the pellet and mice that didn't. amazingly enough, the mice that had your pellet were much healthier. that's the shaolin secret recipe for ya. so i was thinking... maybe we could launch this as a commercial product. that'd be great... then more folks could benefit from its healing effects. but to do so, i'll need your permission. mine. if the sales are good, i'm also willing to pay you a 10 percent royalty. pay me. why do you sound so surprised. i'm just excited... and a bit puzzled. my study on the sixth floor... my wife is there too. well, if it isn't my precious "grandson... grandma. she's doing much better... the foggy energy in her head has cleared up a bit too. come take a look at this, jongsuk. you'll have to study these for your eastern medicine classes. can you read chinese characters. i already know the confucian classics by heart. write down some of the passages i recite for you, then. the "three joys of a gentleman" as taught by mencius. this is excellent. i could do a better job with a proper brush, really. you write brush calligraphy. give me a second. here... show me what you got. any particular favorite styles. styles. for instance, master han seok bong, master chusa. wang xizhi. you can write in their styles. then why don't you show me your chusa style. excellent. do you enjoy calligraphy too. calligraphy is inseparable from eastern medicine, since most of our founding literature was written in chinese. let me give you something in return for this wonderful writing. an ink stone. it's a duan ink stone. duan. it originated from the duan prefecture in the tang dynasty. it's known as "the king of ink stones... and this here is a silla ink stick. is this the king of ink sticks. it's crafted by master artisan yoo, who's been designated as an intangible cultural heritage. a most rare specimen. do you mind if i tried grinding some ink. be my guest. this ink stone and ink stick are at an entirely different level. the color is pristine... without any debris. it lightens my heart. a fine ink stone and ink stick has that effect on the mind. it's like peering into a black lake. would you happen to have a brush to match this. huzhou ink brush. it glides so smoothly. ah, the principles of seasonal health from dongui bogam. i thought it'd go well with your family. frame this and hang it in my office. he'd be a perfect fit with the munbangwoo folks. you must be hungry... let's go to my place and grab a bite... my son should be there too. so your first class is on wednesday. you might want to learn some chinese characters beforehand. it seems jongsuk is the one who should be teaching us chinese. what do you mean, father. follow me to the study. wow... you wrote all this. but they're all written in different styles. chusa, grand prince anpyeong, seokbong. as well as the chinese grand masters... he can copy them all. enough with the chitchat, boys... dinner is served. you know, jongsuk, the invitation still stands for your folks to visit the clinic. i'll personally see to it they get the best treatment we can provide. i mentioned it to them once, but they didn't want to be a burden. i'll bring it up again. you've used the duan ink stone, the work of a master artisan... you've gained 1,000 xp. you've used the silla ink stick, the work you've gained 50 xp. you've used the huzhou brush, the work of a master artisan... you've discovered a unique space... you've gained 500 xp. hello, principal... how have you been, sir. i'm well... how's college. i love it. i called to ask you if i could meet the gentlemen of munbangwoo. first time you asked for a meeting... anything special going on. i had a chance to use a duan ink stone with a silla brush, you see. both are very fine tools for calligraphy. do you by any chance accept new members. why do you ask. do you know of dr... heo, who runs the eastern medicine clinic. heo pyungji. oh, do you know him. of course... he's such a renowned doctor and professor. yeah, he actually teaches at my school. i heard his son's also a professor there. so you do know him. the thing is. he's not on very good terms with sudam. with dr... i'm sorry that my friends don't welcome new members. i'm sorry for the bother. thank you for your understanding. is the reason why you entered the oriental medical school because of pyeongji. pyeong ji heo... i will be using their shorter names to avoid the readers getting additional confusion... same with other characters... xd. so he's your mentor why is your relationship with heo so bad. do you know the reason why heo's wife is sick. the hospital where heo's wife was treated is the seoul hospital. oh... jae cheol moon's hospital. she got cancer and was admitted there. so those two... but it's not the elder's fault. are you sure you can talk him out of it. but, its just that. he wanted to release his anger to someone. she was discharged as soon as she got a little better. i also stopped talking to him... but. such a story. the story about them is too short to fully understand the situation... maybe we'll know more in the upcoming chapters... but i'm pretty much sure you get the gist of it :). how are you guys doing. we're good, how about you. this is my gift for your admission. you don't have to give me this. you can open it here if you want. oh... a macbook pro. giving me such an expensive gift. when i asked other students what they needed for school, they said they needed this the most. thank you... i actually needed a laptop. i'm glad you like it. well, should we have a meal. do you know pyeong ji. does mr... lee know heo too. i ran into him while on a trip and volunteered with him. oh, so was it his influence that made you choose oriental medicine. we helped a lot of people with acupuncture and herbs. it felt nice helping people without the need of medicines. he's refering to those what we usually buy in pharmacies. yea, but using medicine can help faster. yeah, but the old folks in the mountains might have a hard time accepting it. so you like to help others. yeah, seeing the smile on people's face is what i like about helping. our hospital is going to a remote area for volunteer work... would you like to come with us. but i'm not used yet to modern medicines. there's enough medicine for everyone... but i don't have a certificate yet. is there a reason why you asked that. ah , yes. heo was desperate, because his wife was very sick. heo was. angry about himself for not being able to do anything. i see... so that's why. you're concerned about my relationship with heo... right. yes, because you two are my friends. by the way, do you always call heo grandpa and me professor. uh... do you also want me to call you grandpa. uh... can you call me that when it's just us. yes, grandpa. jongseok, do you know his number. are you gonna call him. we've been against each other for too long. i think it's time to talk... would you excuse us for a moment. what do you want. how have you been... can we talk for a moment. sooksoo. oh, your here. how have you been. he's no longer angry ~. i have something for you. this is my gift for you ~. these are all knives that i use in the kitchen. all of this. have a look at it~. it feels heavy. it's made from cast iron. ah... cast iron. cast iron is a group of iron carbon alloys with a carbon content more than 2 percent... its usefulness derives from its relatively low melting temperature. good knife can make good food. it's feels heavy but have a good grip to it. it's also important to take care of the knifes. so make sure you clean it up from time to time ~. yes~. after the meeting. jongseok... are you busy. is something wrong. i'm heading to the hospital right now. which hospital are you going to. seoul hospital. it's director moon's hospital. yes i know that place,. what the hell is going on. yes, i'll be right there. grandpa. thanks for coming on such short notice. no worries... where's grandma. she's getting a cat scan. she's doing much better than before... but run a few more tests just to be sure. don't worry, grandpa... you've been taking great care of her. i know... but i can't help it. so... did you two bury the hatchet. there's nothing to bury except our aging bodies. oh, right... i've been told you're the calligraphy teacher at munbangwoo. teacher... no... we just write and appreciate good calligraphy together. who teaches medical literature classical chinese for the freshmen. professor kang in wook. he'd better stay sharp if he doesn't want to be humiliated in class with jongsuk. i'm getting a bit nervous myself. aw... please don't even joke about stuff like that. it's good to see you, jongsuk. i was getting a bit scared... but i feel much more at ease with you here. i'm sure you'll be fine. so as you can see here, the size of the tumor has shrunk. you're right. the blood samples tell us that your liver's also doing much better now. see... i told you there was nothing to worry about. this is fantastic news... so i was thinking. perhaps she can be admitted so she can resume her treatment. the treatment is what took a toll on her in the first place... you want to put her through that again. darling. i appreciate you taking the time on the weekend to take a look... but i don't want to admit her again. i know our disciplines are different... but we're both just trying to save lives. are you 100 percent certain your treatment will work. you know there's no such thing as 100 percent in medicine. i'll do what she wishes. i'd like to stay home. i suppose enjoying one's life to the fullest. could just be the best treatment after all. let's go, grandma... i'll fix you something very nice tonight. you can cook. he's an excellent cook... probably even better than your mom. why don't you join us for dinner. we've had a drink together. i'm pretty confident about acing this course... except. the tome doesn't have memories of modern shorthand... i'll have to study those myself. i heard from director kang. director kang. it's been forever, kid... i heard you're studying eastern medicine at kyunghwa university these days. the director wanted to cast me in one of his new shows. titled "restaurant rescue," the program helped find solutions for failing restaurants. maybe i can earn some pocket money. um... how much is the payment mind me asking. 500,000 won... plus extra for any re runs. i'll do it... does it start next month. no, next tuesday. that soon. am i filling in for someone... still, it beats part time jobs. okay... i'll see you then. finally, the show is saved. i'm never going to cast that baek domu jerk in anything again. i know he's a hotshot but how can he cancel a week ahead. now that we got jongsuk... let's see if we can get the "other guy" on the show as well. that'll be a good match. frame this as a collaboration between rookie chefs and restaurants that want to improve... it's all about potential. day of shooting. pork ribs, unless you've got a palate like mine, it's pretty hard to make pork ribs taste bad. the business started going downhill ever since the owner's wife was hospitalized. as for the quality of the food. or any problems with the ingredients. the director hasn't given me any information. is he not telling me on purpose to get an honest reaction out of me. so, you still cooking. you're on this show too. i heard you're studying eastern medicine now. doing here... you should stick to your needles. i see that you're still as friendly as ever, let's get ready, you two. i went easy on you the last time... brace yourself today. hello, everyone. welcome to "restaurant rescue... i'm your host, oh jungjin. today we have two very special guests from "titan chef teens... hello, i'm lee jongsuk. i'm heo in guk. congratulations on your admission to kyunghwa university, by the way. eastern medicine... are we going to see some medicinal herbs in your recipes. i'm afraid not... i'm still just a freshman, so i don't know a whole lot. i see... now, let's take a look at the restaurant needing to be rescued today. what... only he gets the spotlight... just you wait and see. i had this charcoal delivered all the way from gangwon province. it looks like quality charcoal indeed. what do you two think. charcoal is often the key factor in grilling... you'd think with high quality charcoal like this, there should be no issues. the side dishes aren't bad either. then it must be the pork after all. grill some pork ribs to find out, i guess. so far so good. let's all give it a taste, shall we. oh... that smell. oh... did you just spit out the pork, jongsuk. what's with this guy... it's not great, but it doesn't taste that bad. wait... is he just trying to draw all the attention to himself. is there a problem. i think the pork smells a bit. i didn't notice anything off putting... maybe because of the marinade. when you've cooked as much as we have, it's enough to notice. most folks would probably just eat this, but the question of whether they'd come back is a whole different story. the texture's not bad though... it's actually pretty juicy. so what should they do to make improvements. marinade could be improved to better control the pork's gamey smell. let's go find out. let's start with the kitchen. that jerk's hogging all the attention. please relax... could you show me how you make the marinade. oh... sure. it's fresh... and the meat's texture was fine too. and the meat looks fresh as well. sir... when was this meat brought in. this morning. use the meat that was brought in that morning. you have a lot of leftover meat because sales are low, right. but you can't order less meat because your supplier won't give you the same price. that's correct. the meat you usually use. i'm not sure about that. we can only help you if we can identify the root of the issue. i'm guessing the ribs up front are the older ones. you usually use those first and then get to the fresh ones in the back, right. let's take two lumps of meat... an older one and a fresh one. did you make this marinade yesterday. and you used the more dated meat. please bring that out as well. that smell again. let's unpack and compare the meats. which meat looks like it has better texture. i actually think the more dated one has better texture. probably because it's had a chance to wet age in the fridge. i agree. let's try grilling these. oh... and what would be the purpose of doing that. you'll see. country pork ribs. i grilled them separately... try the fresh batch first. i don't smell anything on this meat at all... is it because it's more fresh. that's right... and it's high quality. let's try the older batch then. i actually think this tastes better. probably because it was marinated longer in an airtight container. okay, so we know that the older meat has better texture. but it's got the gamey smell. but the texture tells us that there's nothing wrong with the quality of the meat itself. then what's the problem. it's a matter of how long the meat's been sitting on the shelves. all we need to do is use fresher meat. there's nothing wrong with the marinade. i suppose the recipe could use a slight improvement. but we should get to the more urgent issue first. let's start by throwing away the old meat. all of it... this will cost me a pretty penny. running a restaurant isn't just about selling food for profit. trust and honesty are key when it comes to food. trust. and honesty. food doesn't lie... if you use fresh ingredients, it'll stay fresh. that's how you build trust with your customers, as they come to appreciate your honesty. and this right here is an obstacle to such trust and honesty. by throwing this out, you'll demonstrate to your customers that you're honest and you deserve their trust. that is the first step you should take. in this long journey ahead. isn't my son such an inspiration. i know, right... what a stud. maybe he's a genius. yeah, i know. jongsuk throws all the old meat away. check out those pipes... are all chefs this shredded. they really went overboard with those captions. jongsuk is reworking the marinade recipe. what's this secret powder. what's that secret powder. medicinal herbs. herbs. it's supposed to help control the gamey smell. what's in it... can't you tell your own mother. it's a secret... and i really felt sorry for that family. yeah... he did seem to have it pretty hard looking after his sick wife. i think his wife worked really hard, coming up with the recipe and all. that's why he never gave up even when the sales went down... he wanted to show his wife that he kept the business running when she comes back from the hospital. so i want to let them keep the "secret powder" as their very own secret recipe. aww, that's so sweet of you. fine, fine... i'll stop prying. customers now flock to the restaurant again. everyone is very satisfied with the new recipe. another restaurant rescued. next week: snack bar in gyeonggi province needs rescuing. oh, a snack bar... just like ours. we already finished shooting that episode. tell me how it went. you can watch it on tv next week... no cheating, mom. let's get you home, sumi... i'll go with you. you should ask him to buy you something nice now that he's getting paid. i haven't gotten my paycheck yet. thanks for a great time, mrs... lee... i'll swing by again. i'm thinking of buying a car. a car. how will you afford it. i've been saving up, and i'll keep getting paid from the show. do you really need a car though... can't you just take the bus. i want to give you a ride. oh, but i'm okay. it'll be much nicer if we have a car when we go on dates... we could listen to music and watch movies in the car too. that sounds nice. but you shouldn't buy a car just so we can go on dates. why don't you save up for your tuition instead. of course, i'll do that too. anyway, i'm so proud of you... i've never been on tv before. you should join me next time when we shoot again... that host is extra handsome in person. conference room. ooh... we're getting a lot of comments. what a waste of perfectly good meat... they should just give it to the homeless. are you saying the homeless should eat trash. i loved what he said about trust and honesty. i wonder what's inside that secret powder. what a rude young man... he shouldn't try to teach his elders like that. okay, boomer... the kid's just trying to help. there's all sorts of feedback... both positive and negative. it's better than no feedback... plus, there are always trolls. but don't you think jongsuk's a bit intense on this show. i'll take intense over boring any day. he's not afraid to pull punches when it's necessary, even if the restaurant owners are older and more experienced than him. but he's got his own philosophy and style when it comes to cooking... and he insists upon honesty and trust. so let's make him shine in that way... someone who can be intense, but also charismatic. that sounds good... we'll go with that. downtown seoul. i think it was around here somewhere. oh, hey... how've you been. pretty good... i saw that you became a tv star. so you needed my help with something. you were the only person i could think of last minute. we have a show coming up... but actors got injured. he's in a fight scene, you see... all you need to do is learn the choreography. but wouldn't we need more time to rehearse to prevent more injuries. remember oh daesik, the guy who's good at martial arts... he'll be the one "fighting" you on stage. he should be able to cover things up even if you make a mistake. oh, i remember him. cast room. based on true history empress meyongseong. oh, it's about that queen of joseon who was assassinated by the japanese. and i'm playing one of those ninjas who killed her. you ready... let's go rehearse the moves real quick on the stage. the blade's not sharp, but it can still hurt if you get hit, so be careful. he'll show you your moves... watch carefully. was that too quick... do you need to see it again. no, i'm good. good... now let's pick up the pace a bit. okay, here we go. hey, not bad. did you already memorize all the moves, jongsuk. the kid's a natural... why don't we just cast him as ninja 1. can we. thanks to his martial arts training, he's a quick study... and his moves feel very natural. is that okay, jongsuk. thanks man... i'll buy you some barbecue after the show. ninja 1 has a lot of 1 on 1 action scenes with me. you'll have to pull off some of the fanciest, most dangerous moves in the show. which means it's extra tricky to get it just right. but if we manage to do that, it'll look fantastic. so the guy who got injured was playing ninja 1. he landed the wrong way and twisted his ankle. he must have been hospitalized. it wasn't for the lack of practice either, so stay sharp. i can see why daesik wanted me to do this. the other cast members can't keep up with him. they have to slow down on purpose, which is making it look too artificial. phew... did you see that... now let's give it a try... i'll let you know if you get anything wrong. what the kid's like an action star. that was incredible. that's it... you're going to be ninja 1. the assassins are on their way, your majesty... we must get you to safety. but i am the empress of this great nation. i will not hide and cower. please take care of the emperor, my brother. your majesty. please do that for me... and thank you for everything. my scene's coming up soon. i entered the palace all for your sake. you were the reason i lived on. you were my most precious flower. and where you lie asleep... so shall my sword be buried. finally, my turn. let's do this. where is the empress. do not soil her name with your foul mouth. he would have been made a general if he were born back then. we must get her before she escapes. you'll have to go through me first. die. hiyaah. i did not know joseon had a samurai like you. i am not a samurai... i am a warrior of joseon. come. wow, that's incredible. are they fighting for real. that bodyguard is so amazing. that ninja's kind of hot too. i can hear the audience cheering. how exciting. i can't help myself. he's getting carried away. this could get dangerous. you have to keep to the right pace when it comes to choreographed fighting. but he's rushing now, because he's too excited. he doesn't seem to realize it either... what should i do. should i block upwards like we agreed upon. but that could break my sword and injure me. i'll absorb the impact with my body. he got flung back. this is like watching a kungfu movie. what have i done. although it may look like i was thrown back. i manipulated my flow of chi to resonate. and guided the impact of his sword to bypass my body. what the... he's not injured. wink. did he just wink at me. watch me carefully. i wonder if he'll notice. you can't defeat me. he noticed. hit my wrist and drop my sword. he wants me to knock his sword out of his hands so we can go to unarmed combat instead. are you sure about this. we only have one more minute to go. sorry, kid... i promise i'll make up for my mistake. attack me with everything you got... don't worry about hurtnig me. jongsuk's good... but he's not better than me. i'll just block his every move. how exhilarating. jongsuk's a much better fighter than me. this is crazy. it's straight out of an action film. 56. 57. 58. 59. 60. show's over. time's up. aack. are you okay, jongsuk. yeah, i'm fine. let's take a closer look and make sure you're not hurt after the show. it didn't exactly go as planned. no, but it looked even more awesome. i'm sorry... i got carried away. i can't blame you... the audience was going wild. thanks, kid... we couldn't have done it without you... it was amazing. glad i could help. review: "empress myeongseong" impresses audience with epic fight scene. readers' feedback. this show rocked... especially the action. oh daesik was amazing. i thought the ninja was amazing. the action was off the charts. the empress was supposed to be the star... but the general and the ninja stole the show. daesik was cast in an action film after the show. apparently there was a film director sitting in the audience that night. as time passed by, i found myself at the end of my first semester and the beginning of my first break in college. morning, a mountain in gyeonggi province. school may be out, but the freshmen and sophomores of my department gathered at the mouth of a mountain to prep for our next course in herbology. we were to try foraging for herbs ourselves in this mountain. we were going to be quizzed about the herbs we found, on their effects and toxins... the professor of the course was there to grade us. hey, i love that rescue show. have you been studying up on your herbs. not much. you can't just pluck whatever looks familiar. some of the plants look a lot like each other... and bringing the wrong ones will just get your score deducted. let's get started. if you need help, blow on the whistle. the mountain belonged to dr... heo's family. his clinic used it to grow and study medicinal herbs. ow, that stings. the air is so fresh here. is that ginseng. is this wild ginseng. it looks like it's about 40 years old or so. and it goes for around six to seven million won... it's not as expensive as i thought. still, a wild ginseng is a rare find... i should give this to grandma. thank you for this wild ginseng... it will be put to very good use. what a view. are you having lunch. i think she's in my class... but i can't remember her name. mind if we join you. of course not... come have a seat. what have you got there... bean paste and ham. and some wild mountain greens. did you find these here. you sure you should be eating these. i only picked what's edible. wow, that's quite a lunchbox. help yourself. wow, you packed all this. it's for sharing. well, don't mind if i do. can i try one of those. it's a bit bitter, so have some ham with it. you're right... it is a bit bitter... but it's still good. try some of my cone sushi as well. why are you laughing. oh, nothing. it's just that i remembered what my girlfriend said. she told me to never eat any cone sushi prepared by someone else. cuz you know, it looks like a homemade dish. isn't that how people usually have them... homemade. but most folks just buy the meal kit. it's actually easier to put together than gimbap. guys usually take gimbap for granted because it's so common. but they mistakenly believe it takes more effort to prepare cone sushi. so what. apparently it's also the first thing that girls make for guys they like. you... must really like cone sushi, yup. well, take your time... i won't have any. mmkay. this jongsuk guy is so clueless. aww, the poor thing... she's so embarrassed that she's just scarfing it all down by herself. are you sure this will do. but everyone likes cone sushi. still... jongsuk's like, a real chef... he's literally on restaurant rescue. it'll be better than trying to make something you can't. but i heard he's got a girlfriend... do you think this will be enough to win him over. who knows... you won't know till you try, right. crap... he must think i'm a pig. psst... eat some of this... she's going to throw up and to think how hard we had to climb up this mountain to catch up with this jerk. so, did you find a lot of herbs. well, i ate all of it, so find some more. hey, say something. urff. you must have eaten too quickly. here, have some water. can i see your hand. my hand. it's really cold... are your hands usually this cold. no. your pulse is also irregular... are you under stress right now by any chance. how did he know. you're the source of the stress, you idiot. hang on... are you. i think you might be going through. a severe indigestion... i can give you a massage to make you feel better. a massage. jongsuk's going to give me a massage. where are you going to massage me. just your hands, your elbows... and your back. my back. hey, where are you taking inyoung. we have to do this somewhere else. there's no flowing water here. you're not getting any ideas, are you. don't worry. mmph... urrf. oh my gosh... i'm so screwed... i can't believe i just belched like that in front of jongsuk. oh no, it smells awful too... what if he smelled it. feeling better. yeah... thanks. you're going to throw up soon. urf. not in front of my crush. game over, i guess. hey, pack up. but i'm not done eating yet. just pack up, dammit. the only thing i can do for her now is to get her out of here. something came up... we gotta go. but she still must be feeling nauseous... you should let her rest a bit. oh, i'm sure walking it off will help. is she okay. i'm not sure if this is an herb. that just looks like regular grass to me. get the name right too to get full credit. hey... i saw you turned in quite a bit. didn't the upperclassmen tell you finding a lot's not necessarily a good thing. and what have you got there... more herbs. let me see. please, let me just show you. relax... i know how to handle herbs just fine. that's a wild ginseng. wild ginseng. you recognize what wild ginseng looks like. you must have mistaken it for a cultivated specimen that got seeded in a random spot. it really is wild ginseng. jongsuk found this. how did he know where to find it. how many years do you think this ginseng has matured. about forty. and what's the difference between wild ginseng and cultivated ones. the "head" of cultivated ginseng is shorter and thicker compared to that of wild ginseng. whereas wild ginseng's "torso" is scrunched up, its "tail" is long and thin. my word. no herbalist has found a wild ginseng in this mountain for forty years. but a student found it... a first year student no less. do you remember where you found it. yes, professor heo... i've verified that really... it must be worth at least six to seven million won. from our mountain, but the student should still be rewarded. let's give him a million as a scholarship and use the rest of the money to buy all the students a dinner. that dinner will cost you more than what the ginseng's worth. i'll cover the rest of the expenses... who found it, you found a wild ginseng. yeah... i know your clinic takes all the herbs. but a wild ginseng that old is worth at least seven million... why didn't you just keep it for yourself. i figured grandma could have it if your clinic took it. i was thinking of her while i was uprooting it carefully too. i'll tell you what... how about this. why don't you give it to her yourself. sure, that sounds good. so i found a wild ginseng, got paid. and even got to help out grandma. that should be a few more entries for the tome. cut. good job, everyone... here, let me pour you one. no thanks... i brought my car. i'll pay for your cab. really, i'm okay. anyway, do you guys have passports. we've got a special episode coming up... to be shot overseas. our show's ratings just passed 10 percent this week... so we got extra funding. well, i have a lot of experience in chinese cuisine from all the competitions. which is exactly why i'm sending you to china, in guk. and jongsuk to japan. remember sunny from the pop star group saffron... she'll be joining you in japan, jongsuk. as for you, in guk, you get to go with black kiss. is this supposed to be a rematch for the this will be my chance to get my revenge. incheon international airport. finally... restaurant rescue is going international. the mission is to rescue restaurants run by korean expats in china and japan. chef jongsuk will be going to japan. and chef in guk to china. in guk is well versed in chinese cuisine... but how familiar with japanese cooking are you, jongsuk. well, no matter where you're from, salt will always be salty and sugar will always be sweet. i'll just focus on making delicious food. international airport, japan. are you sure you should be hugging me like this in public. it's okay... i'm not that famous in japan... yet. save the catching up for the bus. since our host is with in guk in china. let's have you be the host for japan, sunny. me... all i need to do is stick to the script, right. the first restaurant is a spicy rib bowl place. spicy food in japan. the business was successful at first because the dish was featured in a korean tv show popular in japan. everyone wanted to see what it tasted like, especially since the place boasted "authentic" cooking. but in the end... it was too spicy for the japanese. they simply couldn't handle that much heat. so the owner then turned it down a notch. now that her spicy rib bowls weren't spicy as they were supposed to be. she lost the rest of her customers. that must be the menu,. 1... spicy for japanese. 2... spicy for koreans. 3... super spicy. you can read japanese. we'll get started right away once the food is ready. three levels of spiciness and the basic side dishes. the side dish is really good. we were doing fairly well back in korea. don't worry... i'm sure it'll all work out after this. i sure hope so. i'll try the ribs now then. the first one's too sweet, but the second one's good. the third one is really spicy. these are all very good, ma'am. oh, really... thank goodness. i've been craving spicy food so much... this hits the spot. the second one is the best, i think. the third one is too hot. so why are there no customers... so why do you think people stopped coming. that's because you and i are korean. this would be a hit among koreans. but we're in japan right now. then what should we do. there's only one answer. when in rome, do as the romans do... since we're in japan, we'll have to tailor this to the japanese. and the first step is. the first thing we have to take care of. is to figure out what japanese folks like to eat. let's go check out the local convenience store. could you recommend some of your most popular food items. what did you have in mind. two types of instant ramen, two sandwiches, and a couple of snacks or beverages will do. oh, and i'd like to know if you have any personal favorites as well. why did you buy convenience store food. convenience store food is optimized for the palate of the general public. the most popular items probably reflect the type of flavors that japanese folks enjoy. let's start with the noodles, then. wow... that was really good. what was your favorite. hmm. this. the whipped cream just bursts into your mouth... this is really good. what's the most popular restaurant around here, ma'am. there's a ramen place nearby. then let's go get brunch there. look at that long line. and they haven't even opened yet. we still have about half an hour before it opens. oh well, we'll just have to wait. looks like most folks here order the tonkotsu ramen. two bowls of tonkotsu ramen, please. coming right up. don't forget to add the shichimi and spring onions. i feel like my tongue is swimming in a vat of grease. it really is very greasy. i wouldn't have been able to finish it if it weren't for the spicy shichimi and spring onions. why do you think japanese folks like this so much. so, have you figured out what to do. i have a few ideas. i'll let you know once we get back to our restaurant. the layout is pretty much what you'd find in any korean restaurant. the entrance is right there. and there's a smaller door on the right. but it's been sealed off with all those boxes of supplies. each table seats four to six people. why don't we use this smaller door as the main entrance. but we already have the main entrance. we could give two flavors to the same restaurant. when we went to the ramen place, we saw a lot of folks eating alone. yeah, they seem to do that in japan. but that only works when the tables are meant to seat a party of one. with tables like these, one person could end up taking up multiple seats. what if i asked them to sit with others. in my experience, i haven't seen any stranger join me at the table. japanese folks tend to be quiet, and highly value social etiquette. they try to refrain from being a burden on anyone else. since all the tables here can only seat four to six people. if someone came to eat alone, they'd feel uncomfortable about taking up the entire table. they simply don't want to be seen as rude. then how should i change the layout. i think i have an idea... let me explain. you could place seats differently behind that smaller entrance. and mark the big door as "two or more people". and the smaller door, "for parties of one... that way, lone diners can come in without feeling pressured. but there's still only one shop. it doesn't matter... the point is to give the customers the notion that they're welcome to come eat alone. of course not. you should also split the space into two. the bigger tables to the left, behind the bigger door. and then the single customer space to the right. line up the tables in a single file to create many single seat tables by the smaller door. as for the rest of the tables, leave them as they are, for parties of four. meanwhile, you should the tables that can seat six. what... but what if they come in big groups. then you can always slide one of the single tables next to it. i see... the single seater could always seat two more like that. you'll be able to make the best of all the tables that way. wow, that's really efficient. the crew could help her set this up. yeah, i'll ask them to get it done by tomorrow morning. how's that... why don't you give it a try... we'll take care of everything for you. oh, i never even thought of this before... thank you. when are we going to start cooking, by the way. tomorrow afternoon, as soon as the layout is reconfigured. now that we've figured out the new layout. we'll get right to cooking tomorrow. let's pick up from here tomorrow. it feels like an entirely different restaurant. welcome back. so, what do you think. let's head to the kitchen then. sure... this way. let's get rid of menu number one. there's little use in trying to improve something that japanese folks don't want to eat in the first place. then what did you have in mind. we should bet all our chips on what you do best... the spiciness. but the japanese customers had a hard time with the heat. isn't that why it didn't work out in the first place. zoom in on jongsuk. we'll show them how to appreciate the heat instead. well, i've brought this for a start. and what do we have here. whole cream and sweet corn. remember how you felt when you had that ramen. i said i couldn't have finished it without the shichimi and the spring onions. that's right... it was too greasy for us without the extra spice. oh... you mean this cream and corn is going to act as the spring onion and shichimi. it'll help the japanese palate ease into the spice. wait to see what you do with this... let's get started. that's a lot of olive oil. what do you usually eat after having something spicy. i don't know... like milk... and sweet stuff. the best way to cope with spicy food is to have something oily or greasy. the oil helps wash down the spice. it's sweet and tender... like a soup version of sponge cake. give it a try. it's very smooth. delicious. it could be a bit sweeter, right. oh... you're right. we'll use this to get the sweetness. oh, so that's what the cream was for. here, try it again. wow... this tastes like pure joy. now, then. let's get to the main part, shall we. alrighty, then. let's make ourselves some spicy ribs. right... you made this cream soup to go with the ribs. here are the two spiciest versions of the ribs. let's give them a taste. it's even better with the soup. the soup definitely helps tone down the spiciness. the cream coats the tongue and makes it less hot. now all we have to do is see how the local folks like it. next day, noon. wow, delicious. thank you so much... you saved my business. phew, that's refreshing. dang, jongsuk... i wish i could be as shredded as you for just one day. you haven't gone to bed yet. actually, i came to ask you for an urgent favor. it sounds like in guk didn't get things quite right in china... the feedback they got was lukewarm at best. what kind of a restaurant is it. korean style pork belly grill. but i thought everyone loved korean barbecue. initially, it was a huge hit, but they lost out to nearby competitors who ran much bigger restaurants and offered cheaper prices. do they use chinese pork belly. the cost margin's too high to fly the pork in from korea. got any ideas, jongsuk. much about china... or what the folks like to eat there. that's why i sent in guk to china... what the heck is his deal. in guk can be a real jerk... but he's a great chef... how's he struggling to make pork belly appealing. why is business slow. it may be difficult to stand out with so many similar businesses in the same area. then how can we make it stand out. then how can we make it stand out... add a local flair. hey, i didn't send you to china to just run out of ideas. you're being a bit loud. just send me all the stuff and footage from china. so what did in guk make. wine steamed clams, i think. i guess he meant to pair it with the pork. kind of like how we made our soup,. i'm sure it was tasty. but the problem is, there's no reason a korean bbq if you want to get steamed clams. they don't complement each other. the spicy ribs went well with the soup, with the traits of each dish creating a synergy with each other. but in this case. i have no idea, since i haven't tasted it. they must have convenience stores there too, right... have in guk try some of the items popular among the locals. and what's this. dried sunflower seeds, i think... they seaseon it and fry it over there. seeds,. in guk's probably still awake, right. hi, it's jongsuk... i'll give you a hint on how to get through this if you ask for my help. like hell i will... forget it. fine, here's a freebie... why don't you try making some custom ssamjang dipping sauce. i already tried. ssamajang is key when you have korean bbq... of course i've already thought of it. have you tried adding seeds and nuts... like peanuts, sunflower seed, walnut. okay, ready for another tip. try adding freshwater snails to the ssamjang. i'm sure he can figure it out from here. i think you won't have to worry anymore. did you figure it out... what is it. wait till you find out in the editing room... you'll be watching it over and over again anyway. he could have just told me. next morning, you sure you'll be okay by yourself. want me to have one of the crew stick around with you. it's okay... i'm only going to stay for a couple of days. i put some japanese yen in here. thank you... i'll put it to good use. finally... my first trip overseas by myself. the real reason i'm here is to find some clues on the truth behind the tome of experience. there sure are a lot of relics here. the japanse sure made some fine swords. is that what i think it is. missionary paul,. artist: kimura. paul was a missionary from spain, whose records say that he was a polymath adept in astronomy, gunpowder, medicine, and geography... he was also known as a fierce warrior. a warrior. i can see why a missionary would have studied medicine and other subjects... but a warrior. western missionaries to japan were oppressed under the rule of toyotomi hideyoshi... around 350 soldiers were said to have attacked the village where missionary paul was proselytizing. over 300 troops... fired dozens of musket rounds. only three of them have returned alive... legend has it that paul did not succumb until dozens of musket rounds had pierced his body. could this be an exaggeration of old japanese folklore. wait... is that what i think it is. that cover design... i recognize it. i've got to look into this. it looks exactly like the design on the tome of experience. what should i do. ah, it's so good to hear from you mr... how have you been, sir. i'm well... how are you... anything i may be of assistance. i was wondering any contacts regarding museums in japan. japanese museums. i'm in japan right now, and i saw a painting at a museum that is particularly interesting... i was wondering if i could get a closer look. closer look, as in literally up close. that's probably a big ask... i know. well, i don't know what sort of painting you're looking at, but it's probably a copy. a copy... then what about the original. it's probably locked up in the museum's safe. oh... sorry to trouble you with such a difficult favor. i presume it's very important that you see the original up close. it just might be the most important painting in my life. i'm not sure about the actual painting, but i might be able to get you access to a photo of the original. a photo. yeah, i think that could be very helpful. if it's a high res image, i'm sure it won't be all pixelated even if i zoom in real tight. you'll find an office at the museum... go talk to the staff there and explain the situation... i'll give them a call after we hang up. thank you're a lifesaver. i'm glad i could be of help... enjoy. excuse me... i'm lee jongsuk. yes, we were told you'd be coming... please come this way. so you wanted to see the painting of missionary paul. finally. about it's an exact match of the tome. the cover is identical. may i ask what you're investigating. i was curious about this strange magic rune design in a painting from the 16th century. the ministry of culture called us just to satiate this guy's curiosity... who is this korean kid. would you happen to know something about this book. someone donated the painting to us, so that's all we know. would it be possible to know who donated the painting. i'm afraid i'm not at liberty to disclose such information without prior consent. then could i at least take the image file with me. same book as my tome. or is there another tome of experience out there. missionary paul from spain. well, i've got to start somewhere. missionary paul arrived in japan from spain in 1580. worried that westerners were corrupting their people, 13 samurais attacked missionary paul. with nothing but bare fists, the missionary fought off the armed samurais. all throughout the fight, paul ensured that the samurais would not get injured. paul's martial prowess greatly astonished and impressed his assailants. paul then reached out to them with the gospel. with newfound admiration for missionary paul, the samurais were open to his teachings. they soon became his disciples. but with hideyoshi's oppression of christians in 1592, the village burned down. against the invading soldiers stood missionary paul. although he fought valiantly and alone to keep the villagers safe. the dozens of musket rounds brought him to his knees... and that is how missionary paul expired... praying. why did he fight alone when he had 13 samurais under his tutelage. could just ask the tome, but it wouldn't tell me the names of its former owners. oppression of western missionaries in japan. by kimura nanase. kimura nanase. kimura. that's the name of the artist who painted missionary paul. i definitely remember that. could this be one of his descendents. i'd better go see for myself. this is basically the longer version of what i found online. a university history professor. i'm sure they have the history department phone number on the website. hello, this is the history department. hello, i'm lee jongsuk from korea... may i speak to professor kimura nanase. speaking... may i ask the nature of your inquiry, lee san. oh, so it's you, professor... i just had a question about something i read in your book, "the oppression of western missionaries in japan... oh... really. could you spare a few minutes to meet with me in person. actually, i'm free this evening... do you mind coming to the campus. oh... thank you so much. things are working out more smoothly than i thought. i was surprised to hear that you read such a obscure book. on the contrary, i gained very valuable insight on the missionaries who were oppressed in japan. i also learned that an artist named "kimura" painted the portrait of missionary paul... any relations. yes, actually... he's my ancestor. in the painting, i noticed missionary paul was holding a strange book. you mean the "book of records... the book of records... so that's what the tome of experience used to be called. what exactly is this "book of records... according to my ancestor, missionary paul wrote every detail of his life in the book of records. is there anything else you know. well, it's also been said that my ancestor took a peek at the book one day... only to find it completely blank. completely blank,. it must be the tome of experience. then what happened to oh... well, you see. there are no other surviving records of what happened after the death of missionary paul. my biggest question and whole purpose of coming here was to track down the tome's history. did the missionary have the book with him when he died. that appears to be the case. but nobody knows what happened to the book since then. thank you for your precious time. may i contact you again if i have any more questions. of course, please feel free to reach out anytime. i feel like i've gained nothing from this. i should just take this slow... no need to rush. we thought you were coming tomorrow. what's this. i got them at duty free. ooh, a belt... you'll make your old man all nice and dandy now. aww, how did you know this is my favorite brand. i saw you swoon when they had those on the shopping channel the other day. thank you, sweetie. i'm going to go crash now. oh, you must be tired... go on. got anything on catholic missionaries. is it about one person or many. many. i knew it... so more folks had access to the tome. how many of them were active in japan. just one. spend 200 xp to show me his experience. which experience would you like to see. does he have a lot. there are multiple accounts of this former writer's experience. like what. medicine, theology, astronomy, geography, navigation. thought, he had such a wide range of experience. show me 200 xp worth of his combat experience while active as a missionary in japan. we were assailed by the local samurai today. upon sending our parishioners into a safer corner of the room, i confronted the samurais, trying my best to evade those deadly blades. this has to be paul. which means paul was a former owner of this very same tome. how did the tome end up all the way in korea from japan. based on other prior experience recorded in the tome. it was in france, china, spain, japan, then china again... and then korea. it might be in a different order, but i think i've got the gist of it. where the heck did you come from. collecting all this experience. who made you, and why. it hurts my head to just think about it. i'll just let it sit while i take a shower. i wonder though, is this really the only copy. one step at a time. show ratings. recent (episode 16) 15.1 percent. previous (episode 15) 9.6 percent. ep... 10 17.0 ep... 11 16.5 ep... 12 15.3 ep... 13 16.0 ep... 14 16.6 ep... 15 9.6 ep... 16 15.1. chef jongsuk is soo smart... 16 mins. gotta love them convenience stores 16 mins. yup, convenience stores usually get the public demand right 17 mins. i kinda wanna try that traditional chinese pickle stuff 18 mins. did you see the ratings... it's never been this high since we started the show... it's all thanks to you guys. so, what's next for you. i might have a shot at working at the fancy chinese restaurant boksung in cheongdam. isn't that the place run by the super famous chef lee taebok. that'll be great for you to be working under the "master of chinese cuisine... so why did you want to see us today. with the record ratings and all, we got a bonus. two million won for each of you. and could you leave your schedules open for the 29th. why. you've been nominated for "the best couple" award. but we're both men. well, you guys made such a great combo on the show. but i don't have anything to wear for the awards ceremony. go to this place... they'll lend you an outfit. the show itself also got nominated for the "viewers' pick" category. that's great news. director. i'd better get back to editing... grab yourselves a treat with that bonus money. well, since we're the "best couple" now, wanna drive with me to get our outfits. sure, whatever. so you're not going to college... i thought you were trying again this year. i've got more to learn from chef lee taebok than from any college. true... i'm sure the master has a lot to teach you. and about before... thank you. you know, the tip... when i was in china. aw, that was just an idea... you found a way to make it work. regardless. although i wanted to keep digging into the secrets of the tome. the gentlemen of munbangwoo invited me on a trip to somewhere of great importance. cheong seowon, gangwon province. what an elegant view. cheong seowon's garden is always so beautiful. i'd buy a house like this in a heartbeat if there was one in seoul. sounds like you've put quite a bit of money aside before you retired. come on, can't a man joke. oh, i've been very well... especially to see you young masters again. who's that. he grew up here... he's basically the living history of cheong seowon. why did he call you young master. oh, the thing is. have you all been well. yes, thanks to your help. and i spy an unfamiliar face. hello, it's very nice to meet you sir. this is mr... lee jongsuk... he may be young, but he's quite talented. oh, i see... it's an honor, mr... i actually invited you here today to consult something with you gentlemen. we're all ears. but we can get to the details after the tea. i'd love to see your writings now that you're here. such mastery of the brush. these characters seem more like the roar of a general reigning over his troops than of a quiet scholar. are you thinking what i'm thinking. i am. looks like they're exchanging their opinions about something. may i suggest a quick restroom break before we proceed with the rest. that's a great idea... how about we share our writings again in 10 minutes. meanwhile, why don't you take a look at the collection of old books in the study here, mr... it's a most remarkable collection of the old masters. you really must take a look. the study is in that building over there. sure, i'll check it out. very good. you did that on purpose, didn't you... why. i'm just hoping i was wrong about something. like the old saying, "there is no door to the great path... that just means there's no one "answer" to what's right. ah, but some are lured by an alternative interpretation of the saying. i think he's trying to tell us something with that metaphor. the saying is often abused by the ambitious to justify their actions. let's just hope i'm getting worried over nothing... we've already taken too long. i'll explain more back inside. please excuse me for presuming, but aren't you rather young to decipher all that. i learned a bit of chinese. a bit... it'd take considerable erudition to peruse so quickly through these texts. may i serve you a cup of tea... i apologize for the modest setting, of course. you don't have to be so formal with me, sir. oh, i couldn't possibly... you're a guest of the young master. here, please try this tea. chrysanthemum tea,. it's a little bitter at first, but really fragrant at the end. it even leaves a sweet lingering note if you have it after spending a great deal of energy thinking. the young masters are rather engaged in their discussions. is something troubling you, sir. oh, just the musings of an old man. it's better for your health to put your mind at ease. alas, if such common knowledge were only as easily achieved as it can be said... the mind can be a most fickle thing, i'm afraid. may i take your pulse for a moment. ah, are you knowledgeable in eastern medicine. lot of pent up angst in you... is something troubling you. first the classic chinese, and now this pulse reading... i see that you're no ordinary young man. oh, you're far too flattering. worrying brings angst, and angst brings illness. you're only too right. felt more at peace fighting for our nation's independence against the japanese empire. you were part of the independence movement. may i invite you to my abode... it seems like the masters' discussion is growing rather lengthy. i'd be honored. and where is this. it's the former sarangbang of cheong seowon... the gentleman's study room. please, go on. it's now used as a guest room every now and then. it must be tough living here by yourself. do you have any children. i do, but we no longer live together. it's been so long since i've brought this out. i had these clothes on. while i was in prison. free at last. long live korea. we celebrate independence. we regain our freedom. free at last... hooray for korea. s, so. you were in these on august 15th, liberation day. yes... that's right. truly a piece of korean history. may i. of course. traces of horrific torture. but he finds the challenges he face today greater adversity than that. oh... what's this. oh... it's nothing. ah, i see. these writings. just random scribbling. the strokes exude power yet they flow fluidly. they move me. glad my years of dedication paid off. no set path to greatness. there's something unique about this. by any chance, are these words related to some of your latest concerns. i think we should get going. master, may i ask for a little memento. do you write. i picked it up as i'm usually surrounded by elders. majestic... like a grand mountain. how can one not respect such a master. anything in particular you have in mind. something from your favorite writings. from my favorites. steadfast dedication can move mountains. even a fool can move a mountain. in other words: steadfast dedication bears fruit without fail. master, may i ask you to sign off on it as well. my name. hwang myung in. this is a priceless gift. i'm flattered to hear that. may i return the favor. by all means. something you'd like to tell me. forgive my bluntness... i may be young, but somehow i felt anxiety from your writing as if something shook you up badly. oh my... how embarrassing. i believe there should be no hesitation in travelling the right path. you are unsure about that path... that worries you... so i present to you this. the appropriate way. i maybe too young to tell the difference between taking the right action and the necessary action. but you are older and wiser... you must know the difference. how about following your heart sometimes. following what the heart feels. following what the heart wants. so you're saying. we should sell cheongseowon. no, not sell... transfer. either way it means handing it over to someone else. cheongseowon is a place that keeps the tradition of korean calligraphy alive... it is an historic site that retains the spirit of the seonbi scholars. i agree, it's a priceless historic treasure... we can't simply move or transfer it. i understand and agree wholeheartedly... but for a place of great tradition to exist, there must also be new generations coming to learn the traditional arts. do you know how many visit the place a year. barely 2,000. 2,000 is a lot. most are children taking part in short experience programs... serious students eager to learn calligraphy only make up around 100. is the situation that dire. unlike today when writing is done using computers, there was a time when people used typewriters or had documents written by hand. that's why many students flocked to cheongseowon to learn about writing through calligraphy classes. nothing lasts forever. still, i'm not sure about a transfer. may i speak first. perhaps moon jae cheol can offer a different perspective... surely running a major hospital requires more than just medical expertise. i'm guessing you brought up this subject because you need our help. you are right. i assume you have a plan in mind... do share it with us. are you in favor of selling cheongseowon. it is a sensible option... without people coming in to learn, this place is only a useless vessel to store tradition and knowledge. how could you say that. watch what you're saying. the basics of business is to reach out to customers when there are no more customers. how can you compare tradition and academics to business. everything is business. tradition and history can't pay the bills. soo am. settle down... let's listen to all the master has to say before we begin discussions. please go on and tell us your plan... it's the only way we'd agree with it and support you. i plan to buy a plot of land in gangbuk and move cheongseowon there. even if it's outside the capital, land is expensive... and to find an area befitting of cheongseowon's reputation would cost money as well. how do you intend to raise such a massive fund. i intend to sell the land and building i own. surely you don't mean this land and this building. this place included. that's ridiculous. it's true cheongseowon feels distant from modern times... we did ponder about what could be done to update it. why couldn't he have asked us to open a new branch instead. if your mind's already made up, then. no set path to greatness... do you mean to do whatever it takes. the way you see fit. the master of cheongseowon must do what's best for it. as the master, shouldn't you have been more responsible and talked to us before reaching this radical decision. we are here because we respect and honor cheongseowon and its spirit, rich history, and tradition... we are not here to blindly follow your lead. i second that. but this land and building is not cheongseowon is the people who gather here to study calligraphy and the arts that are dedicated to keeping the craft alive. sounds like the excuses the elders would've given while fleeing the capital when there was an invasion. perhaps we shouldn't have come in the first place today. but we must do something. even the writings reeks of pessimism... how can we work to save cheongseowon when clearly the master has given up on it. before master does the unthinkable, i must do something to stop him. please stay for dinner... let's not leave on a sour note. there's too much on my mind... i've lost my appetite. it's a shame... i'm sorry we have to skip dinner this time. perhaps next time. you are certain about the transfer of cheongseowon. are you really fine leaving this land and destroying this building. what is the real reason. actually. last year, some resort company approached me with the idea of purchasing this land and property. i hope you don't mean to turn cheongseowon into a resort. the idea was to preserve as much of the original structure as possible. what is this. hold it. calm down. this time he's gone too far. you're turning this historic place into a joke. so this is why the master looked so glum. so cheongseowon is being sold. i'm afraid so. what could you possibly gain by doing that. i understand the need for change, but the approach is all wrong. i'm thinking of buying cheongseowon. the master wants to move to seoul, so we'll let him do that, but i want to make sure cheongseowon stays. i understand where you're coming from,. but it will cost a fortune to keep the place running. where there's a will, there's a way... i'm sure i won't be alone. sounds like you're hoping you're not alone. not really... if it turns out i'm the only one that cares about cheongseowon, i will do it alone. i guess i better chip in to show i care. i'm sure there are ways to work it out together. if you're going to do this, why not go all in. what would you recommend... getting more people involved. precisely. how do we do that. i'm sure there are other academies and institutions that share the same root as cheongseowon. aha, you mean to get outsiders involved. hardly outsiders... they would be just as dedicated as us to the craft... so i'm sure they feel the same way about losing cheongseowon... perhaps they should be given a chance to play a bigger role. giving them a chance to help... interesting. it's true that cheongseowon isn't generating revenue... rather it costs money to upkeep it. while most would feel burdened by the weight of responsibility, he sees opportunity for others to shine. another humbling moment... he is so wise. so, let's start making calls now. i'll contact congressman heo. hi, it's me. hello... yeah hi, it's been a while. this is won seung hwan... i have a proposition for you. my dear friend... how have you been. but this is only a temporary measure... we must find a long term solution before bigger challenges arise. what kind of challenges. at first they will feel obligated, and will feel a sense of fulfillment in helping to preserve an iconic facility. but it does cost money... and in time the supporters won't be able to keep it up. as you said, their charity won't last forever. cheongseowon needs to be self sustained. but how. that is what we have to put our heads together for. cheongseowon... a place rich in history that preserves traditional calligraphy... how do we preserve it. a rescue mission... how do we save this place that keeps a dying tradition alive. away from that meeting with those who care deeply about cheongseowon,. 2020 entertainment awards. jongsuk lee. best couple award. at the award ceremony, in gook and i won the the assistant director gave us these since it's packed outside. ah... thanks. what's this flaky stuff... come on. just because we won the best couple award, doesn't mean you should care so much. during the school break, i'm planning to travel to china by myself. the city can be quite dangerous to travel alone. china. this way up. what's that doing there. if you see anything on the streets, especially if they seem somewhat valuable, don't ever go near it. it could be dangerous. normally people pick up things like that... be it empty cans or bottles. just a red high heel left behind. what... could it be kidnappers. it could've been someone trying to break free from captors, or it could be a bait used by kidnappers. i see that's a plausible scenario. the tour guide didn't give the specifics... see how scary it can get... so be careful. where do you plan to visit. wudang mountain and also sichuan. well those parts are okay... they're like korea in the 70s... people are warm and welcoming, not like the city. is that so... that's a relief. yo. refreshing to see you guys both dolled up like this... you look great... would the two winners like to get out and party. the best couple award made me sick... i've gotta go. we need you right now. oh, my. alright... you take care now. good job man... i'll see you after the break. you too... have a safe trip. men's room. chef lee. wh... you're. bin kim. he's a respected and famous actor. oh... i'm so relieved that you know me. who wouldn't recognize a superstar like you... my girlfriend is a huge fan... may i ask for an autograph. certainly, but may i ask you for a favor in return. i came here for one purpose... to meet you. the secret ingredient is memories... remember these words. yes, i said those words before at a restaurant. could you help recreate the kimchi stew in my memory... i can't figure out how it was made. may i ask who used to make it for you. that's a difficult question for me to answer. perhaps an old flame... better not ask that question again. when did you last have it. around 5 years ago... before i became famous. while i was a struggling stage actor. my roommate used to make the kimchi stew for me. usually to help relieve hangover. i still remember the taste vividly. i miss it so much... i tried so many popular restaurants to find a similar kimchi stew. but nothing came close to it. any idea what the key ingredients are. sometimes canned tuna, sometimes tofu. can you describe what it tasted like. it had a deep and rich flavor... it did wonders in calming my upset stomach. did it taste similar to army stew. is it possible to ask that roommate to try and make it again. well... we had a bad falling out. i'm going to have to sit on it for a while... can i have your number contact you later. oh, yes... here's my direct line... i look forward to hearing from you... i'm sorry, i have to get to the award ceremony. an unknown, struggling actor... what would be the best hangover relief for someone like that. gi young in (writer). oh, hi... how have you been. thanks to the success of the last empress i've been getting some solid offers... but i'm still broke. wouldn't those solid offers come with fat paychecks. we're talking low budget stage productions... slim pickings... come cook something for me. i'm curious... what do most of your fellow starving artists have for hangover relief. what can we do man... we're strapped for cash, so we just eat leftover side dishes from the previous night's drinking session. leftovers from drinking. you know, dirt cheap stuff you can get at any supermarkets like ramyeon, tofu, canned tuna, spam. a week later. i wanted to serve you the best jajangmyeon i know. this must be a special place. scenes of "tell me you love me" were filmed here... when the star of the show, bin kim shot to fame, this place became a hot spot. i hear you've bought cheongseowon. yes, we changed it to a corporation named "traditional korean calligraphy center... it's a good start... but the true challenge lies in the next steps. i know... that's my biggest headache right now. this was a tiny run of the mill chinese restaurant once... but bin kim's stardom dramatically changed it. ah, that's why you brought me here. perhaps kim bin can have the same effect on cheongseowon in attracting foreign visitors. ride the korean wave and create fun calligraphy lessons or tea sampling sessions. selling traditional calligraphy tools as souvenirs could help boost revenue as well. interesting. but how can we contact a star of that caliber to help us. allow me. bin, hi. oh, jongsuk. the dish he misses is a random blend of affordable ingredients... so let's have him sample some candidates. do you have time to grab a drink. today... i'm almost done with a photo shoot... how's yeoksam station. let's do it at your place. my place... there's nothing to eat here. that's what i'm here for... i'll cook something up... see you there. did he just make a phone call to bin kim. it couldn't be that bin kim... must be someone with the same name. let's shop for some of the stuff you used to have frequently 5 years ago. 5 years ago. the usual... ramyeon, spam, canned tuna, makgeolli. this is my manager. kept the heat on while they were outside... money is obviously no concern for him. newspaper... talk about preparation. let's recreate the time from 5 years back. ergh... brings back memories. i don't know about this. indulge me... how often will we get to do something like this again. makgeolli should be drunk on tin bowls. yeah, crumpled tin bowl. it's getting hot in here. jongsuk... join me. be a team player man... this is how we roll. wow... you're built... must be all the martial arts training. told you i'm a big fan of 119... never missed an episode. i was wondering... you must really hate the cold. yes... very much. i had to live in a tiny room with no heating when i was struggling to make ends meet, so i swore to myself. when i breakout and rake in the dough, i'm going to turn up the heat to the max in winter. didn't think we drank that much. should i go and buy some more. no need... we can improvise. mix the soju into the remaining makgeolli. oh yeah... when i was dead broke, i used to love this "so mak... this is the best one we've had today. yeah, that's good. he likes oily food. most of the times he has a strict diet regimen of greens and chicken breast. when he in fact loves fatty food. let's see, something that's good for hangover. first, remove everything but the soup from yesterday's ramyeon. add leftover stir fried kimchi, tofu and oil to the pot. even the core bits of the kimchi are added, along with. every last drop of the leftover canned tuna,. and let it boil. wow... it's good. well duh... can't go wrong with leftover ramyeon soup as the main ingredient. if you ignore the ingredients, this tastes like a legit dish. aww, boy do i have a hangover. let's remedy that. what have you prepared. that smell... it can't be. i don't know if its an exact replica of that dish you remember, but give it a try. yes... this is it. is it close. wow... now i know why you craved it so badly. this is exactly the dish i had as a hangover relief during hard times... thank you so much. it's spicy and really relieves an upset stomach. this is exactly the taste i remember. but what's with the kimchi core. oh what privileged life you must've led. when you're living alone, you run out of kimchi all the time... so even the core is good enough to make kimchi stew. ah. is that why you used the core... to evoke nostalgia. so... how do you make it... tell me. some memories are best left untouched. well, you really don't want to know the details. a few weeks later. bin kim repaid the favor by making an appearance in an episode of rescue 119. our producer agreed to dedicate an episode to cover what cheongseowon has to offer including calligraphy class and culinary lessons. masters kim and hwang made an appearance on 119 and introduced some rare traditional foods. the foreign influencers that took part this day. utilized their blogs and metube channels to spread the word. they shared in details how they fell in love with the korean culture they experienced. cheongseowon was saved, all thanks to timely assistance from close friends. wow... this is beautiful... thank you for letting me know about this wonderful place. i've never seen hanok this beautiful... i hear they teach calligraphy... great to see it in the flesh. wow... the perfect place to visit in spring... definitely going there with my boyfriend... lovely pics... thank you. and just like that cheongseowon. became a tourist hot spot for visitors from across the globe. international airport. ladies and gentlemen, boarding is open for hanna airlines flight 502. please head to your gate to begin boarding. boarding now begins for hanna airlines 402 to china. all passengers please begin boarding. i finally wrapped up filming 119,. and now, to find the source of the book of knowledge. i fly to china. wudang mountain. a lot has changed... it's not exactly the way i remember it. still wudang mountain remains the same for over 500 years. one step at a time... i'll get to the point i remember from my last visit. arrgh... help. what happened. it was a wild boar. that's a deep wound. wait... no... i didn't pack my acupuncture needles. first let's wash the wound. my baby... no. what happened... you're hurt so bad. who are you. oh, i'm jongsuk lee from south korea... i study korean traditional medicine. so you're a doctor... can you help us. i think there's a herb i can use that grows in this mountain... can you help me find it. we'll try. please hurry. doctor... please save my grandson... the poor lad grew up without his parents. with my current level, i'm not sure how effective it will be, but i must harness the power of the wind. wind. may i. how is this possible. what wizardry is this. please stand back... i'll need to focus. how're you feeling. doctor. i heard a wild boar attacked you. i was trying to pluck some greens, and suddenly. i can't breathe properly. you'll feel that way for now... but soon something will rise and you'll feel the urge to throw it up... when you feel it, don't resist. he's coughing blood. my baby... why. good... now how do you feel... a bit easier to breathe. the next step is healing the deep wound. there are some parts with extravasated blood and clogged gi, but no damage to internal organs. here are the herbs you asked for. please hand them over. is it all done. just the finishing touches... please pass me my bag. there... all done. how is he now. wait and observe his progress... but the worst has passed. thank you so much. you're a god sent... thank you. i'm actually looking for a place to spend the night... could you help me out. doctor... i'm the village chief... i invite you to stay with us. i'll carry the kid... follow me. let's get going. to the village of yujin where the book of knowledge was found. this is. the town library. it's where we keep the books the scholars of the village used to study a long time ago. over 500 years old and yet they're in good condition. is it okay if i read a few. of course... these are the journals kept by my predecessors. take your time... we'll see you in a bit. the village was under attack... i saw master yujin fighting men in masks. who sent you. charge. get ready to evacuate the premise. as you command. mudang clan has been ambushed. disappear... sounds like a fantasy martial arts novel. among the experience i gained, was there an instance when i fought the mudang clan. yes... you've mastered the i wasn't too sure... but now i know... master yujin is the owner of the book of experience. i want to learn more about master yujin. thats possible. master yujin gained experience while fighting japanese invaders. he fought off a massive army of japanese invaders that attacked the village. and faced their leader. master yujin tore up his armor and body into bits. but the book of experience stored in his chest remained unscathed. yujin was in his 50s and was reaching the peak of his academic and martial arts skills. while he came to possess the book of knowledge, he didn't tap into its potential. because he firmly believed that knowledge gained without experience and effort do not belong to him. details about the book of knowledge cannot be shown to the user. the former user's name, the route in which he or she came to possess the book cannot be revealed immediately. master yoon got it from a japanese soldier, so perhaps i should visit japan. was paul the missionary the owner of the book before master yujin. what about the possibility of there being more than just one book of knowledge. what do i do next. i brewed enough herbal medicine to cure the injured village boy... i learned about master yujin's experience... but that's all i've accomplished. is there a doctor or nurse among the passengers. we need your help... it's a medical emergency. anyone. we need help. i erm. are you a doctor. i'm not a doctor... but i am a student of korean traditional medicine... perhaps i can be of assistance... where is the patient. his esophagus is clogged... can you get me a plastic bottle and a knife. i'll find them. looks like you have your doctor. yes... we're very fortunate... i think you can go back to your seat now. that's okay... perhaps i can provide some assistance. first class meals are different. more servings are provided upon request. is he trying to create an opening by making a cut. wait... this is. move aside... now. move aside right now. who are you supposed to be. never mind that... can't you see he can't breathe... he could die of asphyxiation. no, i'm a korean traditional medicine student... focus on the patient... the patient. his esophagus is blocked. step aside... you're not qualified to handle this situation. in this situation we must make an incision and put in. he's so much stronger than he looks. yikess. there's still some left to throw up. how much has he been eating. yes... but what's going on. what is your area of expertise. dermatology. but that's not important right now. you... a medical student... carrying out such medical procedures... is this even legal. carrying out emergency procedures to save a life is protected under the good samaritan law. you think you can weasel your way out. and i did not carry out any medical procedures... i merely massaged the pressure points... right. that's... true. you're not getting away with this... we should make a police report. file a report about me tapping your back to help you throw up. are you kidding... of course not... you saved my life. he may be offended... but oh well. i'll return to my seat now. thank you... that was amazing. i'm a a big fan of rescue 119. oh, hi... how are you feeling now. i heard it was a pretty dangerous situation... thank you so much. perhaps you should refrain from consuming too much food during flight. it's a bad habit... i'm so busy that i try to eat as much as i can when i get the chance. sir. will you have time for lunch tomorrow. lunch. i'd like to thank you for saving my life... please contact my secretary and leave your number. daesan investment. yangwoo jin, ceo. sure... will do. a ceo... is this a chinese firm. choi, would you give this young man a ride. of course sir. jongsuk lee, the chef, right... i heard you are studying medicine, but didn't know you were this good... saving lives up in the air. he had an upset stomach... i really didn't do much. the man you saved is the ceo of daesan investment... have you heard of mr... jin. no, not really. he runs the biggest investment firm in china. arguably a top 50 among the richest ceos in the world. why would someone like that travel alone. he's never alone... there are usually around a dozen stealthy bodyguards with him. where were they during that moment of crisis. they were strictly adhering to mr... jin's orders. he believes in fate... that even in a life or death situation, most natural circumstances should be left to run their course. then why does he need bodyguards. they are to protect him from unnatural incidents like kidnapping or assault. one time, a group of armed gangsters attacked mr... jin in italy. his bodyguards appeared from the shadows. but they were reportedly unarmed. massive amount of funds move through daesan investment. the firm's every move make waves and there are tremendous transfers of wealth and power. investment decisions are made by mr... jin who appears to have the midas touch. naturally he's a target for many powerful people. jin has another unique rule. guanxi is an important part of chinese corporate culture... mr... jin refuses to do business with people who are oblivious to guanxi. and you are telling me all this because i helped save his life. i'm just hoping you would put in a good word for our company if by any chance he asks about it. oh, i thought you were his aide... my mistake. i'm jaekyung choi... i work for the planning department of samwoo group. samwoo... south korea's biggest global conglomerate. samwoo. experience of saving lives acquired... experience level 100 gained. so now saving lives only grants 100 experience points. oh well, it's not like i did it to gain points. unsongjeong, the following afternoon. jin asked me to recommend a restaurant, so i chose unsongjeong. it's hard to book a table here, but i heard the ceo of samwoo made a call to ask for a personal favor. allow me to introduce to you head chef bongnam kim who keeps important korean culinary traditions alive. they say you've never tasted true korean food unless you dine at unsongjeong during your visit to korea. that's a bit of an exaggeration... we hope you get to truly experience korean food and culture during your stay. a little sad there's no meat dish... but they're delicious. oh, it's necessary to soothe your upset stomach. i'm sensing something's bugging you. actually, i just invested in an american cellphone company. but the u... s... president suddenly ordered local firms to stop outsourcing and built factories in the states instead. i see... i'm sure the labor costs were lower with factories in china, so this really changes things. i'd consider withdrawing my investments, but that will destroy the company... so. what if you purchase a factory. i may know a thing or two about investing, but i know nothing about manufacturing. let me tell you a story. once upon a time, there were 3 standout individuals in a village: lee, oh, and jo. jo. lee owns a huge chunk of jade. jo is great at cutting and carving jade, but owned no jade. but the two never got along, so they never worked together. oh got a loan from jo and bought the jade from lee. he took the jade to jo and have him carve it well, then sold it at a higher price. oh reaped the biggest benefits, when all he did was utilize what lee and jo have. so you want me to be oh... but who would be my jo. samwoo group... they are one of the world's best cellphone makers. oh, and please stop addressing me as sir... call me big brother. big brother. there will come times when you face difficult obstacles in life... seek my assistance without hesitation... we are now brothers. 24 7 i'm ready to answer your call. will do... thank you. some time passed,. and i was done with my sophomore year... more demanding activities were lined up. school curriculum focused more on herbal medicine, physiology, pathology among others. are you sure you know what your'e doing. well, yeah... i. i don't think so... you know how important my ankle is... you have no idea. that's pretty rude... especially coming from someone so young. taekwondo national team star. she had to drop out of an important international tournament due to her ankle injury. so that's why she's so frustrated... when is the competition. a month from now. not gonna happen... it'll take at least 4 weeks to heal. her friends were saying she would definitely win a medal if she could compete. evening at the rooftop. woori clinic. you were right... it does feel like a picnic up here. told you're so busy i can't take you out... so we have to make do... this is good enough. but you've brought too much food. oh, the superstar. hey there... join us if you're hungry. we've got a beautiful hue in the sky... think of it as a picnic... join us. oh... okay... thank you. you must be an athlete... i'm sorry about your injury. i used to be a nurse. i can tell by your physique... i understand what you're going through. eat up and rest well... that's the best way to heal fast... there will be other competitions. thank you... for the food and the encouragement. you like her. she's lovely... but i feel bad for her... must be going through hell, having hopes of reaping the fruits of labor dashed this time. 4 weeks... maybe i can change that. how's the ankle. getting better. i'm sorry to bring you bad news, but songhwa yun will take your place this time. i see... should i empty my locker and move out of the training facility. stick up for you... how it is. this isn't much... but i hope it helps. you shouldn't have... thank you. hello, i'm jongsuk lee... i've been attending to hyunhui jang's injury. ah, hello. she was initially diagnosed to require at least 4 weeks of treatment, but she's recovering fast. if she can heal within a week. can she retake her spot in the competition. i mean, that depends on her recovery and rehab. certainly something we'd like to review... if she can come back strong, she can return to the training center. medicine room. hyunhui's ankle has a hairline fracture. massaging the wound with this mixture should help. this special remedy is potent enough to help heal even shattered bones. it's the least we can do to help an athlete that represents the country. not picking up still... maybe he's asleep. i gotta go. if that's a good idea... rookies need to be careful. i better enjoy the perks of being a relative unknown... won't be able to once i make it. hi, i'm here to see mr... jongsuk lee... where can i find him. oh, i saw him taking the elevator to the rooftop. it's a special medication designed to help heal broken bones... you only have a hairline fracture so this should be very effective. sorry... i... just felt ticklish. what are they doing all alone up here. at this hour. so this is what kept you from answering my calls. this sucks. let's hear what he has to say about this situation. i've been quite a jerk recently, so i'm surprised you're still so eager to help me. my grandma likes you and wants me to help you. plus, we need you to keep competing for gold for korea. oh, i'll make sure i do just that. erm... your phone keeps buzzing. hey sumi... what made you call this late. i felt like calling this late... but what are you up to at this late hour. please don't give me bullshit answers... i don't want a cheater. oh, i'm at the rooftop of the clinic with a patient. so it wasn't what it looked like. oh... are you in the vicinity... how did you make time. oh... i was filming something nearby. great... should we grab something to eat. oh, yeah. girlfriend. yes... i think we'll wrap up therapy for today. alright... i'm off. wow... what's the rush. ah, well, i'll explain later. hey... where are you going again. it's been so long... i was hoping to take you someplace nice. what matters is we're together and having a meal... doesn't matter how fancy the restaurant is. i'm so sorry i suspected you were cheating. you seem to be slimming down quite a bit every time i see you... i know it's part of the job but it's a bit concerning. yeah... i had to for a new part i auditioned for. i got the part in "action jeong". oh... the one starring jungjin oh. yeah, he was one of the judges at the audition... kept giving me the nod. wow... so you've got a chunky part. yeap... soon i'll be a superstar... worship the ground i walk upon. your wish is my command. there's not much time left until hyunhui's competition... i need to gain healing experience from the book. seeing the mad doctor again is a frightful experience, but a necessary step. he's the best at what he does, but so unstable. the virus has spread to osan... i will find the cause and put an end to the pandemic. many glorify me as a savior sent by the heavens... but there's a reason why i'm charging into osan. i care not for whatever grand title or nickname the world gives me. how long i've waited for a pandemic like this. so disappointing when i find only corpses. thankfully in osan, i found an infected patient that hasn't died yet. go in and do what you can to try and heal him. but sir, what if we contract the virus. it's too dangerous. if you aspire to be a doctor, fear the patient. what good is it if you die in the process. don't you know who i am... i will cure you if you're infected... so trust me and get in there. okay... we'll do as you command. quarantine day 1. two days later. i must observe how long it takes for them to spread the virus. master. any progress. master... i think the patient is beyond treatment... instead, i fear i've been infected. me too... will this be fatal. at last they're infected. don't be silly... i'm here, so there's nothing to fear... when did you first realize you're infected. i think it was from day 2. those with medical expertise are better at describing their condition than most ordinary people. what were your initial symptoms. it started with some light fever, then my temperature continued to rise... it spread from the neck. good... keep reporting these details to me one by one. master, wait. aren't you going to do something to treat us. silence... be patient... treatment can only begin after a certain period of time has passed and the conditions worsen. there's a chance of relapse if we rush to treat it now. 10 days later. i studied the disease at the cost of my pupils' lives. but in the end, found no cure. 5,000 korean traditional medicine experience points gained. pulse diagnosis skill improved. acupuncture skill improved. herbal medicine brewing skill improved. again, i'm reminded of how creepy and scary this mad doctor can get. 10,000 experience points gained... the writer that gains the medical experience can be changed. what the... but i didn't gain all the medical experience of the writer... why. the choice is yours. so it's optional... there is no need to change the writer. yes... that is correct. if i continue to choose the current medical writer, then what happens. to gain the experience usage is raised by 100 percent. new physical abilities can be unlocked. a new ability. the former writer can join the current one's body to utilize the experience. so the mad doctor becomes one with me and i can use his skills. if that's possible, i should be able to treat so many more patients suffering from all kinds of conditions. keep focusing on the former writer and i will use the newly gained ability. the writer before is fixed... new ability gained. how do i use it. tear up a page of the book and write the experience in which you wish to utilize the new ability. a few days later. i'm on my way. how's sumi. wow, i'm fine, thanks for asking... man, one track mind. you know her... full of energy and everyone loves working with her. what about the action scenes. the stunt team is blown away... but the lead actress hates her. petty jealousy of course... she's did zero preparations for the action scenes, so sumi makes her look bad. she's some piece of work... some people should grow up. i'm almost there... see you in a bit. you're here. and sumi is. over there. wow... she looks amazing. pretend not to know her... you know the drill. of course... she worked hard to get here... we don't want her on the gossip columns because of me. that's the nature of the beast... the last time the media found out about my girlfriend, it cost me a couple of commercials. let me introduce you to jongsuk lee from rescue 119. don't mind me... i'm just here as a fan, cheering on jungjin. oh i love that culinary show. i've made some riceballs... please have some. oh boy... would i... i can't wait to try the chef's special... everyone, let's take 5. so that's jisun lee, the superstar who hates sumi with passion. care to try one. we're working here... no eating and drinking during filming... isn't that common sense. oh, my apologies. the legends were true... she's some piece of work. a break... stop wasting time... some of us are busy. i have a photo shoot to go to immediately after this... can we please stick to the schedule. man... she thinks she runs the show. okay, everyone... let's get back to work. action. wow, sumi is amazing... that's what it takes to be a pro. cut... hold everything. pungho, are you okay. what the hell. cut it out. but this is going too far. why weren't you following the planned choreography. i was trying to... accidents happen... i didn't hit that hard. that's it... hey... who do you think you are. i said cut it out. you listen here. no, i can't take it any more. may i take a look. his wrist is completely fractured. please give me some bandages and splints... hurry up. a splint is a piece of medical equipment used to keep an injured body part from moving. please be patient~. painful, but don't worry since the wound is not that big~. if you go to the hospital and treat it, i think you can come out after about 3 to 4 weeks. th, that's too long. i will pay for the treatment. haah... don't you think that you have to apologize first. it's normal to get injured due to a mismatch in action, right. you can't even do something so simple such as apologizing. whaat... it's was mistake... that's asking too much for a little injury. jisun, we're suppose punch our fists and you're suppose to punch them, not the wrists. that's why i told you that i made a mistake. you're saying it's a mistake to put your weight on, enough to get the bones out. i can't shoot anymore... i'm not sure if i'm a good fit for this martial arts team. are you talking sh*t about us... where are you going. will you let me go... or should i call the police. stop... let's treat the injured person first. we'll begin shooting again. who's going to do the shoot again... i can't. ha... th... she's really. director, i'll go and try to talk to her. lee ji sun come out. come out. come out and talk to me. we're actors... why are you even going to work like this. because you didn't do it right~. what's the point of doing well or wrong on this set... skills are more important. hey... did you lose your mind... popularity is just like a bubble... it could explode anytime. i don't know why you're going this far for me... but don't mind me and just go back. we're both actors, i'm your senior... are you really not sure why i'm doing this. yes... i don't know... i only feel worse... i want to stop it today~. ji sun... why are you being so stubborn. hyung, are you okay. no it's not okay~. aack... she's a bitch. yeah, she's a bad b*. it's the first time i hear you swear. if you injured a person, you must apologize no matter the situation. there are times when actors' pride gets over their heads. lee ji sun wasn't that bad at first either... she slowly changed when her popularity shot up. referring to someone with so much ego just because he out of she is popular. jongseok. fortunately, poongho said that the first aid treatment was helpful, so the treatment is going well... thank you jongseok. ossification or osteogenesis. and if you're worried, send him to the clinic... they're good at bone laying. if the filming is delayed for a day or two, the financial damage will be enormous. and it's hard to get a pinch hitter since we have to start right away,. should... i give it a try. try what. it's okay, jonseok is actually good at martial arts~. i've memorized the moves of the masked men fighting with lee sumi. then, can you try fighting with me. sure~. woow... you're good... even better than my kids. this one is good at anything~. he meant the masked men. ji sun... i understand that you're upset, but what if the main character doesn't cooperate with you anymore. you all think that i'm a bitch right. jongseok will run as a pinch hitter instead of poongho, so ji sun, give it a little. lee jongseok... the 119 rescue squad chef. he's not only good at cooking but also good at martial arts. i saw him fighting with the martial arts director... he was pretty good. i almost gave up with sumi... but thanks to jongseok, sumi's action scenes became better~. who's action scene got better... sumi. let's get back to work. i wouldn't want to ruin the movie. nothing like fanning jealousy to motivate these divas. my my... aren't you a pretty little thing. how do i look. like a masked extra that blends in with the rest... but why. i'm filling in for one of your extras. covering for pungho... than you should be facing jisun instead of me. i only know the blockings against you, so i asked for the switch. how do you know that choreography. because i've been watching you in action all this while. all this while. yeah... can't take my off you... that's what i do. let's try something a little different. this is you, this is me... instead of a single attack, let's have multiple strikes. you want me to attack several times at one go... how. first i'll strike with my sword, so you dodge. then aim for my stomach. turn and slice my belly. turn again, this time slicing my back, all in continuous motion. basically, you're spinning like a top. it looks cool... but i'm not sure if i'm skilled enough to pull it off. all you need to do is follow my direction to spin and slice. impressive... if you can deliver as planned, it will be quite the action sequence. erm, will it be okay if we make these adjustments. changes made to make a scene more exciting is always welcome... the director would appreciate that. got the nod... let's do it... you game. yeah... lead on. 1 hour later. ready. upward motion, aim for my belly now. all i did was follow his lead and act accordingly. he's quite the maestro... leading me with such precision. cut... very good. trying to upstage me. yeah... sumi that was amazing... highlight reel. you guys have a history. you work nicely in tandem... there's a sense of intimacy. oh, we're school buddies... it's been a while since we last met. tmi... i wonder why. it sounds like there's more to you two than "buddies... normally one should be quite nervous in front of a camera, but you're so composed, and you have the time to help her with the blockings. oh, i'm quite used to being in front of a camera, what with hosting my own show for years. there it is... i still sense something more. let's call it a day... how about some pork belly roast and soju... jongsuk, join us. are you coming. as i told you before, i don't eat or drink during filming. i see... well, excuse me. our town bbq. sumi... that fight scene was amazing. most actresses don't join the team for meals like this... and even if they do attend, they just sip water and keep to themselves... but not you, sumi. i love working with her... i respect how she wants to do all those dangerous stunts herself. you're too kind... i look forward to doing more. sumi... they love you. isn't that. that's clearly jisun lee. why is she hiding. sumi's action scenes are fantastic... can't say the same for jisun though. after pungho's injury, the team working with jisun for actions scenes are fearful they might get hurt too. she wasn't like this before... she was such a delight to work with. i don't know what's wrong with her. she is one of the few female action stars in korea... fame got to her head. something must be done... we can't work like this. we have to wrap filming on time... so how about we give some of jisun's scenes to sumi. well that's one option. i mean that could work if mr... lee has time to keep working with sumi. not your first rodeo wow... this is what it takes to survive as a major director. lee, could you make time for us. pardon... oh. i mean you guys go way back... so what are friends for. yeah jongsuk, do us a solid. my 119 schedule is pretty packed, but it does involve jungjin, so i'll try to make some adjustments. alright... welcome to the team. that's wonderful. now i know for certain. now... when to use this against them. the following afternoon. amazing reflexes jongsuk... you're a natural... a fast learner. the blockings were quite short and simple. speak for yourself... you better not try and take all our jobs. good to be close to sumi. my lady, shall we dance one more time. if you insist. let's try unarmed combat sequences. you can teach me that too... cool. when you see my fist coming, dodge... turn your face the opposite direction. so i must watch which direction the punch is going. like this. that's it... my girl sumi's a natural. appreciate the compliment... but careful with the adjective... my girl. what do you think you're doing. the best kind of dates are done in the shadows. someone might see. from a distance, it can only appear like we're rehearsing. get a room, you two. i'm starving... i've skipped dinner... i need breakfast. oh, well... i thought you normally don't. eating or skipping is my choice... being prepared is your job. oh, i'm so sorry. oh, just a reminder... you've got a commercial shoot at 7... hongdae area. our vp worked hard to land that gig, so we're reminded to. what the hell... i'm already pissed that a portion of my scenes were stolen by that skank, and now i'm supposed to waste that time filming commercials. yeah... i know... what were they thinking. hey, i don't run the show, go talk to the higher ups yourself. and... at 11pm we must go to sinsadong. i'm sick of being pushed around... they're trying to make up for losses incurred when i lost some scenes in this movie by pushing me to do other work right away... who do they think they are. i'm just the messenger. ah, forget it. where are you going. you said you need to eat. i lost my appetite. eh hum... cough. am i invisible to you. no you're perfectly visible. but why do i feel like you two don't see me at all. did your agency teach you not to greet your seniors when you run into them. i'm sorry... it's just that you. get this through your head... don't let your ego inflate too much just because some directors and actors shower you with little compliments... you are expandable. i don't understand... why. you will soon. give me that. do me. i'm the star of this movie. stop wasting time on sumi... help make this a great movie by helping me. that sly little. unfortunately i have no scenes with you, ms... that's not true... that scene with sumi was supposed to be mine. but that has been changed now. not a problem... it would be super easy for me to take it back. so if i help you out, you will not make those changes. you have my word. alright, it's going to be unarmed combat, so drop the sword. are you sure you don't need to warm up. i'll be fine. i'm not a trained actor, so i'm concerned i might end up accidentally hitting too hard... will you be okay with that. no worries... you're working with korea's best action star. let's try this out. come at me. what the... how does she know the moves... only sumi and i would know the blockings. this could only mean... she's been watching us all this while. she's surprisingly good. this is a whole new side of her... i've never seen her this focused. this is beautiful... now this is a true professional. good job. compliment her, that's okay... handing a towel... no. bring me my script. oh, yes, ma'am. lee, can we try the ambush scene with me. the one in the reed forest. but you've already filmed this scene... why. think before your next words... this is when you walk away. it's just that you've got a commercial shoot to go to. well, it's just that you've got 2 commercials to shoot today, and i'm worried about you getting hurt. you doubt my skills. no, it's just that the scene involves you taking some hits... so. what kind of action star would be afraid of doing a scene... we get hurt all the time. lee, please go easy on her. oh, yes. ms... lee, can we talk. what's with this intimacy. that's right, you repeatedly said you don't even drink water during filming. to dehydrate, so i'll need to drink now. you're a hard person to read. but now she seems a bit more open to talk. the reed scene... i wasn't supposed to play a part there, so i'm unaware of the blockings. i know... can you ask mr... cha to help you get familiarized with it... you learn fast. i can do that... but why should i go through such lengths to help you. you and sumi... you're more than friends. your silence says it all. are you threatening me... using that fact as a bargaining chip. don't worry... i know what it's like to be a new comer in the industry... i wouldn't want to ruin her career. then. believe it or not, i'm thirsty for some real action scenes. just help me out with a few scenes... that's all i ask of you. what... she seemed so detached and uninterested in the action scenes. was it because she wanted action scenes with greater intensity. alright... i did watch the reeds scene before, so i may be able to try and reenact it. alright then... it's a deal. what's going on... why is she hitting on him. holy crap... what has gotten into her. i'm pulling my punches, but it may still hurt. no turning back now. bring the pain... anything to make the scene look great. oh well. growl. so, this intensity is acceptable. so much stress... this is unnatural. these are more than just action scenes... this is an outlet for pent up frustration. this was the only way for her. there's more to her than meets the eye. why's everyone gathered here. see for yourself. working on an action scene. wait... that's. they're pulling no punches. yeap... it appears to be the real deal. but why would jongsuk. i'll tell him to stop. it's fine... leave him. you know jisun's agency will throw a fit if she gets hurt, so why would you let this happen. why stop an action star from doing her job. wha. give me the script i gave sumi last night. this, and this... give back the action scenes from sumi to jisun. will do, sir. let off some steam. definitely looking better than when we first started. a real action scene... it blows away whatever that's weighing one down. how long have you known ms... a long time... i've known her since her debut in "maid... after working on the scenes, i have a whole new perspective of her. i thought she's changed over the years... but i was wrong... we changed. when she was starting out, she was so devoted to the action scenes... she'd even hide serious injuries to keep shooting. ah, such passion. but her agency kept pressuring people to make sure she doesn't get hurt. so that's when people changed when working with her on action scenes. well, the agency couldn't afford to have their biggest star out of commission due to injuries. now i understand why she asked for my help. that's what drove her nuts... phoned in action scenes. she's an eagle. an eagle. you lock up a majestic creature that needs to soar high above to hunt and ground it, making it feel suffocated. great work today man... really. nothing to it. did you hear... the director changed the script... the scenes sumi recently got are once again to be played by jisun. i really did it this time... i knew i shouldn't have helped. let's go... i'll fill you in on the details. i'm sorry about sumi losing those scenes. if i knew this would happen, i would've never helped her. but hey, look on the bright side... jisun's action scenes are phenomenal thanks to you... that will definitely sell tickets. gotta look at the bigger picture... better to have a smaller role in an explosive hit than to have a bigger role in a dud. come to think of it... that makes sense. 6 months later at the premiere. heroic jeong. hey... how have you been. long time. where's jungjin. the stars are waiting inside... let's go. at last. sumi's first full length feature. unlike the usual image of jeong dojeon, which is a revolutionary scholar that helped build joseon. heroic jeong portrays him as a man of many talent that sticks up for his fellow men. the action scenes featuring jisun and sumi really helped make the movie shine brighter. especially their dramatic ending. i came close to tears when their characters were killed by japanese invaders. wow... so this is what the end result looks like... impressive. you really shouldn't have. you deserve it... you played a pivotal part. this is just the beginning, sumi. heroic jeong continues on to top charts... 2.5 million in the first week... 6 million already surpassed. jisun lee's back... her action scenes blow away skeptics. jisun lee's return to the big screen is a huge success, largely thanks to the amazing action scenes in "heroic jeong... unlike past works where reviewers criticized lackluster performance, her latest outing displayed spellbinding action scenes reminiscent of her early years. jisun reportedly suffered a serious wrist injury during filming but soldiered on without telling anyone. that's not true... pungho fractured his wrist, not her. sumi's on tv. all dolled up... wow, i can barely recognize her... that's what it takes to be a celebrity i suppose. i mean, i knew she was pretty... but this is a whole new side of her. how are you handling your new found fame. nothing's changed... i'm hardly ever recognized in public. the action scenes were incredible... where did you train. you're not going mention my name, are you. you know, there are academies to learn these skills... also a lot of helpful videos online. that's amazing... now on to the most important question... are you seeing anyone. she wouldn't. is she going to. mention jongsuk. no, i'm single... i'm a rookie, and i need every second of the day to focus on work. as an actress, that's protocol. wanna talk it out over a drink. you're not using him as an excuse to get out and drink at this hour. it... this is an important time for her... it's only right that she keeps her personal life private. i get that... but i do feel a bit upset that you need to be kept in the shadows. celebrities, right... i bet they all pretend to be single. i think i'll go for a walk... don't wait up. busy today. get back to me soon. i should be happy for her... it's only right she's kept busy with the movie's success. but i do worry for her health. she's not home yet. who is. thank you for the ride. my pleasure... can't wait for our next project. thank you again... i won't let you down. i don't think you can... you're doing great. oops. ah... careful. i really should go. oh yes... definitely... you'll need your rest for tomorrow. heard you had a bus. could you please get back to me. sorry i'm late. guess you were busy. sumi... please be straight with me. don't let me down. still filming. just got home. did your manager drop you off. the ceo of the production company gave me a ride... i've had a bit to drink. that's my sumi... thank you for being you. did you watch today's interview... i'm sorry. no worries... i understand completely. sorry... and thank you. i'm sorry... for a second i had some suspicions. the following day at the station. look... it's a celebrity chef. hey there soldier... on leave. i'm just about done with my service. hey i saw heroic jeong... you're pretty good... oh, and sumi was amazing. hey hey... keep it down... this is where she works... don't want that cat outta the bag. i know how it works... don't worry man, i gotcha. i just have to dub some lines... hang on for a minute... dinner's on me. take your time superstar... i shall wait. yikes. good to empty the belly before a feast. hey did you see jongsuk lee just now. he he... my friend's a real celeb. did you hear that sumi. what about her. he's banging that chick. a writer from 119 leaked this info... that guy's got it made. sumi... she's super hot... man i wish i was him. she is oozing with sexuality. probably jumps in the sack easy... maybe even with you. shut the freak up you bastards... you have no idea what you're muttering. who the hell are you. don't you talk about my friend like that... watch your damn dirty mouths. the beep is wrong with this guy. you take back what you said about jongsuk and sumi. must be a friend of his. what... so what. what're you gonna do about it. back off. shoot... his nose. he's bleeding pretty bad. holy crap... we're so f ed up. let's get the hell outta here. damn... those beepers. i don't know what's going on, but you're still a soldier... i don't want you court martialled. dammit. let's just get out. the big roast. so tell me. what got into you just now. it's just that... those morons kept chirping. that got you that worked up... just tell me the gist of it. a rumor running at the station about you and sumi. it sure as hell ain't me... i'd guard your secret with my life... but. i think it could be one of the writers for your show... did sumi pay a visit there. but still, you didn't need to kick down a door over it. they were saying all this crap about you... of course i blow a fuse... if you heard what they said about sumi, you'd kick more than a door. if i heard someone talking dirty about sumi. i'd snap 'em like a twig. maybe this is a sign... how about you guys just make it official... nothing wrong with dating. that's not what jungjin told me... he warned me how such a scandal could jeopardize a celeb's career. just talk it over with sumi then. jongsuk lee, sumi romantically involved. the celebrity chef and the rising star have been embroiled in a scandal... everyone's dying to find out the truth... their agency promised to get back with the details. she goes for the strong muscular type. they were already an item since college. jongsuk is too good for her... he's got the looks, the bod, the action, and culinary skills. they look great together... they're both super. holy crap. yes, sir... well, that's. talent sumi. i've had nothing but greens all day... are you serious. i know... that's why we added chicken breast. god i could go for some samgyeopsal and soju. is it because of the rumors about your boyfriend. the ceo asked me to ask you first. you mean about chef lee. i've guessed as much... but now we have a choice to make... deny it or make it official. what did the ceo say. well, you are on the rise right now... the timing could not be worse. so... what happens if i make it official. it will have an impact on your popularity since most of your fans are young males. well, eat up for now... we're going to be stuck on set for a long time today. can you do me a favor. after the shoot, can i have some time to take care of some things. conference room for 119 team. i expected better from you... you know how devastating such rumors can be in this industry... why would you even bring up such stuff. we're sorry. i was sure it was off the record. are you amateurs... you don't do that... we do our job and never utter a word that's not directly related to what we do. jongsuk is family... he is more than that... we are indebted to him... he made sure we have what we have today... you get those fat paychecks because of him. i can't deal with this sh*tshow... what am i gonna do if the rumors affect jongsuk or sumi. dammit... what's done is done... just be careful from here on. i just heard... i'm so sorry... i should have been more careful. talking about... it's not your fault... this is on me. it's gonna spread like wildfire now. i'll talk it over with sumi. good... what matters most is your choice on how to address this situation. oh, it's been awhile. they're your favorites. you're so busy... i feel bad i've not been making these for you as often as i should. i'm too busy that's all... why should you be sorry. i'm sorry. i had my eye on the prize... i just thought if i keep on working hard, i'll be popular and successful and make a decent living. and then it'll be smooth sailing from there. i really am... i really don't know what to do now. sumi... i'm all for whatever you want to do. i want what's best for you. i. i don't want to break up with you. this is a delicate phase in my career. i understand. let's pretend we broke up. aw man. it's the nature of the beast... you know how this industry's like... try to understand. i never knew how selfish i can be. when something like this was not my problem. the solution seemed obvious... but now that i'm involved... i get so clingy and selfish and i'm so hurt. i understand perfectly... it's only natural to feel that way. i honestly was hoping she'd want to make our relationship public, and that we'd keep dating. put yourself in her shoes... this is a very tough industry... climbing up the ladder is near impossible. you work so hard to make sure your career takes off, but it can all crumble in an instant. i know... but. i can't help feeling disappointed. jongsuk, sumi broken up. jongsuk and sumi part ways... broke up due to busy schedules, but will remain friends. sumi's agency officially announced the breakup, saying the rising star decided to focus on her career from here on. sumi wowed the audience with amazing action scenes in "heroic jeong" the newcomer's star is rising fast. jongsuk lee became famous through his 119 rescue series, in which he utilize his many talent to help small businesses struggling to stay afloat. easy come easy go. they probably broke up ages ago. is this really true... you can tell me... come on. it's true... stop asking. guess fame got to her head... that's all she ever cared about. seriously... going a little over the top there. your first time at the academic conference right. this time the main topic is the effectiveness of acupuncture in treating brain tumor. using the needles to inject traditional korean herbal remedies to the affected areas. this is quite a bold and revolutionary approach, not even the mad doctor tried something like this. if successful, this can be used to heal madam lim. chemotherapy using acupuncture... the important task would be ensuring precision to avoid damaging the brain. jongsuk lee and heejin hwang from kyunghwa university school of traditional korean medicine, please come to car number 3. car 3 is where prof... heo is at. heejin... get my bag. irregular pulse, heavy breathing, and chest pain... this is quite serious. blood stasis. we must address the extravasation and calm his nerves. he's got this. no one comes close to heo in this field. last spot... professor... be careful. jongsuk, you do it. what... me. professor, are you serious. who is this kid. in this situation, you are better suited to deliver. but i. a doctor must choose the best possible option... you can do a better job than me in this particular situation. wait... professor heo... doing... who is this boy. a good student of mine. your student... a student. he is a student, but does a better job at acupuncture than me. but a student has no license. professor... this is an emergency. can you pinpoint the exact spot and deliver with precision. shut out the noise, focus on the patient. he passed out. we can wake him up with the needles. what's up with this train. the patient's life is at stake... trust your instincts. cough. such precision. i was right... he was the right man for the job. your student is amazing. busan. bamboo crab king crab clams. don't be so glum... you'll get over her. this round's on me... dig in. oh, if only i could tell you the whole truth. oh yeah, that hits the spot... gotta have 'em fresh in fish markets like this. are you sure you've ordered enough for yourself. oh, it's really you... chef lee... can we take a picture. i'm sorry... perhaps later... i'm in the middle of something. but we have to go now. i'm so sorry... i can't let this dish cool off and go bad... and i'm not really looking my best right now. oh, i see... okay. why're you being so rude. if i want to finish this meal, i have to. it's only a picture... snap... and that's it. if only it were that simple... one picture is all it takes to start a line. they'll hate you for it. let them... i couldn't care less. pay no attention to them... let's just have a good meal. the following day. and that concludes my report on the effectiveness of medicinal acupuncture on brain tumor. any questions. regions deep within the brain... how would you make the injection. based on lab tests, the survivability rate declined drastically when treating large tumors near the core of the brain. so it's difficult to reach the deeper regions of without causing damage to the brain. anyone else. hi, this is jongsuk lee. if we can make the injection with precision without causing damage to unaffected areas of the brain, does the survival rate go up. theoretically, yes... but it's realistically impossible to avoid causing any damage to the brain while conducting this procedure. based on the brain autopsy by the mad doctor. this is where her tumor is. close to the point of connection between the neck and the cranium. but there are so many nerves nearby... affecting even one of them. could result in death or debilitating injury. even if i can avoid all the nerves, contact with the brain could also be fatal. it's so complicated. tall ice americano please. excuse me... may i ask for of your time. sorry... do i know you. i'm an employee of the firm that's funding the research. presentations are almost complete... so if it's okay with you, come have a drink with me. i saw you in action onboard the train... i've been a keeping track of your exploits. this is a pretty fancy place. there are many hidden gems in busan. i'm sorry if i took you by surprise... i had to ask you to come with me... we're about the same age so. out of the blue, he charges up to me and now this. he's as relaxed and blunt as they come. i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. he's fiercely direct... i like that. alright hyun choi... you got it. think you can out drink me. challenge accepted. oh, i never lose. so the ceo of the company that's investing in the research is my grandpa. so, you're next in line to the empire. yeap... silver spoon. whoah. so, to what do i owe this honor. planning department... my main duty is talent scouting. i want to invest in your future. my future. invest in my future. i knew there was something different about him. i've been keeping up with all the ups and downs you faced... you always come out on top. i don't know about that. respect, man... i'm a big fan of guys like you who overcome adversities head on and grow stronger. all thanks to the book of knowledge, of course. there's really nothing to it. and i'll get to the point. ever heard of a hospital ship. hospital... ship. a ship equipped to provide medical service to the most remote areas where they need help. it's difficult to run the operation... we need more doctors. they need to be committed enough to be able to endure living and working onboard. it's huge... bet it's even bigger in person. a picture is worth a thousand words... let's go. right now... at this hour. i run the show... so we can check it out anytime... let's go. i never imagined it would be this humongous. at just 250 tons, this is considered quite modest compared to some of the behemoths out there. it was converted from a cruise ship... now it's the biggest hospital ship in korea. but for a ship this big... isn't it difficult to dock. we use smaller boats to bring the local patients aboard. unlike other hospital ships that are government operated, we are run jointly by the government and private firms. what's the difference. the government run ones are somewhat lacking funding and infrastructure... unlike them we're well equiped, even with our own or. this is daesik byun... the captain of the rainbow. is dr... moon inside. yes... and probably fast asleep. there's someone you must meet. most islanders are seniors... so they tend to prefer traditional korean medicine. it's hard to hire someone when they're required to spend days at sea. that makes sense... i doubt doctors would want to be stuck at work for days when already most of the week their services are required 24 out of 7. you provide very important service, but it's hard to find people to join in the cause. here we are. yikes... someone's been drinking. who disturbs my slumber. it's me, dr... park. oh, our benevolent leader. please stop drinking soju on an empty stomach. i have these to fill me up... speaking of which, remember to stock up on my favorite shrimp snacks before we cast off. the chef from 119. hi, nice to meet you. big fan... so excited to meet you in person. wow... i'm honored. holy crap... i look awful... sorry i'm stinking up the place... let me clean up. is he a real doctor. he used to freelance... but now here, he is in charge. i hand picked him... he's very talented. but for some reason, he can't stay off the booze. like a cardboard cutout from a medical tv drama... there's always some masterful doctor with a past who wants to forget. he's quite unique... originally an engineer, but suddenly switched to prepare to be an undertaker... then moved on to med school. that's quite an unorthodox resume. choi... get over here... we've caught a big one. holy... this is huge. a red seabream. perfect for a welcoming feast for our superstar. i'm so excited to see what our 119 chef can do with this fish. we have the cooking tools you need. oh, okay... i'll see what i can do. oh my... this is a work of art. park... slow down. how can i... this is a perfect pairing. what it is... but i feel at home. thank you for your time. no, thank you, mr... tycoon. have some authentic busan eomuk*... nothing beats the original. about the hospital ship... can anyone get onboard. of course... otherwise how would we treat patients... if you want to join us... just say the word. tempted. give me some time. let me know anytime you feel you're up for it. a 10 to 15 day voyage once onboard eh. i'm afraid i'll have to drop out of 119. 1 month later. so this is a hospital ship. a whole ship... is a moving hospital... that's amazing. but will you be okay living out at sea. hey... i've been through some unimaginable ups and downs my life... this is a cakewalk. i love ships... i've never been seasick in my life. it's so much bigger up close. i'm still a bit worried. naw... she loves it. she wants to live life to the fullest. hospital ship kitchen. oh, so you're the celeb doctor. isn't this too much work for one person. compared to the crazy workload i've had in other fishing boats this is nothing. 20 years of working on all kinds of ships, from tugboats to oil tankers. must be hard being out at sea for long periods... what about your family. if you're old and stuck at home, your wife and kids will hate you for it... best to be out and about to give them space. what does it take to become a tv chef. well, there are 3 simple rules: beware of fire, be sure to fasten things and beware of knives. ah, makes sense... i'll be sure to keep that in mind. that's today's main course. wow... did you catch them. nope... the fishermen toss the fish they caught over to us. hospital ship cafeteria. let me introduce you to the team. doctor inchul kang, and our nurse, jihyun kwon. inchul kang... at your service. hi, i'm jihyun. wow mr... lee... you're so much cuter in person. you're too kind... it's a pleasure to meet you all... i'm now confident my grandma and grandpa are in good hands. will you whip up some magic for us in the kitchen some day. let's settle down and eat. noodles aren't exactly great for diabetes. but i can't live without them. well then i can't tear you guys apart... do try to cut down a bit though, for your children's sake. is this where it hurts. some acupuncture and cupping should help. lotsa squid today... enjoy. jaeyoung, we've got tons of squid today. show me what you can do with them. orders from the wife... when she heard you came onboard, she wants me to bring back something you've cooked. see, told you i'm a big deal... you should watch some tv. well, me, mr... tv star chef. do we have pork belly in the fridge. for squid pork bulgogi. ah, you're right... fresh squid is the perfect ingredient for that. such a refreshing change from chef tak's dishes... jongsuk is really spoiling us. yeah... he's spoiling you to the point of no return. don't mind if i go there. i'll still be here long after jongsuk moves on... and when that time comes. some of my friends are eager to sign up for our ship just to taste jongsuk's cooking. man fine... i get it... let's just eat. medical emergency. let's check it out. captain, what's going on. we got a distress call from a coast guard ship patrolling the waters about an hour's distance from here. what's the patient's status. a shoulder wound from an axe attack. an axe. axe attack at sea. it happened while they were trying to catch a boat for illegal fishing. we must get ready to get to work quickly once we make contact with the patrol boat... get the team ready. i've heard about the reports of how violent these illegal fishermen can get... but an axe attack. the coast guards would be armed... so why did they hesitate. and got attacked with an axe. there. so that's what a patrol ship looks like. the patient will be carried out soon... be prepared to transfer him to the or. yes sir. he's losing too much blood. get the transfusion bag ready... type b and o. yes. anyone with type b or o... we need some right away. not enough supplies. the transfusion would take too much time. park is trying to stop the bleeding the best he can... but. ask him if we can use acupuncture to reduce the bleeding. oh, will do. is it okay without a gown. first things first... we must focus on the bleeding... hurry up. come with me, just in case. so much blood. let's check his pulse. his gi is unstable... the external injury is severe, but just as bad is the disturbance in his gi. people get hurt not just through sickness or injuries. trauma and fear can take a toll on a person just as badly. the fear of death experienced when hit by the axe,. the agony that follows the hit. such factors eat up a patient from the inside. alcohol please. you know what to do... follow my lead. that's it... i knew i could count on you. amazing, the bleeding has slowed down considerably. how long do you need. for about 40 seconds longer, please. okay... we shall begin suturing the vessels. so fast. i've never seen anyone move that fast. done. your assistance, now i'll begin operating on the patient. finally, erm. how is he. contain the bleeding so the worst has passed... we'll find out more once the operation is over. thank you so much... i have to get back to my post now... please take good care of him. are you headed someplace dangerous. some of our men are currently onboard an illegal fishing vessel... so we have to rendezvous with them to bring the ship in. is anyone else injured. a few sustained minor injuries after brief skirmishes. perhaps it's best that we join you. kang, care to join me. we must hurry. how many are onboard the illegal fishing boat. 2 of our men and 2 fishermen. captain, the second illegal boat is approaching. what... what's the eta. around 6 or 10 minutes... it's moving at incredible speed. what... this can't be happening. just 10 minutes. how soon can we get there. around 18 minutes. sh*t. blow up the engine and escape through the raft... take the raft. roger tha... what the... stop them. what's going on... report... \ pszzt. full speed ahead. don't do anything stupid... got it. hey... hang in there. captain do you read me. report. the crew tried to fight us when they saw their reinforcement coming. anyone hurt. corporal lee was hit hard on the stomach. did you cuff them. yes... but i don't think it'll be easy for us to escape. we'll be there soon... so hang in there. roger that sir. commander, we are about to engage 2 p79 illegal fishing vessels... we will fire when necessary. is it unavoidable. yes... they are coming right at us. coast guard who was attacked with an axe. he's being treated onboard busan 511. good... if necessary fire in accordance with the rules of engagement. what about potential casualties from their side. they gave up their rights to safety the moment they crossed the line... prioritize our men's safety... i will take responsibility for whatever happens from here on. what are the rules of engagement. we make decisions based on the need to protect the safety and property of korean citizens. coast guards are korean citizens, so to protect them we are authorized to fire at our attackers. in other words. captain, we've arrived. attention all men. in case of a skirmish with the illegal boat, we move in accordance with our manual. 3 warning broadcast first... if they do not back off, we fire warning shots with the m60. i didn't sign up for this. captain, the second illegal boat crashed into our raft. you are trespassing korean waters... shut off your engines,. and report to your deck immediately... if you refuse to cooperate. the second illegal boat is trying to tug away the other boat. tug away. yes... they latched on to it using a rope and a hook... they seem to plan to move the dead boat away to their territory. but our men are onboard that ship. and one of them are injured. the second illegal boat is hooked up to the first one... cut the rope now. what the hell was that. captain they are firing at us... they are armed. what... guns. they're trying to tie us down by firing at the dead illegal boat. they're out of their minds. lee you speak their language, right. saw you speaking fluently in a tv special last year. a... little. then can you help us. tell them if they do not shut down their engine, we will open fire. ah... ah... turn off your engine, or you will be fired upon. i repeat... turn off your engine fine... have it your way. you asked for it. fire on my command... aim for the waters ahead of the ship. fire. incredible... this is what it's like... in the line of fire. they seem unfazed. they want to play chicken... they got it. fire m60 rounds at engine. direct hit, captain. hope no one's hurt. lee,. could you make the announcement again. warning. stop your engines or we will fire. they appear to have stopped. good. full speed ahead to the first illegal boat with our men on board. captain, they're firing at us. captain, the m60 gunner is shot. kang... let's go get him. hang in there. am i dying. far from it... the bullet just grazed by. phew... that's a relief. but it hurts, a lot. duh... of course it hurts. disinfection measures for now... we'll treat you at the hospital ship. let's get back to action. what... are you sure. if i can move, i will man my post. try not to get shot this time. could you take off the life vest. why would you want to. it'll take a minute. wow... the pain... is gone. i've tinkered with your circulation. the pain will subside temporarily... but you're still wounded, so please take it easy. they are resilient... still trying to escape. not for long. firing at the deck and cabin would be most effective, but i can't do that. even what little we've done could be criticized by bureaucrats as excessive. but they fired at us first. i wish it were that simple. status report. no casualties, sir. what were they thinking... carrying arms and firing at authorities like that. we better brace ourselves for more of such encounters in the future. what about them. they put up a fight... we got into a scuffle and they've sustained minor injuries... we have to treat them. we have the captain's permission to uncuff them while we tend to their wounds. oh, yes sir. get the guns. kang. freeze scumbags. that's your last warning. why you little. i'll gut you. lee, watch out. you bring a knife to a fist fight. that's what you get. for your every malicious action there's an equal and opposite reaction i'd dish out. did you not properly frisk them. i'm sorry... we were caught up in the moment. do it now, quickly... and clean this mess up. that was like a real life action movie... i knew he was trained in martial arts... but. he's something else. yesterday, the coast guard arrested illegal fishermen operating 2 boats. the armed fishermen opened fire and injured a coast guard. one coast guard sustained a severe shoulder injury due to an axe attack. we have a clip of the incident, take a look. get down. stop them. the hell is wrong with them... do they think they're pirates or something. why are they armed. we should just shoot them... no need for warning broadcasts... gotta take action first. btw, why is jongsuk lee on that ship. jongsuk lee is amazing... look at him move. that armed assailant is toast. it's like that movie where the cook saves the day. stephen seagull... never heard of under season... he plays the cook that single handedly takes down an entire team of terrorists on board a battleship. getting some fresh air. jongsuk... next time, please don't go charging at armed attackers. if anything happens to you... i don't know what i'd do. we certainly don't want that... i promise you i won't. due to sudden change in weather conditions we are experiencing turbulence... please remain in safe quarters. i must act quickly. she's about to get swept away. just a little closer... just a bit more. i'm too late. grandma... no. heo has been swept overboard by the waves. please look after grandma. i must go. turn on the searchlight... 1 o'clock... now. the water's icy... i must hurry. at his age, he may experience cardiac arrest. lee, are you okay. do you see him. i'm going back in... please keep shining the light. i must find him... no matter what. i must focus and use my powers to reach out and search for him. focus. there... there they are. throw us a rope. pull. pull... hurry. how did he do that. no pulse. please, allow me... you need to. you'll get hypothermia. at least use this. get away from me... i'm not finished. i'm at the peak of my power. he's up. not yet... i'm not done. leave it to me. all that vapor. yes... his pulse is back. grandpa, how do you feel now. grandpa, it's me. oh, yes... thank god... i thought i won't make it. let's get you inside and get you warmed up. i got him. where's your grandma. oh... she's in the or. what... why. when the ship rocked, she hit her head hard... she's still unconscious. intracranial and blood pressure are rising rapidly. too much pressure, especially in her head. the tumor is squeezing the nerves and vessels. something must be done. or we'll lose her. park, is there nothing we can do. we don't have the medication specifically needed for her condition... and also. we don't have the equipment to perform brain surgery. that means there's nothing we can do. jongsuk... snap out of it. it's not just the blunt force... it's because of the tumor. what... tumor. she has a brain tumor. then why on earth did you have her board the ship. i mean, what were you thinking. i can't let this happen to grandma... i must do something. my only option now is. the mad doctor. lee, what are you. thin syringe needle. park... do we have it. will this suffice. thinner than that. get me a thinner one. what are you trying to. park... let's indulge him for now... hurry. has he gone... mad. this is not like jongsuk at all. flip. flip her so i can work on the back of her neck. jongsuk, what are you trying to do. doing my job. i don't know what your plan is but. park... let's just do what he says for now. you never know until you try. any mistake can be fatal... you know that. have you done this before. never. then why would you. i've not tried it out... but the theory is sound. what are our chances. she either lives or dies... you know that. heo... i'm not sure if. i trust jongsuk. i agree he is a gifted student... but. and i'm sure she believes in him too. besides, there's not much else we can do. he's right. he's our only hope. what the... is that. cerebrospinal fluid. this is possible by simply inserting a syringe needle into the back of one's head. he gets it done simply using a thin syringe needle and iv tube. the pressure is lowered. amazing... there's no doubting the mad doctor's skills. moving it safely through relying purely on instincts. why does he keep going. the pressure has been lowered... so he should stop. there is a disease and i'm the cure. but you've never done this before. now's a good a time as any to try... if we fail, we still learn. stop it you lunatic... don't use my grandma as a guinea pig. just what are you trying to. are you trying to extract the tumor. impossible. it's too big to be removed using this tiny needle. what are you thinking. he's injecting his gi into the brain. from the tip of the needle it shoots out. working as blades that dissect the tumor into tiny particles. down to a nano scale. they've virtually been liquefied. blood pressure stabilized. park... please stop. i don't know what jongsuk is doing, but if he's been silent and focused all this while. it means he is doing something incredible that we can't imagine. oh... is that so. what could that be. i have no idea. using his gi to meticulously slice up the tumor. retrieving it through the needle and out the tube. incredible. extreme care and attention to detail is given to prevent harming the brain in any way. we can do it. i don't know how long it will take, but. i can save her. dad. oh, you made it. how's mom. the worst has passed. what on earth is he doing. leave him. i think he's removing the tumor. how is that even possible... he's just a kid. i find it hard to believe too... but let's wait and see. my son. how long has he been standing like that there. about 18 hours. he stood still like that for hours... zero motion... it's incredible. it's superhuman to be able to do that... clearly he is driven by the will to save his grandma. he can do it. i just know it. how much time has passed. i've been standing here at awe of how the flow of gi is used to dissect and extract the tumor. the slightest irregularity in the outward flow can lead to parts of the brain being sucked out. the most minute excess in the amount of gi used in dissecting the tumor could harm the brain. the mad doctor is controlling the inward and outward flow with amazing precision. he is virtually inhaling and exhaling at the same time. this is the last of it. out you go, and grandma is safe. good job kid. how do we know if that liquid is the tumor. i sent a sample to a hospital in jeju through a ship that helped us out. they checked it and confirmed it is the tumor, finely sliced. the hospital staff asked how it was sliced down and removed like this. how it was cut down to microscopic proportions. microscopic. hard to believe... i know. i'll contact a hospital in seoul. no need for that. jongsuk... are you okay. you look like you got all your energy sucked out of you. the tumor has been removed completely. is that true. just some internal injury... nothing major... i just need some rest. mild injury. but you're coughing so much blood. don't worry about me... i need to check on grandma. she's clearly much better. you're right... it's as if the tumor is gone completely. but there's always a chance some bits may remain. when she is up and about, we must take her to a hospital for a thorough check up. yes... good job, son. i'm grateful she made it through. but how on earth did. ah, time for the protocol lie. i've actually been trained in some unique ancient martial arts. i was able to use my gi to scan her and place the needle with great accuracy. then i used my gi to carefully drive the needle up and remove the cerebrospinal fluid. i knew he learned something incredible... but this is beyond comprehension. believe... but he made it happen... what a miracle. jeju halla hospital. oh my... i still can't believe it. what's the matter... has the tumor grown back. this is from 3 months ago. this is the latest scan... look. the tumor is gone. that means. she's completely healed. based on this evidence, there is no tumor. mom... this is fantastic news. my darling dearest. it is. grandma, here's to you and your health. after that dramatic incident. after i left the ship, i got my korean traditional medicine licence in january. among the 10 fields available, my choice was acupuncture. now i can treat patients without any restrictions or concerns due to my age or qualifications. dawn dr... heo's clinic. where's the damned doctor. my friend's hurt bad... look at his shoulder. is there no doctor here. this way please. hurry the beep up... i'm in pain. what seems to be the problem. grunt... i can't move my shoulder. he's intoxicated. what the beep man. what the beep are you doing. it's dislocated. this will hurt. one,. two,. no more pain. it still beeping hurts... dammit. colorful choice of words... i should put a soap in that mouth. after the dislocation, the muscles are affected... the joints are fine... with some acupuncture you'll feel much better. acu... what... you mean needles. what kind of a hospital is this. a traditional korean medicine clinic. you crazy mother... why would you bring me here instead of a proper hospital. you said it hurts like beep and you need immediate medical attention. i don't want acupuncture needle and sh*t man. excuse me, this way for your treatment. buzz off... i'm going to a real hospital. oh, then you'll first need to sign some discharge forms. and make the payments. beep it... take it... here you go. nurse oh, are you okay. oh... yes. trying to score some points with that chick... beeping loser. i've heard about these types of headcase patients... but seeing is believing. there are worse cases in other departments. erm... the check is for a million won. how much do they owe us. 60,000 won. i'll return it. excuse me... hold on. emergency hotline. i'd like to report a dui case. are you an eye witness... do you remember the plate number. yes... it's a silver sports car... just took off from heo clinic and headed west... the vehicle number is. and. the driver appears to have been smoking marijuana. how can you tell. i'm a doctor at heo clinic. okay sir... we'll send someone. doctor lee. he's back. that nutcase from last night. he should be in police custody... how on earth did. where the hell is he. hey you... come here you little sh*t. you're dead meat. hello, is this the police. what the hell do you think you're doing. i'm reporting you for smoking weed. ha... you really did it this time. beat some sense into this twerp. where were the surveillance cameras. there's one. this position should suffice. yes, i made the call yesterday. now that i've got that on tape. evidence will clearly show this was in self defense. you don't get to come here and do that to my boy. erk. you have no idea who you're messing with. please... things have already gotten way out of hand. you don't tell me what to do. i approved visiting this place because you promised you just wanted to see that doctor... you don't want your father to find out what really happened. hmmph. i'm gonna remember you... pray we don't meet again. you're not in police custody right now... but last i checked, dui is a crime, and smoking marijuana is an even bigger crime in korea... so i'm gonna need you to stick around until the police arrive. are you beeping kidding me. who you're dealing with. i think i do. there must be some misunderstanding. the young master didn't drive or smoke weed. too bad i didn't take pictures. i saw him driving and smoking marijuana. are you sure you saw clearly that late at night... he has a driver... and the one smoking was another person sitting next to him. someone else. the one caught smoking weed is currently being invested by the police... he has nothing to do with us. the check he gave me should show traces of marijuana. the same check he probably used to weasel out of this squeeze. what a way to live. please excuse us for now... we'll talk soon. i don't know if i'd want that. know which rich kid i'm suppose change: i'll need to know which rich kid i'm supposed to scare. nice haircut... did your dad shave it off to teach you a lesson... i guess this won't be the first time. what the beep did you say. whoah... hold it. mother f. you better watch out... i'm coming for ya... sooner than later. this should teach you a lesson. why are there so many spoiled rich brats. nothing to do with being rich. he's just a natural born asshole. so... why did you just stand there and take it... you could've made short work of that dweeb. there's a time and place for such actions... especially when you have cameras. what does his dad do for a living. a construction company. you'll get what you deserve. i've tinkered with the muscles linked to your sphincter and penis... so have fun leaking and feeling useless in bed. lee... long time. hi mr... hong... how have you been. knowing rich brats like him, i best be prepared. i was wondering if you've heard of daeduk construction. i've heard of it... what about them. i've had a bit of a run in and may need your legal advice. it's the spoiled little son isn't it. wow... how'd you know. dig deeper, but i already know they have a protocol for when the son gets into trouble. what kind of protocol. when you give their plate number to the cops, they have a system to find out about such developments. and before the info reaches the proper investigative authorities, they tinker the details about the driver and the offenses. these types of people won't just walk away... they'd work to hit you back hard. nothing drastic so far. in time they will find ways to cause a lot of trouble... i'll make some calls to try and stop them. okay... thank you. i've gotta hit that beeper where it hurts... any ideas. the chairman has already taken necessary measures. yeah... bury that son of a b*. first we've taken steps to ensure he has to quit working at the clinic... that should be a devastating blow considering he must have studied some 6 years just to get there. holy... that's perfect... make life a living hell for that crap. his family runs a small restaurant... we'll have sanitation and tax authorities turn that place upside down. well these steps should be enough to ruin his life. i need you to do more. we'll send some people to rough him up. good... make sure you beat him up until the quack won't be able to do his job. what the f... what's that stench. are we nearby some farm. holy sh*t. put a cork in it dammit. this is pure torture. some sanitation and tax officials were ordered to do a surprise inspection of your family's restaurant, so they've been told to just pretend like they're doing their job. i did some digging and it turns out daeduk has its roots in illegal activities run by gangsters. the chairman is of chinese descent and a former triad member. ah, so that means. i suggest your parents close the restaurant temporarily for now and refrain from going outside, just to be safe... same goes for you too. will do... thank you so much. violence begets violence. that vehicle should carry about 5 men... i see you've done your research. he's on the move. get it done quick and send the recorded footage. seoul univ... that guy... be careful. sir, we have him right where we want him... he will be severely dealt with. arrgh. somebody do something. so what's the diagnosis. apparently there's nothing physically wrong. bring him to me. alive and in one piece. alright. lights, camera, and. hardcore from the get go. wait... that didn't feel right. they say when you get good at this job, you don't even feel the recoil... have i gotten that good. another convincing performance... now it's my turn. get him. 200 fighting experience points from paul, who died while preaching in japan. add to that the 200 previous fighting points and i can easily wipe the floor wit these henchmen. he knows how to fight, so aim for the head first. don't mess this up... you don't want to disappoint the chairman. nice... that should be enough evidence. creamed 'em. the chairman wants to see for himself... so bring him there. where's there. wait... who is this. this is jongsuk lee... i'd love to meet the chairman myself. who brings henchmen to their kid's fight. that can be arranged. give me the address... i'll be there. what a collection. stop... the chairman wants to see him. you really showed up. alone. did i need to bring my parents or something. how cute. pretty ballsy for a doctor. nothing i can't manage. you didn't even alert the police... what were you thinking. i'm actually quite thankful. i was worried you'd use your money or influence to hurt my family... but instead you came at me directly... so now i can return the favor directly. you really have no idea. that bottle... it's the one i used to dispense bosindan. no one would have access to that bottle but jin. are you done talking. time to meet your maker. hold on. if you're calling the police now, you're too late. big brother jin, this is jongsuk. do you know a daeduk wang by any chance. yeah, i'm with him. who's he talking to. it's for you. go ahead... he can't wait to talk to you. bring it to me. master wang, long time... this is yangwoo jin. this can't be... mr... yes this is yangwoo. i'm so surprised you know my little brother. not by birth, but by choice. may i ask how you've came to know mr... he saved my life once on a plane... then he saved my business by helping me with a very important decision. so then. as i suspected... they know each other. and it looks like wang is heavily indebted to jin. i'm so excited to learn you are friends. i was about to visit him in korea to congratulate him on becoming a doctor... perhaps you can join us for a meal then. oh, of course. the last time i've met jin was some 3 years ago... that's how busy he is. yet he is willing to make time to fly to korea for this boy's graduation. are you taking your bosindan pills. oh, yes... thank you for that. jongsuk made those pills. now i won't have to be the middleman... you can get it directly from him. oh, if that... okay. is everything okay... you sound a bit nervous. nothing like that. may i talk to jongsuk again. oh yes big bro... i'm doing just fine. some hiccups along the way, but nothing i can't handle. naw, nothing major... next week in korea... great, i'll get you some acupuncture treatment and some medicine. okay... shall we begin. was a mistake... please be on your way. if he's connected to jin, we can't afford to mess with him. jin has the power to wipe out my business if he chooses to. that's what i thought... you're nothing without jin's investment. so soon... what happened to your original plan. it's just that i wanted to see you in person. why would you invite so many of your suits just for that. listen boy... i'm granting you mercy because of master jin. oh, don't bother. do what i do. i don't plan on showing mercy for jin's sake. i can be quite. selfish that way. is it a bomb. the cars exploded. what just happened. let's see what happens. from here on... ready or not, here i come. trick he's pulling... but he is just one man after all. just say anything to save his face. i'm sure he's torn between two options right now. an apology and to get things done by the book. by the book. it's only right that one must pay for one's crimes, regardless of wealth or power. you want the young master to do time in jail. dui, smoking marijuana... both punishable offenses... he should do his time. his silence says it all. the choice seems clear... keeping his son out of jail isn't worth upsetting jin. unfortunately, the young master is in poor health right now... going to jail might make it worse. i can heal him. is he the one responsible for the sickness. we will come find you tomorrow then. okay... i expect my apology then. know your beeping place. my sincerest apology sir. let's get moving. as you wish. the following day moon's hospital. why the blood test. it's necessary for your treatment. hongsuk, it's me... i just sent the blood test result. okay... leave the rest to me... kang must be doing his part by now. daedeok construction. the military infrastructure construction project in gangwon do is suspended. they were ready to transfer the project to us... what happened. losing that project means we lose billions. but, the defense ministry suddenly made the decision. so suddenly... why. general yoo who helped us land the project says "add" suddenly made the decision to reconsider the project. add... why would the defense research agency intervene. a man from the agency named chuljae kang is apparently strongly opposed to the project. kang... he was a lieutenant general who headed the 2nd corps. someone you know. he usually never interferes in such affairs. sir, the defense ministry is reconsidering our construction project in dubai. sir, we have the result of the safety inspection of the busan construction site. operations are suspended until further inspections are carried out. and the bank has called saying they can't extend our loans. what... the hell. why would the bank suddenly do that. we should be good for some period of time, why do they suddenly want to cut us out. kim from yk bank just called about the loan extension as well. what... him too. direct orders from the central banker. the central banker. sir, this is not what it looks like. gyusu cho... who is. you want me to go apologize to. who the hell is gyusu cho. wang never saw it coming... he had no idea who you are. i can't stand people like him... their kind must be taught a lesson. how's the internship. it's a lot of fun... i get to meet the patients directly and treat them. if only you chose to join me... i'd give you an offer you can't resist. i'm sure. you're off to the states. yes... i have a few months left until i'm a public practitioner... so i thought i'd get an american license. does that mean you'll have to go to school again. no, i just need to pass a korean traditional medicine license test in the states. again, i apologize for making you go through so much because of my actions. not at all... we are eager and willing to step up. we'd be upset if you never told us about it then experienced some mishaps. daeduk is a very dirty company. the blood test results really blew my mind. they bribe their way to win a military construction contract, and do a shabby job with total disregard for structural integrity. they're like a virus... they must be dealt with. even for me, pulling an all nighter really takes a toll. the train is approaching. been a while since i took the subway. this is rush hour... so taking the sub instead of driving is the sane choice. maybe this was a bad choice... the train is packed. screen doors closing. it's been a while since the daeduk construction incident. they will get what they deserve. at least a few years of jail time. you do the crime, you do the time. it's only right. they're piling on me... no time to summon my powers. i'm gonna get squashed. mom... dad. help me. somebody... please. ouch. dammit... my shoulder's dislocated. please... help. this can't be. are they dead. please... help... me. are you okay over there. my ribs are fractured. i can't move. this is jongsuk lee... i can only help if those mobile enough move closer to the door. i'm stuck... so many people are piled up around me. i think we must first evacuate ourselves... only then we can help others out. careful... go up slowly. did you call for help. we're calling from gubong station... there's been an... oh you know... you're on your way. great... please hurry. they've already got a call and dispatched help. how long will they take. rescue efforts are already underway. more people are hurt and stuck inside... we must help. could... it's just that i broke my arm. how can we help. i'll get in and find the survivors, and pass them to you... please help them out and lay them down. most of the passengers... i can't feel their pulse. how on earth did this happen. let's try and get up... slowly. erm. thankfully the injuries are not that severe. but it hurts so bad... i can barely move. can you walk over there. can you please help me. believe me you are not hurt as badly as you fear... you can make it... i'll need to tend to others. if by any chance you really need my help, just call out for me... i'm jongsuk. what about those seated further down there. over here. help me carry the boy up. pheww. what about all those people down there. what about the rescue team. they say it's going to take a while... they just want us to stay calm. i think they're trying to figure that out too. so many people are waiting for you guys... all you can do is tell them to stay calm. over. help... is there a doctor anywhere. my child... please help my child. his pulse is back... but his ribs are poking some parts of his organs... there's nothing i can do right now. make sure no on touches him. will he be okay. broken ribs are poking some organs... he must stay still until the rescue team arrives. otherwise we risk damaging his internal organs. ah... i see. please help my wife... she's pregnant and unconscious. this is terrible. there must be many more people still stuck inside the train. we'll go help the survivors in the train out... you should focus on tending to the injured. will you do that. we must do what we can. thank you... good luck. we need to gather our resources... what kind of medicines do we have in our possession. any kind of medicine. aspirin, cough syrup, pain killers... any medicine will do... let's see what we can gather. everyone... if you see someone in need of medical attention, call out my name. i'm jongsuk... call me and i'll be there... and please don't try to help the patient yourself. where is she. i should be able to feel two different pulse... the mother and the child. the mother is okay... but the baby... no pulse. she's fainted due to shock. what do we do. best to wait for the rescue to arrive... instead of waking her up, it would be better to let her rest... just stay next to her. oh, will do... thank you. i can't feel the baby's pulse. i'm hoping the rescue team arrives within half an hour. but if that's not the case, please call me again. we must get the baby out. what the hell are you talking about... she's at least a month away. half an hour... remember. hey... wait up... you've got some explaining to do. i'm sorry i must tend to others. but my wife. please, there are others in need of medical attention. where you going... hey... don't walk away... what about my wife... what about my baby. i wish this is not happening. but it is. this just in, at 8:27am the train headed to samwang station crashed. no details on the cause of the accident yet, but there are people trapped in the subway due to a collapse. authorities are working to expeditiously carry out rescue operations, but as passengers are trapped underground, the operation could take longer than expected. looks like a tunnel collapsed and a train with passengers onboard are stuck underground. talk about timing... this is rush hour and the train must be packed with people heading home after work... man, this country has issues... so many accidents. our reporter jaewon lee is one of the passengers onboard the train... he is at the scene right now. we are able to connect with him now. the sound of adults and children screaming in agony can be heard echoing the area. the accident happened during rush hour, so the train was packed before the collapse... authorities must hurry. can you give us the details of what's going on there right now. there are still many people still stuck and unconscious inside the train... those mobile enough are voluntarily entering the train to help survivors out. there are a few here with medical expertise, tending to the injured using what little medicine and equipment they can salvage. what is that name people are chanting... they all seem to be calling for jongsuk lee. that's the name of a doctor who is tending to all the survivors right now. he asked everyone to call him if they need medical attention. ah... that is incredible... can you interview him. the hell is wrong with that news anchor... people are trying to rescue others and help out and he suddenly wants some friggin interview. we need to make a u turn. but we're almost there. turn around. fractured ribs. tell them to take you to seoul university hospital. please head to kyunghwa university medical school acupuncture department. recommend a different hospital. if everyone packs into the same place, the staff will be swamped and treatment could be delayed. sumi sumi. jongsuk... please pick up. hi sumi... i'm a little busy right now. i'm fine... why. you're all over the news. the news. why did you take the sub in the first place instead of driving... are you sure you're okay. really... i'm okay... don't worry. where are you. i'm headed to gubong station. can you go to my folks' place instead. your place. can you make sure my parents don't see the news... i don't want them to panic. sumi... can you do that for me. promise me... get out of there safe and sound. i promise. we need to go to jongsuk's place. seriously... you just covered up the whole scandal... want to risk it. if you don't take me there, i'll just walk there. lee... over here. what's wrong with my son... please help. his belly is bloated... he's experiencing stomach ache and difficulty breathing... looking pale... cold sweat. it's hematocelia. internal bleeding caused by damage from broken ribs. when will rescue arrive. according to the news, it could take a while because they need to get through the pile of steel and concrete. my son... my son. please... you must stay strong for his sake. is this the bag. yes... thank you. i must do something or he could bleed to death. must find the torn artery and stop the bleeding. no ct, no ultrasound... in this environment i can't conduct laparotomy. i must scan manually to find the spot to block the bleeding. will i have to summon the mad doctor again. i did that it took a lot out of me. and right now, i'm clearly in no condition to properly serve as his vessel. i can do it... i must rely on my experience and expertise as a doctor. so much blood... but i can't just draw it all out... the sudden change in pressure will be too much of a shock for him. i must rely on all my sense to tune in find the exact spot. the vibration, feel it with all my senses to find the source of bleeding. this is jongsuk lee's place, right. but why are we here. shouldn't we be at gubong station. didn't you hear the news. a doctor named jongsuk lee is there. are you sure that's the same jongsuk lee... could be someone else with the same name. i'll take my chances. what do we have here. that extraction helped stabilize his breathing, but. before he falls into shock we must find the damaged artery and block the bleeding. is... that possible with acupuncture. we must try. who do we have here. hi. oh my... long time. sorry i didn't visit that's okay, we see you often on tv all the time. jongsuk watches your show all the time. he never told me that. just like jongsuk to be so mysterious. unlike someone i know. hi, we're not open yet. i'm hoyong kim from giregi daily entertainment news. sumi, could we have an interview. we thought you and mr... lee are officially broken up... but perhaps there were some changes. ah... well... that. could we do this some other time... we were having a private conversation. hold on there. we also wanted to hear from mr... lee's parents since their son is in the heart of the subway accident. what train accident. i can't stop the bleeding. i can't give up. i need the mad doctor... but can my body handle him right now. just promise me, you'll make it out of there safe. please hold him down. idiot. a doctor can't do his job when his body is damaged. the fool didn't even know the broken rib pierced his lung and filled up his diaphragm with blood. lee, what are you doing. ah... much better... now i can breathe easier. breathing is all important in using your gi. move. what happened... what's going on with him. i made sure he will stay still when i begin using my needles. because one tiny wrong move. could end up destroying his insides. cauterization. cauterization burning a part of a body to remove or close off select part or parts. how do you do that without proper equipment... and with an artery inside one's body. by concentrating my gi and channeling it through the tip of the needle. is that even possible. shut up... i must concentrate. the tip has reached the broken artery. now to focus my gi. ouch... he's burning up. keep away. one wrong move and he's a drooling vegetable. why is he talking like that... it's like he's a different person. weak... his body is too feeble. there... stopped the bleeding. but he already lost too much blood and his temperature and blood pressure is dropping. he appears to be feeling better. is he okay now. the treatment helped circulation for now... but it's only temporary. from here on, it's important that you get proper transfusion and undergo surgery at a hospital. this just in. the people trapped in guwang station this morning are being rescued one after another. many have already been transported to hospitals. have you been dating mr... lee all this while. is that really important right now. your fans have the right to know. what on earth are you doing. it's my job to find the truth... obviously her agency was lying about the breakup. sumi is here as a friend... mr... lee is stuck in the scene of the accident. have you ever stopped to think about the pain and worry you're causing to jongsuk's parents. wait... is that. is that jongsuk. get me the ambulance at the scene, right now. yes, i've brought him to our hospital. a broken rib pierced through his lung and caused internal bleeding... no concerning external wounds, but his vitals are off the charts. of course i'm treating him myself... hang up... i gotta go. sumi, a moment. the office called... you not showing up on set... it's a huge blow. do you admit that sumi and mr... lee are still in a relationship. no comments... please contact our agency next time. just throw me a bone... a simple yes or no. here's the naked truth. sumi, no. love him. i always have, since the moment we've first met. i still do. i. am his girlfriend. medical center. here's the latest on the gubong station accident. people are paying tribute to those killed by the collapse... a makeshift memorial has been set up. this morning president kim also paid a visit to pay his respects... lawmakers are locking horns over the ruling bloc blames the former administration for the accident... they believe corrupt officials are responsible for being bribed to hand the construction project to dubious construction firms that neglected safety standards. the main opposition accuses the current government of doing a lackluster job of ensuring seoul's subway stations are inspected and kept to required safety standards. did you have a good rest. sorry i made you worry. how are we feeling today. much better... thank you're more than welcome. where do you want us to leave these boxes of fan letters. i am so grateful that you were there at the right time when we needed you most. you saved my son... for that we are forever in your debt... thank god you were there with us that day. doctor lee, thank you. my man... a hero... so proud of you. jc ent. hot scoop... : sumi by jongsuk lee's bed through the night... are they on again. rising star sumi has been at the heart of a scandal involving herself and star chef jongsuk lee... she has since announced they were broken up... but more recently, she was seen staying up, waiting for jongsuk lee to wake up after a serious operation... jongsuk lee was injured while trying to rescue survivors of the gubong station collapse. have you read these. so you guys are a couple again. i heard you've known mr... lee since high school... is that true. and yes... that's also true. such a shame... you really did it this time... i expected better from you. i'm sorry to disappoint you... but i do not wish things would have turned out differently. your actions dealt a tremendous blow to the agency. i understand that... i will do whatever cover the damage caused. what do you plan to do next. when my boyfriend's discharged from the hospital, i plan to have him meet my parents. first time riding shotgun with you. i'm a bit nervous driving long distance... help me out and be a good navigator. mom... we're here. hello... welcome. the star tv chef in the flesh. sorry... i should have came by sooner. where's dad. gone fishing early in the morning. but i already told him jongsuk's coming. he didn't go far... just to the nearby reservoir... should be back by lunch. he must be quite the angler. tell me about it. make yourself at home... i gotta talk to mom. oh... that's adorable. any fishing experience. hope you didn't snoop into something you shouldn't see. he must be tired from the long drive. daddy. nice to meet you... i'm jongsuk lee. don't worry... he'll warm up to you soon. hopefully. what did you catch. bass. that's just too stinky to cook... might as well throw it away. i know a way to prepare bass while eliminating the smell. you can do that. bass is one of the most commonly cooked fish in the u... s. americans aren't as sensitive to the fishy smell... however, koreans prefer to enjoy the fish without the smell... so we've come up with many ways to get rid of that smell. what kind of ways. removing the skin and draining the blood can really help. let the maestro work his magic. there's this strange perception that bass isn't a flavorful fish... but that's not true. because bass can live and breed in almost any type of environment, people automatically assume they're dirty. often times people are seen dumping or burying the bass they caught on land, so people assume it's not tasty. but fishermen did this because releasing a caught bass back into the waters is illegal as these species are top predators in the aquatic ecosystem. bass can be quite tough... so they're perfect for fritters or roasts. perfect for spicy stew as well. how long do we have to boil the oil. wait a sec. a drop of the batter... if it sinks a bit. but bounces back up, that's the right temperature. got pickles. pickles. think there's some left from the last time you ordered pizza. that's been a while. could you dice up the pickle and onions. squeeze some mayo on the mix. add some salt, lemon juice and sugar. voila... the perfect tartar sauce for fish n chips. hope it's worth the wait. let's try it. oh my... so delicious. white wine should go nicely with the fish cutlets. cheers. so, how is it. ah... thank you. that was wonderful, thank you. let me help with the dishes. no way... please. daddy... where you off to again. question. do you fish. have you been fishing for a long time. i used to go bass fishing with my old man at the potomac river when i was little. you grew up in the states. my father worked at the ambassy. then you must be very fluent in english. do you know why i love fishing. do tell. you're freed from the shackles of forced conversations. the key to successful fishing is finding the right spot. let's scan for fish by sensing their gi. in lure fishing,. to make the lure move and look as lively as possible. it's huge. that's the one. the one. the oldest and biggest one in the reservoir... a lunker. for over a decade it has been on top of the food chain here. it's like a black hole, consuming everything in its path... not just fish but even frogs, birds and even rats. maintain your energy... make sure it can't retreat. maintain this stance and watch the alignment between the rod and the line... you don't want it to snap. it's trying to shake us off. decade it's been reigning over this reservoir... he knows how to shake free from fishing hooks. so powerful. i can play this tug of war with the fish, but the line may not hold. if that's the case. i'll transfer my gi using the line. this should strengthen the line and prevent it from snapping. it's weakening... pull. ah ha ha ha ha. i got you now... finally you're mine. i heard you met sumi while you were hitting on girls at the beach to see who you can pick up. and that was when you were in high school. my apologies. the details... you jumped into save her from drowning... i'm grateful for that. so your fishing prowess goes beyond picking up girls. i'm sorry sir. when i grew up in the states. my dad would go fish and bring home bass to be cooked into spicy stew. the stew you made today... it brought back memories. i like bass... it's something that connects me to my father who is no longer with us. during school days bullies used to pick on me calling me a nerdy korean teacher's pet. and when i returned to korea to graduate college and work in a local trade firm. the koreans at work picked on me, saying other than my fluency in english i'm no good for anything else. that's when i started fishing by myself. that's when i learned that in korea, bass from the u... s... are treated as nuisance that disrupts the ecosystem. it reminded me of... myself. you learned to fish at the potomac river right. ironically, snakeheads from korea are proving nuisance over there. so it seems apex predators don't get a lot of welcome wherever they may go. sumi had to endure a lot of jealousy from other actresses the better she got at her job. yes she remains unfazed... instead she just focus on what she can do: acting. that indomitable spirit must be something she got from her father. i don't know. teach her to fish, just like my father did for me. but she wasn't as receptive as i was. but instead she brought to me someone that can teach me a thing or two about fishing. she must really hate fishing. i trust you. to take good care of her. hi folks. sumi openly admits dating jongsuk lee. star couple overcomes age gap. sumi is all the rage these days... even going as far as to openly admit who she is dating. today's focus is her boyfriend. let's see what we can dig out about this guy. i was going to feature the couple before my video dealing with the gubong station disaster. but she beat me to it. i'm sure most of you know this isn't the first time people got suspicious about the two. so much info, so little time... so let's get to it. i'm sure most people are familiar with the celeb chef jongsuk lee. i remember his humble beginnings... he left an impression while appearing as a high school senior contestant at a cooking show with idols. i was forced to watch it in the army because my superior always watched shows featuring shafran's sunny. and i just found this out recently. before that tv appearance jongsuk lee also appeared in a show called korean breakfast. there's a legendary korean food master named bongnam kim who runs a renowned restaurant. he introduced jongsuk lee as a kid he adores like his own grandson. high schooler... no way. hot bod... better than idol stars... what a beast. then they showed jongsuk lee chopping firewood topless... what the hell. they love watching hot men lose their tops on tv don't they... bet it's a different story if it was a girl... right. jongsuk lee's shot to fame was rescue 119, where he goes to struggling restaurants to help them bounce back. i remember memes of jongsuk lee getting brutally honest and confrontational with the restaurant owners, even spitting out their food. he was going way over the top, even dumping all the meat in the fridge. jongsuk gets rid of bad meat. then people started thinking he's a legit chef just because of this tv show. he's no chef... did he work in any renowned restaurants and earn his stripes... did he even work near a kitchen. look at his background... studied traditional korean medicine... what the hell... where'd you learn to cook then. that's another fishy thing... how did he get into medical school. according to a subscriber who went to taejin high school with jongsuk lee,. even by his senior year, he was nothing special... didn't excel in studies... no way he should've had the grades to make it to med school. he'd spend a lot of time in old, used book stores... quite the hermit. so how on earth did he top his school during the finals... he had perfect grades. studies... he suddenly showed side of him in sports... beating the judo team captain. and supposedly teaching some school bullies a lesson in humility by beating him up. i don't know... sounds far fetched... but then the proof is in the pudding... jongsuk lee in action was captured on film... found it while i was working on my sumi content. heroic jeong starring jisun lee... that's the debut movie for sumi. watch. who is this at the ending credit clips. holy smokes... what are you doing there. jongsuk lee appears out of nowhere... he wasn't seen throughout the movie... then why is he added there. in the cast list: jongsuk lee. masked swordsman 1: jongsuk lee. masked swordsman 2: pungho. i know a guy in the industry and he told me this isn't the first action production jongsuk lee is involved in. in a play titled "the last empress" he was the stunt double for an assassin. so clearly this guy knows a thing or two about martial arts. their romance became a hot topic when sumi rose to fame. jongsuk sumi dating. but once it became known, we quickly heard reports of a breakup. jongsuk sumi part ways. and during this time jongsuk lee stepped down from rescue 119... and we didn't hear much from him. until there was news of a clash between the coastguard and foreign illegal fishing boats. some maniacal fishermen attacked the authorities with guns and axe... guess who single handedly took them all down... jongsuk lee. talk about timing... he happened to be working onboard a nearby hospital ship. remember the recent gubong station tunnel collapse. there he was again... saving lives and being all heroic again. how is he at these places exactly when he is needed... does trouble follow him. what's unbelievable is that an unbelievable person with otherworldly capabilities exist in the form of jongsuk lee. honestly, i started this clip with hopes of finding some dirt on this mr... perfect. but man... that's looking like an impossible task... he is just too good to be true. but one thing still bugs me. even in the first semester of his high school senior year, jongsuk lee was a nobody... how did he suddenly become a master of so many crafts. all i can think about now is... that's friggin' unfair... he gets all this talent... what about me. as for sumi, i thought the scandal would ruin her career for good. sumi cast as a new superheroine ninetails joins the narvel cinematic universe. i was wrong again... she's even getting offers from hollywood now. sumi... i'm happy for you... don't ever forget me... i've always loved you. if you enjoyed this content or feel great sympathy for this poor mortal that loved sumi unconditionally. click like and subscribe. sumi and jongsuk lee officially a couple again. who is jongsuk lee. the last book of knowledge. turned up in korea. we don't have all the details, but we are looking into the possibility as we speak... we will leave no stone unturned. i can feel it. he is the one. he's a "writer". preparing for the nccaom acupuncture examination. getting a license in the states. in case i need to treat an emergency patient in the middle of overseas travel. i realized, i won't be allowed to do my job in such situations, if the right license. oh, good... i was worried you were planning to move to the states. thanks for the coffee. anytime. lee, a patient's looking for you. really... who could it be. that's strange, i could've sworn i just. what the... who. someone went through my stuff. mom... please pick up. come on. that's it. yes... sir. okay now. show me what you got. so that's how you wanna play. how is that. i've seen enough. the writer is dead. book of knowledge retrieved. returning to hq. that's. the same mark as the one on the book of knowledge. better power up, then. can't believe that didn't work. geumgang. nahan fist. you are. m. master yujin. all of you. former users of the book. damn shame. but you don't get to join us yet. you'll need more experience. about time. shot in the head and still alive... so resilient. a girl. who are you and where am i. can't you see... you're in seoul. i'm kaede sakamoto. daughter of japan's science and culture minister. keep talking. will this do. the book of knowledge. you were in a japanese museum. and researched a painting of a missionary named paol. that was donated by my father... the book once belonged to him. as a user he became a target of those seeking the book's power... they killed him in the end. my parents. they're both safe... we got to him before the police. the book. why did you bring me here. the goons that are after you killed my father. ooh... at last. they have your book now. i will use it as bait to lure them. be a bait when they already have the book. you're alive. which means. the book is useless to them. soon they'll learn they must kill you to make the book work for them. and when they come, i will use them to find out where their leader is hiding. and destroy them all. tokyo a few months ago. science and culture ministry. thank you minister. this way sir. did you find out anything. yes... i will brief you on the way. it's a secret organization unlike any other... there were limited amount of info we could dig out. we followed your directions and looked deeper using our connections and found a match. bortan goutte. he defected to the states during wwii... a brilliant scientist of german descent. even won the nobel prize in chemistry at a young age. yes... i'm familiar with his credentials. but i didn't know he was still alive. he made no public appearance in over 20 years now. but if he is alive, he would 100 years old. the collector that was shrouded in mystery... turned out to be bortan goutte. sir, please buckle up. sir, please excuse me. they're putting up quite a fight. but you'd damage the book. a grenade launcher is not enough to destroy an armored vehicle like that. mozisuki. duck. oda nobunaga. show yourself minister... there's no need for more bloodshed. using the book's power... please. let them go... it's me and the book you want. toss the book over. carry out my orders. the book gave me a chance to live as many different figures. i choose to end this life like a true samurai. did you dad toss them a fake book. he left the book to me... and i traced you using the book. the collector took away my only family. he will pay for killing my father. that moment. the power of the book... was enough to deflect bullets. my son... are you okay. i'm perfectly fine... what about you two. we're fine... master geoam got us a place to crash while things are sorted out. that's nice... just hang in there... it's safe over there... wait until i come get you. why are these things happening to us. it's nothing i can't handle... don't worry about it. don't get involved in anything dangerous, okay. i won't. love you son. love you too. you need to see this. sumi missing in u... s. filming halted. what the... why is sumi missing. that's how the collector works. it's a trap... she's the bait. let's go then. jin "dage", i'm sorry about this abrupt request... thank you for helping me out this way. for you, this is nothing... i owe you life... say... didn't you save me while onboard a plane as well. will call you once we land in l... a. some friend you've got there. all thanks to the book of knowledge. i have a long way to go. there's only so much i can do with the book. my dad's secretary passed me the book... and after i became the writer. i tried to record all my memories of my father. and so far i could only use the book to find out the most recent events in his life. i used up all the book has to offer through my father's experience. in mastering sword fighting and korean language. glad i can be useful. hang in there sumi. i'm coming. jin's personal jet. may i take your order. please... he needs to be left undisturbed. oh... i'm so sorry. no prob. the wound's completely healed... how is that. your meals are served. so tough. it's not just about how the steak is prepared... how you cut it is just as important. they can't use open flame to cook onboard the plane, so they could only warm up a pre cooked steak. try it now. not so tough. when cutting steak, it's important to cut across the grain so the muscle fibers and other tough parts are severed. la. welcome to l... a... it was a long flight, wasn't it. i'm jack bauer from a private investigative firm... mr... jin hired us... please call me jack. based on what the police have found out so far and the investigations conducted by my team, sumi has been kidnapped... and it's the work of trained pros. all the information we have are uploaded on your tablets... if there are other data or info you need, please contact us. i'll update you on our latest findings on our way to your designated quarters. courtesy of mr... jin... hope you like it... you may choose any room you desire. i'll be meeting a korean journalist at the movie set about the kidnapping. i'm sure you're jet lagged... so please rest well. oh, that's a lot of experience. this is new... watching someone else using the book. whose number is this. jongsuk, long time... this is sohee. you're going out. yeah... gotta meet an old friend. let's see, how best to use the experience gained. if oda nobunaga was the first japanese writer of the book of knowledge... then. any experience of being a ninja. nice... just what i need. koreatown. some places can be quite dangerous at night, so please be careful. i've been busy managing the l... a... branch of unamjeong... i've been keeping up with what's going on with your life through the news. i was worried after i heard about sumi's disappearance... that's why i called to check. what... you're in l... a. can i see you good... i'll give you the address... oh wait, you know where to find me. long time... look at you... all grown up. look at you... haven't changed a bit. you're a bad liar... but thanks. bet you haven't eaten. plane food is... you know. there's no pleasing you... i've prepared something just for you. i can't wait to try your cooking again. don't fail us again. that's so good. eat up. too long. it's all grandpa's fault. i was supposed to return to korea after helping with the french branch. in the end, i virtually went globetrotting to help out everywhere i can and here i am... older and alone. what're you talking about... guys will fall in line for you anywhere in this world. oh my... where did you learn to sweet talk like that. oh, this. i tried braising bass with soy sauce... hope you like it. you must be worried sick about her. i'll rescue her. rescue. you mean she's kidnapped. who... why. there's someone targeting us. duck... come over here now. release the nerve gas. yes ma'am. the same goons that kidnapped sumi. what's that smell. hold your breath. the alarm's set off... the fire and rescue team's on their way. he sensed the gas. how could he... it's untraceable. he is no ordinary man... so brace yourself for war... everyone enter the building now. hold on... the water will neutralize the gas. knife master lee. kwoff. how is he doing this. sniper accuracy in the dark... that's impossible. power up. thank god you're safe. now that we know these monsters will resort to any means, best that you don't act alone. yes... i'll make sure of that. this is where we've scheduled a meeting with a korean journalist covering the sumi case. please remain in the car while i meet her. first time on a film set. how much points would the book grant for the experience i've gained here. i've had my share of filming experience... but it didn't add up to much points. wow... you've really tried everything imaginable. the book provided me with invaluable life experiences... its powers enabled me to help people from all walks of life. invaluable experience eh. i've had nothing but unpleasant memories since becoming the writer. she's here. last i heard, you were studying in canada... now you're a reporter. yeap... i followed my dreams. wow... congratulations. nothing compared to you're a jack of all trades. oh, you know each other. oh, we go way back... we've known each other since high school. okay, we got it... let's cut to the chase. oh, right... sorry. i'm sure you're aware of the facts already release via media outlets. the latest is that investigators are looking into script writers as possible suspects. writers. this is because of a message that's believed to be left behind by a suspect at the scene. to: writer. now i have the girl and the book... if you want to get them back... n40 w74. collector. i have the girl and the book... if this is a message directed at a "writer" by the suspect who calls himself the "collector... n40 w74" must be coordinates and that points to new york. the police are looking into renowned collectors in new york and whether they've had contact with writers of sumi's movie. this message is not meant for a screenwriter. writer". there is only one kind of "writer" they're looking for. lax. straight to new york. now that i know sumi's there, i have no time to waste. will i. see you again. yes... mister jin. good luck, jongsuk. she's more than a friend. my... first love. holy casanova. jack. may i know why you're trying to kill me. freeze. dodging bullets. go back to your cockpit and do your job. tell me... why are you doing this. is severing ties with you. the big brother... why. jin says he has no choice. he says it pains him to inform you that... since you two first met up in the air. he should end the relationship during flight as well. the pilot's shot. jongsuk... hurry. can you save him. i must try. i think we're on autopilot. can we fly to new york and land on autopilot. i don't think so. i stopped the bleeding. so... will we be okay. no, he's lost too much blood... he won't come to without a transfusion. do we have a first aid kit. yes, but there are insufficient equipment for transfusion. then i must use my internal energy to help him regain consciousness. i have to try. i need to focus... do not disturb me under any circumstance. we're about 4 hours away from new york. any flight experience. teach me to fly a plane. you do not have enough experience points. please. can you at least teach me to land. gnah. wh. is going on around here. how do you feel. you were shot. gnugh. you to the cockpit... can you land the plane. that's okay... let him rest. i'll land it. can you manage it. flying was an available skill set on the book. thanks to my father. thank you daddy. i bet we'll have a welcoming committee when we land. we can't land on the airport... can you find another spot. i'll try. i'll land it in the middle of the expressway. are you sure. we don't need to takeoff again, so it should be fine. not bad for a first try. an ambulance will come soon... so hang in there. as for you. tell yangwoo jin. i won't ever forget how he tried to repay me for saving his life. looks like jin's dog failed. shell we dispatch our unit. no need. give him a call. nice to finally see you jongsuk. my name is bortan goutte. you son of a. right, kaede is with you. what a fool... losing his life for the book and then passing the deadly tool to his own daughter. clearly, he doesn't value your life. what a sadistic maniac your father is. you're a dead man. how many lives is the book truly worth... jongsuk, i hope you are different and wisely choose to stop the bloodshed... especially if you value her life. the book let you gain knowledge and experience of many people's lives... i'm sure it opened doors to amazing adventures. it let you live a life most people can't even dream of... gave you the type of fame and glory others would kill for. it makes you think... perhaps, now that you've reaped the benefits of the book, and turned your life around. the bill comes due... perhaps in the form of your luck running out and ending this life. i'll end you, you shriveled old fart. impressive. name the location. i'll bring you kaede and the book. no blindfolds... obviously you don't care about compromising your location. dead captives pose no risk. i shot you in the head... how did you survive. internal... energy. must be one of those weird skills the book provides. we're here... get out. don't touch her. i'll let you move again, but don't make a scene. cool it. please... i have a plan... wait for my signal and just trust me. welcome to my humble abode. where's sumi. my my... how rude... why the rush. jongsuk lee... kaede. such young writers. reminds me of the time when i first got the book. let's just deal. bring her. sumi... are you okay. yeah... i'm fine. i'm sorry you have to go through this... it's all my fault. i'll save you. touching... now let's cut to the chase. may i make the first proposition. i will spare you. and your girlfriend. in return. i want you to work for me. you remind me of myself when i first started born in a dirt poor family, reading became the only source of joy for me. knowledge helped me gain so many invaluable experiences. the knowledge and experience of heron from ancient greece. the genius of da vinci. with the knowledge i gained through the book, i ensured mankind usher in a golden era in the 20th century using my countless inventions. i am mankind's. savior. savior of mankind. what a load of crap... you're just a miserable, old murderer. i helped ensure the global population spike nearly five fold to over 7 billion and expanded the expected life span as well. that doesn't give you the right to kill. ah, morals... when you cram in thousands of years of knowledge and experience, you realize how meaningless that word is. all that matters. is the knowledge to help humanity evolve. is she that important to you. do you love her. i'd die for her. thank thank thank... fascinating. love is nothing but a temporary state necessary for breeding. i read about all kinds of experiences related to love on that book. strangely i couldn't soak in the experience and use it as my own. why doesn't that surprise me. i was unable to fall in love. years of being completely immersed in research and experimentation somehow turned me into this unemotional husk. no longer able to love or have a family, i became even more focused on my work. i absorbed every bit my book had to offer. with the amount of knowledge gained, all other books began to bore me. set out hoping to find other books of knowledge. finding the writers wasn't hard at all. i used all my power and resources. to learn there exist 5 other books of knowledge. so... you killed the writer for the books. that's how it works... only when a writer dies the next writer is allowed to use the book. i'm going to kill you. i'll cut to the chase. here's my offer. be my heir, jongsuk lee. i've met countless writers through the book and in person. no one compares to you when it comes to gaining so many experience points so quickly. i can see you are the one to continue my legacy... be the beacon of light to lead mankind and help them evolve. what would you do with kaede. most people fail to gain or use the experience one book has to offer within their lifetime. i can do it within a decade. well, at my current state, perhaps slightly longer. while i groom you as my heir, i will continue to stay alive using her book. and when i die, i will pass everything i've gained and my book to you. tempting offer. but hard pass. don't you know how important this work is. a writer of the book of knowledge is obligated to help lead mankind. you obviously gained a lot of knowledge through the book. but very little wisdom. not having someone to fight for. disqualifies you. as a writer of the book. find them... kill them all. the ninja experience comes in handy. found one... sector b. got that... sector b... move. sector b... we've arrived. he can't speak right now. unless i tap the right pressure points again, he will remain a drooling vegetable. collector... you listening. i don't run... i don't hide. your'e in for the experience of your life. it's called death. but do you have what it takes to fight a man with over a hundred years of knowledge, experience, and skills bestowed upon by the book. let me show you. the power of a man. who has the world at the palm of his hand. what in blazes. gworph... umph. this should do. keep your filthy hands off my father's sword. still alive. you should hire better goons... it's just you and me now. there's a japanese myth... that the soul of the slain gets trapped in the sword used to kill that person. and the more people it slays the sword becomes a demonic entity of its own. this soul taker remains hungry for more kills. in the process the wielder is transformed into a demon as well. let's see how thirsty your father's sword gets after tasting his daughter's blood. a mere object gains life by taking life... i scoffed at the very concept... how typical of asians. but after witnessing the book's power... i came to realize there's a fine line between myth and facts. the book absorbs the writer's experience... the writer gets addicted to using the experience and knowledge it offers and forever remains hungry for more. just like how a soul taking blade thirsts for blood. the book is using the writer to quench its thirst for knowledge and experience. i too thirst for your blood. to avenge my father. i'll become a soul taker with pleasure. haa... alright, let's get it on. bow down before your god. that's your book's power. that's right... behold the power of shiva, the very first writer of the book. shiva. shiva the lord of destruction. the most powerful hindu god. what is with your obsession. of wanting to become more than human. end of the road for you. you're but a minor inconvenience. in my pursuit of becoming a writer. ha ha ha ha ha ha. you dare challenge the lord of destruction... a god. impressive... never have i faced an opponent that last this long. for the last time... join me. and everything i have shall be yours. if i end up becoming like you by being obsessed with the book's power. i'd rather give up being a writer. well then, there's only one choice for you. when you're gone and i take over your book. i will find everyone recorded in it. and kill them all. you first. catch. that's the collector... the feeble old man. yes, and yes. that's the power of the book. accept your fate... you're up against virtually the sum of all knowledge and experience in human history. kneel before your god. surrender your books. i will allow you the honor of handing me the worthless knowledge and experience you've gained through it. worthless. these belonged to your father. if he was the writer. can i see his experience. is the day i was born. mom. worthless you say. how dare... you. i will wipe you out with one fell swoop. let's do it together now. you deluded fools... quit delaying the inevitable. this is impossible. that's still not enough... victory is mine. in all these years with the books, you only focused on attaining the knowledge and experience they offer. never about the people that shared it with you. i thought i tapped into everything the book can offer. what was i missing. the book refers to us as writers, not readers... think about that. the reason why there are blank pages. would you like to write your experience. is because the book wants users to do more than just read and absorb its power, but share their knowledge and experience with future generations. the blank pages to fill... their limitless potential. that's the true power of the book. perhaps you're right. is it over. yes... for now. i still don't get what's going on. i'll explain later. here, your book. ah, thanks. and... this. the collector had only this book. then what happened to all the books he took by killing the writers. all i know is that this book lost its writer when the collector died. the books. combined into one. so all this while the collector has been fusing the books after he took lives. what now. first i gotta take sumi back to hollywood. i'd like to experience how my father lived. good luck. till we meet again. until then. stay safe. see you soon. nine tails. marvel studios. used books. that was close. you like reading. wow... more than playing with smartphones and computers. don't have either. i'm not poor... my parents just won't let me have them so i can focus on studying. i like books regardless. they let me experience some things i'll never get to experience in life. reading. helps gain knowledge and level up in life. try moving now. it doesn't hurt. you're not completely healed yet... but with continued treatment, you should be okay. what about training. as long as it's not too intense, it should be fine. phew, that's a relief. i heard you helped the coach heal when her injury almost got her cut from the national team. she says she owes you big time for the gold medal. she always talks about how it would have been impossible without you. my injury's not that serious... i feel like she just used me as an excuse to come see you. watch it. your current injury could have developed to something far worse if you didn't treat it right away. so listen to your coach well and train hard. busy. not at all... i just finished tending to that patient. there's someone i'd like you to meet... come into my office. manbok kim... he's a nominee for the health minister post. i've heard so much about you. kim would like to hear directly from young practitioners of traditional korean medicine about what it's like at work these days. there are plans to devise more policies related to traditional korean medicine... your input would be invaluable in coming up with effective and necessary measures... please help. i'll be blunt with you. despite the growing popularity of traditional korean medicine, there are a lot of regulations that hinder our work. the lack of insurance that covers traditional korean medicine treatment. not even half of the public welfare centers have traditional korean medicine clinics or services. traditional korean medicine is the preferred choice of treatment among the elderly... and as the country's population grows much older it is imperative that we have more such facilities, especially in public welfare centers. modern western medical system provides immediate treatment for specific injuries... but korean traditional medicine focuses on improving overall well being and work to find and fix the root of the ailments. i hope sufficient support systems are established for both western and eastern medicine to ensure the most appropriate treatment can be provided to patients. thank you for your insights... i will take charge of working to solve the issues you've highlighted regarding the difficulties faced by traditional korean medicine practitioners. while you're here... check up and some acupuncture. oh... don't worry about me... i take really good care of my health. sometimes, even those who do a great job of taking care of their health can have issues they may not be aware of... i insist you give it a try. you're right... you're in excellent health. what did i tell you. you seemed concerned about hair loss. how did... you. there's a lot of concentrated heat around your scalp. may i check it with your wig off. not even my closest aide know about the wig... how did you. judging by your pulse, i could tell there's been considerable progress in your condition, but you appeared to have a full head of hair so. it's true... it's a wig. but i cannot remove it by myself... it requires trained experts at my wig shop to get it done using special tools. very well... please have a seat. i can check your condition with the wig on. how do you wash your hair at home. oh, i can just shampoo it without removing it. that's pretty nifty. i think it runs in the family. so many of your family members experience hair loss. with about 10 days of regular acupuncture treatment, we can help lower the temperature in the affected area and aid regeneration. you... really mean... my hair can grow back. but you will have to lose the wig... you can't wear hats to shield your head either... they must be exposed and allowed to breathe. my wig. the problem is the high temperature... wearing a wig or a hat can only make matters worse. but... i need to make constant public appearances... i can't be seen. jongsuk is the best i know... he will deliver on his promise... i guarantee it... give him a chance. lawmaker manbok kim, who is one of the favorites among the health minister nominees. look... isn't that the gentleman that visited our clinic a few days ago. he shaved off his hair as he carries out a one man rally calling out for expansion and improvements in public medical services and workers at the health ministry building. some criticized the move as unnecessary showmanship. moving to the countryside. that doesn't mean we'll be farmers or anything like that... we want to settle down in some place far away from the city with a nice scenery. if that's what you want, i'm all for it. where will it be. well... that's what we need to figure out. we have no clue... wish we knew more about real estate. so ignorant. i personally would love to live near a beach. i want a quiet mountain range. perfect... have your mountain home... i'll find my own place near a beach. i got this... please stop fighting. do you have real estate experience. do you have any feng shui experience. great... that'll do. forbidden city. the emperor commands you. find the best burial site. but why me... there are officials that specialize in feng shui. i have more important responsibilities. this is going to take up all my time... to check the feng shui in various places and find the perfect spot takes years. the book has bailed me out time and again. but it knows nothing about feng shui. but what choice do i have... it's the emperor's orders. i had the perfect, cushy job... how things change quickly. but this. this is majestic. can you wake him up... can't believe he's still asleep. jongsuk... rise and shine. the room looks different. i moved a few things around... it feels better now. the structure of the room should be considered when arranging the furniture... we should have taken into account the lack of water and wood energy... i should get some plants on the way back home. plants. it'll help fill the lack of water and wood energy. what's with the mirror. switching position. the mirror was facing the bed. that is not good. there's too much metal energy here. metal. yeah, as you can plainly see. the heating equipment should be moved here. fire can neutralize metal. the fire energy will bring balance by suppressing the metal energy. the wall color... it's just too white... no good. well... this is a hospital. white has metal energy. perhaps hanging a painting in red will help. boryeong. been there before. once, while filming an the beach is about 20 minutes away, making it perfect for feasting on oysters when they're in season. jeonju is just an hour's drive away, so you'll have more to experience. jeonju... isn't that where sumi's parents live. yeap. it is the ideal spot. you wanted the mountains, mom wanted the sea, so. boryeong is where you can find plenty of both. check out the view... boryeong is a great place to live. a traditional market and a supermarket are nearby... so no need to worry about shopping. nice, right... built about 3 years ago... practically brand new. i'd love to sit at the balcony and have some coffee while soaking in the view. you got that right... let's check out the interior. there's a suspiciously high level of water and yin energy. why are the previous owners selling their house. oh, i suppose they have their reasons... perhaps they needed the money. when you met them. did they seem unwell. a bit pale... bloodshot eyes. when you met them, did they seem unwell... a bit pale with bloodshot eyes. how did he know... is he some undercover investigator. let's check out the back first. the walls are necessary to ward off wild animals. do you like it. sure... what's not to like. fantastic view... a new home... it's all good, but. it's in a bad spot. bad spot. talking about sir... this is the perfect spot. the mountains as the backyard. and to have a clear ocean view on the front. on the surface... yes... but. the valley is facing this way to the house. valleys gather a lot of negative yin energy... that energy flows directly into the house. has there been people suffering from cold and eczema. how did you... know. the negative energy from the mountain is supposed to flow through this part and into the river. but you've blocked that path by building this house. so the negative energy continues to remain trapped in this area. and that's what's been making people sick. if this is so bad in terms of feng shui... maybe we should. holy smokes people... who in the 21st century believes in feng shui. it's not the house or the area that has bad feng shui... it was a good place before the obstruction by the house. the mountain is not supposed to be that detrimental to health... it actually can exude a lot of positive energy. it provides good enough fortune to residents to ensure a decent living. if one's ancestors are buried there, that fortune will continue for generations. ah ha. but the house... the location... it's wrong... it can be deadly. i need to meet. the former resident of this house. best realtor. real estate. oh, you're here. oh my... did you catch a cold. yeah, i can't seem to completely get rid of 'em. what's this about. oh a client of mine who saw the house wanted to meet you. hi, may i feel your pulse... i'm a doctor. what did they say at the hospital. they say it's a common cold... but somehow i never got better. the reason why you feel under the weather is because of the yin energy piling up inside. yin... energy. this may sting a bit... but bear with me. gwooah. i suddenly feel warm and better. the negative energy has been piling up inside you during the 3 years you lived in that house. i channeled that energy out and transferred some yang energy into you. yin and yang... sounds like you are some sort of an internal energy expert. the house and its energy caused my sickness. no way... you don't really believe that. yes... i see it now. it's tragic. i built that house with so much love and care so it can be the retirement home for my parents. but less than a year after moving in, they passed away. i'm sorry for your loss... but i'd advise you not to share such information with my clients. selling a home is not just business... it's about providing the right place to live in. you shouldn't treat it lightly like a job you do... you are responsible for the happiness and safety of your clients. if you knowingly sell a bad house, its bad karma for you. bad karma. so what should we do about the house. it's more than just the house... it's the energy that surrounds it which is affecting the entire village and its people. to prevent the negative energy from piling up in the village, you must provide a path for it to flow towards the river. so we should mow down the house. reshape the terrain and where the house is erected, we can make minor adjustments based on feng shui. could you. buy the house from me. find a way to fix the problem without tearing down the house, i will sell it to you at the price of the land alone. can't believe we bought a relatively new house for that price. when did you have time to study feng shui. when you study traditional korean medicine, it helps to study various other disciplines as well. while we're here, how 'bout we go visit sumi's folks in jeonju. you read my mind... sumi's there too. great... give them a call. sure... but can you fish. fish. somehow the yin energy is stronger now. house bonds to the owner... perhaps that's what's causing the change. alright, let's get to work. feng shui remodeling. the clay bricks are here. let's build a circular wall to guide the energy flowing from the mountain towards the river. clay has the power to ward off water... so it should block the yin energy flowing from the mountain. but wait... i'll have to bring down the old wall first. i heard the house below the mountain is sold. i'm a bit concerned, the previous owner fell sick after moving in... something about its location. hush... don't say things like that... it can drastically bring down property value and impact all of us. how can you say that when it could be a matter of life and death. there you go again... stop talking nonsense... there old people here, so no mystery that some fall sick. i heard someone's started some renovation work there. what kind of renovation. sounds like some heavy duty equipment. oh, hi there. yikes... was i too loud. wait... you look familiar... i've seen you on tv. jonguk lee. that's me. you bought the house. yes, sir... i'm your new neighbor. i'm the village chief... feel free to let me know if you need anything. wow... what were you using for all this demolition. just... my hands. come on... do we look that gullible. how does anyone do so much damage with bare hands. it's quite simple. can you show us. summon baguazhang skills. how the hell did he. what sorcery is this. it's no magic... i'm trained in a number of martial arts. me clean up the rubble. couldn't have done it without your help. what are neighbors for... in the countryside, we must help each other. it's high time the village brings in some young residents... so good to have you with us. she seems especially pleased. do we have any jujube tree seedlings. jujube. how many do you need. around 20. so many... where do you want to plant them. the house is surrounded by yin energy. one way to neutralize this is by planting trees with yang energy. they can work as a shield. feng shui... isn't that all outdated superstition. as a farmer i'm sure you've noticed there are areas where plants don't grow as well as some other areas even if you use the same seeds and fertilizer. the same applies to humans... there are some areas where we can grow healthy, and other areas where we can't. helping to find the ideal location and conditions to live in... that's what feng shui is. so is it true that this house why we've been having those bad experiences in the village. oh my... calm down. it's true that the house is blocking the flow of negative energy from the mountains. see... it's true. and you're saying that's what's causing people to fall ill. most of the villagers are up there in age, so they can be very sensitive to even the smallest changes or disturbances. opened a new path for the negative energy to flow away from the villagers, they should recover quickly. that's a relief. but how did you master feng shui at such a young age... incredible. hardly a master... i had to pick up a thing or two in various fields while studying lee is a korean traditional medicine practitioner... also an incredible chef. can you give me a checkup. are you feeling ill. i'm feeling fine, but i'd love to find out if everything's alright with my system. join me for a hike tomorrow. a hike. so many tombs. talk about how there are many tombs on the mountain... how did you know before even climbing it. the silhouette of the mountain tells a lot of things. you can tell that. that's all part of feng shui... it was originally invented to find the ideal burial ground. that's amazing... i only know the basics, like being near water and mountains is good. these days you can say any place is near water and mountains. are many more applications especially in real estate and interior design or decoration. in some sense, it's very logic driven... if you think about ancient times, living near a mountain is important so you can gather firewood, and living near a water source is definitely essential. but thanks to modern advancements... like you said, we can have access to heating, power, and water almost anywhere. so a modern upgrade to feng shui would be gauging details like proximity to important facilities and services like the subway, schools, hospitals, or supermarkets. ancient civilizations thrived by residing near rivers because it ensured easy access to water supply. as well as transport routes. similar to how property values rise when its located close to key train or bus routes. exactly. that makes sense... feng shui is not something too far fetched. well, this. baekgol. what is that... never heard of such an herb before. it's a rare medicinal herb that can be used to improve one's yin energy... so rare that it's not listed in the donguibogam encyclopedia. first time i'm seeing them as well. then it must be really rare. i can create a concoction that can help replenish yin energy. lee... you have to see this. so many of 'em. i guess they're not that rare after all. the product of the yin energy piling up on the mountain. so if you make changes to your home, no more of these rare herbs. oh right, that could be the side effect. but it's worth giving up the herbs. if it means reassuring the health and well being. of the villagers. a few weeks later at unsongjeong. good to see you. non of the elders have arrived yet... you're early. when i heard you're in korea, i had to rush. how long are you here for. oh, i'm back for good. here... a welcome home gift. what are these. they're called soeumdan... i made them myself. the main ingredient is a very rare herb called baekgolcho... it's especially good for women. oh really... thank you. getting ready to make kimchi. i just visited gangwon do and already premium quality napa cabbages and radishes could be found. so i suggested we start kimjang early this year. if they're good enough to move you, they must be really good. want to check them out. they're crispy and sweet. told you so... it's a great harvest this year. they'll make perfect pancakes and doenjang soup. show me. heating up the pot before pouring the doenjang base is unsongjang's secret recipe. our senior guests are used to authentic unsongjang dishes, so. ooh... what's this. we have some incredible napa cabbages, so i thought i'd use them to make some pancakes and soup. oh my... you made them yourself. it cleanses the palate and refreshes my taste buds. a bit more spicy goes well with most of the heavy dishes we're serving today. thank you mr... a special exhibition of ancient chinese relics. finally the relics from the forbidden city are displayed. they're such rare and important relics, we had to conduct thorough research and restorations... also, we had to create some replicas just in case. replicas. these are national treasures... safe to not leave them out in the open. still, that's not fair to the visitors. even if they are replicas, they are created with careful attention to detail... other than the most experienced experts, no one would be able to tell them apart from the authentic pieces. some, experts i guess... remember the time when you were tricked into buying a replica. don't bring that up. but there is some concerning news... i've been hearing from some young students. great that you brought it up... i have some questions regarding that. relics brought in from china are believed to be fake. some are even missing. quite the predicament. fakes... missing. who would have had the access to do such things. the foreign ministry was in charge of transporting them... i believe one of the items they were in charge of went missing. the culture ministry is in charge of verifying the authenticity of the relics... so if counterfeit items are found, they will be held responsible. so the two ministries could be in hot waters. meet the officials responsible for verifying the authenticity of the items. the exhibition opens on saturday... every relevant official from the ministries should be there that day. then that's when we find the saboteur. national museum. as expected, every official related with the project is here. it'll be like finding needle in a haystack. difficult, not impossible. making time for us today... we are honored. prof... jongmyung oh head of s univ... archaeology dept. delighted to be here. sungyun kang... i'm the director of this museum. sungyun kang museum director. we've been personally requested to assist you in any way we can. may i ask. who they are over there. oh, they're interns... graduate students of archaeology departments. what are they mainly tasked with. they assist their professors during restoration or verification. hello there. have we met. no, but you're famous... a celebrity chef and a doctor. oh... sumi's boyfriend. oh yeah, that's right... i'm better known as sumi's boyfriend. you must have spent many sleepless nights preparing for the opening. well, it's not just the opening... graduate students are used to burning the midnight oil. what was i thinking choosing archaeology... it opens no door. i had such high expectations, growing up playing tomb rider, thinking i could be lara soft. for me it was nate draak of uncharters. unchart... what the hell is that. that is usually the case... so many great movies or games can have a big influence. tell me about it... our professor chose this path after watching indian johns. did you choose your path based on some medical drama. i'm more of a book person. i know from experience how hard some professors can be. no one like my professor... he won't accept no for an answer... and he needs me all the time. but they are the ones who grade our thesis and provide recommendation letters... so. i can relate to that... i had a hard time with my thesis too. masters. phd. how did you get there at such a young age. my thesis was about qigong healing... i can show you some of the fatigue relief massage skills. really... me first. that is. qigong massage has cosmetic functions too. really... is this for sumi all the time. that is amazing... i feel so refreshed. it has that effect. is there a toilet nearby. yes... right around that corner. be sure to rush to the ladies once i'm finished. nothing like relieving yourself to be freed from all that pent up stress. now. wow... that's perfect for constipation. oh my god... it's coming. your turn. oh, i'm fine thank you. at least let me check your pulse then. it's unstable... is something bothering you. you can tell that just by my pulse. certainly... it can also tell if someone is telling the truth or not. it seems like your concerns involve the current exhibition. there's a counterfeit among the items on display, right. what... that's preposterous. see how your pulse changes... a tell tale sign. let go. who else knows about this. very well... is he your professor. we have our saboteur. what... so quickly. that professor appears to have used his students to cover up his tracks. professor oh. could we have a moment of your time. yes... of course. he's gained quite the fame as a traditional korean medicine practitioner. oh... i think i've seen him on tv. i think i've seen you on tv too. lee would like to check your pulse... would you indulge us. my pulse. ha ha ha... but of course... please go ahead. so steady... either he is innocent, or feels no guilt about his crime. so how is it. i'm curious prof... did you swap a relic with a counterfeit you created. what on earth are you saying. disturbance. sir, what is this man talking about. oh... where is the real relic. of course they're here at the museum... i don't know why you would even ask me that. you're lying. on what grounds are you accusing me of that... do you know who i am. what the... what do you think you're doing. oh is compromised... the ministers of culture and foreign affairs are. give it back. director kang... what is the meaning of this. oh, that. we should confiscate the phones. sir, may i ask what's going on right now. we believe some relics have been replaced with counterfeit items. i regret to inform you that an internal probe of the foreign and cultural ministries revealed evidence of the real relics being sold in the black market. we are gathered here to check everyone and leave can you trace who the text was being sent to. i'm on it. is that true... they pulled it from right under us. we've worked so long and hard to make this happen... and now. how the hell could someone dedicated to this field do you have no rights to do this... i'm calling my lawyer. have you no shame as a fellow scholar of culture and history. translation by dan c. the museum of modern art. hello, i'm officer jeong from seoul metropolitan police special investigation unit... our team is in charge of cultural relic related crimes. we will track down everyone involved in every part of this operation, including the masterminds and the smugglers as well as any individual or organization linked to them... they will be brought to justice, i assure you that. sir, i don't know if you'll remember me... but i was one of your students in college. oh, really. i didn't know one of my students will grow up to be a law enforcer. when i heard about the opportunity to be a part of an investigative unit focusing on cultural relic related crimes, i had to jump in. if you have any questions or queries about the investigations, please feel free to contact us. that wrapped up quickly... i didn't think they'd be arrested right away. investigations into crimes involving cultural relics begin with immediate arrests. now it's up to the police... all we can do is wait. well, the foreign ministry has got a lot of work to be done, retrieving smuggled relics is our job. what a day... let's end it on a high note with some pork loaf and soju. yes, let's. some of the cultural artifacts returned from china were smuggled overseas, while counterfeits took their place in korea. the prosecution conducted a joint investigation with the culture and foreign ministries to track down and arrest the culprits that swapped the items with fakes to sell the real ones. this case sent shockwaves across the nation, as the key culprits involved turned out to be esteemed public figures including a museum director and renowned professors that were involved in the authenticity verification process. slept like a log. up already. you should sleep more to get adjusted to the new timezone. your massage did the trick... i've never been so well rested. wash up then... i'll cook. wow... that looks delicious. i'm not sure how it'll taste, since you said you wanted a low calorie diet. they taste good... can't believe they're healthy alternatives that's supposed to help me watch my weight. glad you like 'em. the hell with my career... let's set up shop in the states and sell these dishes... we'll be filthy rich. are you having financial issues. finish up... time to go train and work on your action scenes. i just wanna stick by you for a bit longer... i've only just got back to korea. be my personal trainer... you're more than qualified. well, there's a clear difference between knowing how to fight and knowing the right choreography that makes action scenes look awesome. can it... let's just do a movie together. my upcoming project is on hold because we can't find the right male lead... not enough real action stars. me... action star... naw. don't be modest... you've had ample experience hosting tv shows and working on multiple action scenes. i'm only good for action scenes... long takes. just do a little script read with me. there's also a steamy love scene involved. want some other guy to be in that role. i want to be a better actor. do you want acting experience points. acting 3000. acting is both action and expression. the book took me to ancient athens in my dream. there, i was a poet, a playwright, and an actor. the poet used experience many different people's lives. he used the knowledge and experience gained to better understand the human psyche and express it in various ways. he beat aeschylus, a seasoned senior in the dionysis tragedy competition, and rose to prominence. his name. sophocles. this book. made us go through a lot. but if it wasn't for this book i may never have married you. here we go again. so what other knowledge and experience do you seek to gain with the newly earned points. let's see... perhaps something to help with our life as a couple. i'm all for that. there are moments like that for everyone. moments when you just want to leave your peaceful routine behind and set off on a new adventure. marriage gave me a sense of stability. but i always missed those times when i'd go searching for experiences to write into my exp book. anticipation... uncertainty. all of that. is why i ended up on a plane to america. are you heading to the states for the korean medicine licensing exam. i'm on my way to take the same exam... what a coincidence. yeah, it is. planning to open a clinic in the u... s... too. then you're. ah, i'm lee jong seok. i'm tak myeong jin. open a clinic in america. lately, western countries have been really interested in eastern acupuncture. korea is packed with clinics, so the competition is brutal. just in my neighborhood alone, there are three korean medicine clinics. in the u... s... , korean medicine is getting attention as an alternative medicine. if we focus on pain relief and general wellness rather than direct treatment, it might actually be more competitive than in korea. don't you want to open your own clinic, jong seok. i haven't really thought that far ahead yet. still, having a u... s... license will come in handy somehow... do you have a place to stay in america. i know someone in l... a... who runs a restaurant... i'm planning to stay with them for a bit. l... a... international airport. what brings you to l... a. i'm here to take the california acupuncture license exam. an acupuncturist... that's the person who does the needles, right. i once got acupuncture for my back pain, and it worked really well... are you good with needles. then i wish you luck. is this that infamous u... s... customs check... they say it's because of terrorism and all, but wow, they're strict. a carry on without a long handle. i'm sure i saw people with that same kind of suitcase a little while ago. what are the odds that several people all have the exact same suitcase... and every single one has the long handle broken off. that kind of thing doesn't really happen, does it... suitcases these days are super sturdy. this feels bad... i wanted a new experience, but i wasn't expecting things to go wrong from the airport. excuse me a moment. stop. there are some suspicious people. did you spot someone suspicious. i've seen several people carrying suitcases with no long handle. several. to be exact, six of them... all with the same suitcase. where are they now. one on each of lines 1 through 5, and one already walked out. six suspicious persons spotted at baggage inspection... watch anyone whose suitcase is missing the long handle. everyone, please take your seats. daniel, check the person holding the suitcase at eleven o'clock... they could be dangerous, so be careful. please come this way. we need to run a check. are you with those people over there. i don't know them. you don't know them, but you all have the same suitcase. and all the handles are missing, too. this is getting serious. the handle. gah. fast... and strong. this is bad. don't move. i'm a doctor. he's with us. he's bleeding badly... i think i need to help him. this is serious. thankfully, the bullet didn't hit any vital organs. the bleeding's slowing down. i'm lee jong seok... are you alright. the shrapnel is lodged in your chest, but it didn't pierce any organs. then... i'm going to live. i'm donald... i'll make sure to repay this debt. where's the medical team. they'll be here soon. small casing, and not much gunpowder... it wouldn't be lethal from a distance, so why fire like this and risk everything. a diversion. you said it's still lethal at close range, right. that's true, but. what if they fired at close range, caught everyone off guard, then snatched the dead officer's gun. then there'd be a shootout. and what happens then. the airport swat team and the police would be deployed. we've received intel that there may be more terrorists inside the airport. it's a trap... this is definitely a trap... they're drawing everyone's attention here so they can strike somewhere else. lee was right... as soon as we moved our forces, terrorists appeared in another area as well. then did we catch them all. we're sharing intel over the radio... it should be resolved shortly. us apprehend the terrorists. i just did what anyone should do. i... a un sung jung. place is pretty packed. do you have a reservation. could you tell chef kim hyun soo that lee jong seok is here to see him. ah, chef... he's here. jong seok. hyung. stop... jong seok, shower and get changed first. what on earth happened to you... weren't you supposed to arrive around lunchtime. well... america really is america. what's that supposed to mean. i got off the plane, terrorists started shooting up the airport. that actually happened. be careful... you'll see soon enough—there are plenty of crazies walking around strapped here. oh... got it... i'll keep that in mind. do you want to just head in and rest today. i just got here... i should at least look around a bit. jong seok, your liver skewer really is the best. so the taste itself isn't good. no way... the doneness on the meat is perfect. this is the most popular korean barbecue at yunsongjeong. yo~. i just hope it suits american tastes. it's good... really good. sweet, yet rich and savory... the flavor's outstanding. so toning down the spice and cranking up the sweetness really was the answer. it must take some serious management to keep a place this big running. jong seok, you really went through a lot today. i just did what i had to do. getting caught up in a shooting at the airport, then cooking through dinner service on top of that's enough for one day... go get some rest. and flashy, too. your place is massive. everything's big in america. it really did feel wide open. and the gaps are just as big. geon gon gu gong. finally, i can breathe a little. what kind of things are waiting for me from here on out. break time. jong seok... where are you headed. i'm just going out for a bit. you sure you'll be okay alone. you've got your lawyer's number and a phone in a country full of lawyers... what's there to worry about. hollywood. i've only ever seen this place on screen... seeing it in person is wild. excuse me, are you korean. i thought i heard you speaking korean just now. ah, yes... i am... so you're korean too. wait, isn't he. that person from the youtube video that's been trending. it really is him, right. um, is this. this was from yesterday. so that's what i looked like. i never thought i'd run into the star of that youtube video here. i didn't even know someone had filmed and uploaded me. did you actually learn martial arts... black belt... former cop. neither... i'm a korean medicine doctor. a korean medicine doctor. since we ran into a fellow korean here, do you want to join us if you're heading up to griffith park. a terrorist suddenly swinging a hook at the airport gate... that must've been terrifying. thankfully, everyone reacted quickly... it could've gotten really bad. oh, where are my manners... we're choi mi hyang and choi mi jin. i'm lee jong seok... so you two came here on a sisters' trip. yeah, my sister and i managed to line up our vacation time, so we came together... did you come alone, jong seok. i'm here for an exam, not a trip... my wife's back in korea. the view is great here... let's take a picture. wow, amazing... no wonder people call this the jewel of l... a. it really is a beautiful view. we're going to grab some drinks. did something good happen. on the way here, some white guys tried to hit on us... they bought these for us. they didn't do anything like bottle spiking, did they. come on, we're not idiots... we're careful about that kind of thing. then they were probably just trying to pick you up. he was handsome. ptoo. drugs. there's a faint but strange medicinal and marijuana smell in the water. they covered the taste with flavored lemon soda. lemon sparkling water naturally flavored 12 fl oz (355 ml). these guys came prepared. his pulse is off. the pulse is a little fast, but the body feels sluggish. did they mix a sedative and a stimulant together. jong seok... is something wrong. both of you, come here. you need to make yourselves throw up right now. there was something in the water you drank. something in the water. it seems more like a sedative than a stimulant... try pressing here and rotating your finger. is this... fast. you're feeling a little floaty but your body feels heavy, right. alright, come over here for a moment. you creep. stay calm. this is lee jong seok... you helped me out yesterday. i'm at griffith observatory park... there are some men giving drug laced water to women here. it looks like they mixed a sedative with marijuana... they've been following these women. are you with those women right now. i'll contact the local police... try to stay where there are people around and wait. they're following us. should we be heading down right now. i'll keep you safe... trust me. we saw the video we know... you made it through that whole airport chaos in one piece, after all. there should be officers at the observatory entrance by now... don't approach those men on your own... they might be armed. alright, follow me. drugging women just to take advantage of them... disgusting. since they're walking unsteadily, i can't tell exactly how bad their condition is yet. lee... donald filled me in... where are the ones who spiked the drinks. at your two o'clock... three tall men model types. okay, got them. act like your legs are giving out. act like my legs are giving out. just lean on me. let go of her. you bastard. he's fast. eat this. you son of a. thanks for the help. he's out cold. with the drugs in his system, the shock must've hit him all at once. hey... you. mind if i take a look. back in korea, yes. when's the ambulance getting here. about two minutes. 6:27 pm. and how long to the trauma center. ten to fifteen minutes. the transfusion will begin at 6:50. remember this... 6:50 p... m. got it. police. first drinks those ladies were given... if you test them, you'll find both their fingerprints and the drugs. lemon spark water. are these two the victims. since you're victims, we'll need to take a brief statement. please don't worry too much. i just realized we never even introduced ourselves... thank you so much for today. it's nothing. i'm already stressing about how we're supposed to keep traveling tomorrow. um... would you maybe want to come with us. i've got my own schedule to keep, unfortunately. ah... that's too bad. stick to crowded places, and if anything happens, call the police right away. okay... we will. then, i'll get going. hey, mr... how's your leg... feeling any better. i'm alive thanks to you, mr... the doctor said if i'd bled a little more, it could've been fatal. they told me the artery in my thigh was cut, and kept asking how on earth you managed to stop the bleeding. sounds like you passed on exactly what i told you. six fifty... how could i ever forget that time. sorry for the late intro... i'm carl robin. i'm lee jong seok... just call me lee. lee, i really owe you one. oh, it's nothing... i only did what anyone should. anyway, here... i couldn't just show up empty handed to visit. is this food. looks like a meal. oh, this is really good. it might not suit american tastes, so did you make this yourself, lee. cooking's kind of a hobby of mine. how did you do it. do... what, exactly. stopping the bleeding like that, and knowing the exact time it would start again. ah, that. i pressed on specific acupoints to stop the bleeding. in america, you call the people who insert needles "acupuncturists," right. the spots where they put the needles—those are the points i used. you stopped the bleeding by pressing acupuncture points. have you never tried acupuncture. i hate needles. then how did you know when the bleeding would start again. i controlled his meridians to halt the bleeding,. but there's no way he'll understand that i used martial arts to treat him. i adjusted it so the acupoint would release right around the time you reached the hospital. you can even do that... must be that "mystical eastern medicine," something like that. we have an acupuncturist at this hospital too... maybe i should try a session. is something bothering you. doing police work, there's always something acting up... especially. this here. i took a few bullets, and it still throbs from time to time. so this is what a gunshot wound looks like up close. you've got some blood stasis built up. it means the blood's clotted and stuck in there. is that... bad. of course it's bad. your lower back isn't in great shape either. you said you were going to see an acupuncturist. i figured it'd help to point out what's actually wrong. acupuncture and some cupping would probably do you good. could you do it for me. i don't have a u... s... license, so i really shouldn't lay hands on you. it'd be best to have the acupuncturist here take a look. i kind of want to see how acupuncture and cupping are actually done. weren't you the one who said you hate needles. good for you... and i can at least watch. then let's go. so this is the place. i'm federico mellini, the acupuncturist here... what seems to be the problem. i've got an old wound that still aches from and my lower back isn't great either. would you come this way. this is a great chance to see firsthand how korean medicine is practiced we'll start with physical therapy today, then move on to cupping next time. are we going straight to acupuncture. please, come this way first. go ahead and lie down now. where... did the connection go wrong. dobin too... feels this, right. it doesn't hurt at all. i missed it. control over the current space time. is this a contradiction... or... what failed was. we're not master and disciple or anything... sticking my nose in would just be meddling. stay like this for about fifteen minutes. not all acupuncture is painful. the treatment room is completely visible from outside, i wanted people to see it and feel comfortable coming in... acupuncture's still unknown territory for most westerners. that's pretty fascinating. are you an acupuncturist. you were watching my needling very closely... and you looked a bit puzzled. i'm a korean medicine doctor from korea. ah, so you're from the homeland of korean medicine. then i guess you noticed i skipped those three key points. you left them out on purpose. well... people here really hate pain. as you know, those three acupoints sting a bit more than the others. still, it's not so bad that they couldn't handle it. it's more like a light pinch, but their bias against needles is so strong. once someone actually tries it, they come back... getting them to try that first time is the hard part. that's why i designed the interior like this. westerners really like this kind of vibe. so you're here to take the california acupuncture license exam. it's very different from the korean exam... if you underestimate it, you'll be in big trouble. i'm preparing properly, don't worry. then i said that for nothing... truth is, i'm really interested in korea... i've even thought about studying abroad there. studying abroad. i figured experiencing korean medicine in its homeland would help me grow. in theory... there's not a huge difference... it can vary depending on who you learn from, of course. i agree... it's just... my arthritis worries me. even now, i can't stand it without painkillers. when you take them, how long does the effect last. around ten hours. with acupuncture and herbal treatment together, it should be curable. this feels incredible. how in the world does this work. herbal mix... grind it and place it between your fingers it should help. once you get your license, how about working with us here at the hospital. i didn't come on a work visa for korean medicine. right, there is that. mind if i ask you something too. ask away. from your perspective, what's the main constitutional difference between easterners and westerners. there aren't major differences, but there are subtle ones... for instance, westerners have thicker, stickier earwax compared to easterners. the real details come from actually taking pulses and seeing lots of different cases. get the chance to examine a wide range of patients myself. so, how do you feel. my lower back does feel a bit lighter. if you come in for a few more sessions, it'll get much better. hello, hyung. do we have a car or anything at the restaurant.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrTaxEvasion22 [3 likes]: Bruhhhh didn't we do this one already like 2-3 weeks ago
  2. @manhwa98 [1 likes]: Could you recap reformation of the deadbeat noble plz
  3. @No_name-m7j [1 likes]: demon god of apocalyptic behemoth bro❤
  4. @deepmg6139: Ultimate son in law
  5. @MonalizaBelanizo: Hello bro can you make a recap called lord of money ❤❤❤
  6. @PhulmayaRai-g3j: .
  7. @enno-r.7540: not again🥱
  8. @attitudeproblem5819: ❤❤❤
  9. @BurnwithSensi: Bro you already upload this once …
  10. @MichaelSamuel-vh4rv: Brother please do
The descent of the demonic master or all are returnee’s except me
  11. @sanjaikrishna960: Even though you added a chapter it's shorter than the previous one
  12. @disastermonarch: In this new episode bro just add a single chapter 🙂🙂🙂
  13. @night-p9z: Bro pls change the video pls upload something else I've been waiting for like 4 hours and you upload this
  14. @JohncarloDurano: Why update again 😢😢
  15. @PavanKumar-c9g5w: Devouring dragon manhwa
  16. @PavanKumar-c9g5w: The Lone Spellcaster / Solo Spell Caster manhwa
  17. @PavanKumar-c9g5w: World's Strongest Troll / The Game's Top Troll manhwa
  18. @PavanKumar-c9g5w: Leveling Up, by Only Eating! manhwa
  19. @PavanKumar-c9g5w: admission is a waste of time manga
  20. @samichowdhury2838: Bro didn’t you already make this once before

- MATTHEW PERRY in a TRUE INSPIRING STORY | The Ron Clark Story | Emotional Drama | Movie in English: Kind: captions Language: en Ron Clark, ready for your first day? Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; ma'am. I'll be with you in a minute&nbsp; and I'll introduce you to your class. Hi What happened to you? CJ says I can't learn, so I should&nbsp; go out with the trash. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; settle down. Let's get out our silent reading. I'm Mr. Clark. What's your name?&nbsp; Hadley Craig. Nice to meet you. elbows off. Um, you know, I'm so sorry.&nbsp; I'm so forgetful. What's my name again?&nbsp;&nbsp; It's Mr. Clark. Oh, see, you just learned&nbsp; something. Let's get you out of there, Mr. Clark. Yeah. Is you going&nbsp; to be our new teacher? Ellen,&nbsp;&nbsp; no whispering. Get the&nbsp; chair. My hair. Get the low. We'll arrive at Swan Quarter about 5 like&nbsp; we always do. Pick up the shrimp bait at the&nbsp;&nbsp; general store like we always do and hop the&nbsp; ferry over to over Coke Island for some fine&nbsp;&nbsp; flounder fishing. Like we always do. Well,&nbsp; folks, it's not quite the end of the year&nbsp;&nbsp; summer celebration we expected, but let's&nbsp; take a moment to thank our own Mr. Clark,&nbsp;&nbsp; whose fifth grade class tested number one&nbsp; in Bowfort County for the fourth year in a&nbsp;&nbsp; row. We have a surprise that we have put&nbsp; together for you. Unfortunately, it's outside. Y'all know Mr. Clark began here&nbsp; as a temporary teacher. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've all chipped in on something&nbsp; to help him feel more permanent. I love it here, but I've got to move on, Mom,&nbsp; before they use that parking space for my grave.&nbsp;&nbsp; New York public schools are desperate for good&nbsp; teachers. Newspaper says they're begging for them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dad, every year I tell my students to go for&nbsp; what they want in life. Dream big. Take risks.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's time I started living up to my own words.&nbsp; Oh, I'm going to miss you guys, but I got to go.&nbsp;&nbsp; We understand, sweetie. [Music] Goodbye. [Music]&nbsp; People get killed in New York. [Applause] [Music] [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; This is Radio Rowan Oak where the sun is&nbsp; shining and the temperature is 78°. [Music] News and sports and five Baltimore. But now, let's&nbsp; get ready to rock and roll with the smoking red.&nbsp;&nbsp; That was the mellow midnight voice of Johnny&nbsp; Hartman. This is WNYC in New York City. Next up,&nbsp;&nbsp; something cool on a hot night. [Music] Come on,&nbsp; pal. Get out of the way. Okay, sir. Come on.&nbsp;&nbsp; Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here. Rents due at 10:00. Anybody&nbsp; got money? Cash only. Check out's at 11:30. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is great. And uh what's your name?&nbsp; Yolanda. Thank you, Yolanda. [Music] Hi. New York. Good morning. Good morning. Yolanda, good&nbsp; morning. Do you have a list of the public&nbsp;&nbsp; schools in Harlem? Sure I do, baby. I don't&nbsp; appreciate that. Okay. Thank you. What are you on&nbsp;&nbsp; school listings for? I'm a teacher. And you want&nbsp; to teach? Up in. Yes. Well, then honey, you going&nbsp;&nbsp; to need something else. personal injury lawyers&nbsp; cuz once your way behind goes on up in there,&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll be carrying you back up the same way you&nbsp; went in. Kind of foolishness is this going on up&nbsp;&nbsp; there. I'm trying to teach. You know, I ain't&nbsp; going to get to Okay. Thank you. Bye, baby. [Music] Got to wait. [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you so much for coming in. You're&nbsp; welcome. But if you could just look at my&nbsp;&nbsp; resume. I apologize. We just don't&nbsp; have a position available. All my&nbsp;&nbsp; kids tested above grade level. I'm sure&nbsp; they did. And good luck to you. [Music] Nothing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Ma'am, you forgot your Thank&nbsp; you. You're welcome. Thanks. I'll get. So, my merry men and ladies, let&nbsp; us steal from the rich and help a poor brave&nbsp;&nbsp; waiter go henceforth into the kitchen and&nbsp; command your dinners. Nice hat distracts&nbsp;&nbsp; the customers from that accent. Hey, watch&nbsp; out. I got a bow and arrow. What show you in?&nbsp;&nbsp; Everybody works here as an actor. I'm a teacher.&nbsp; You are going to change before your first class,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Very funny. How about you? Me? Oh, I'm&nbsp; taking a break from acting. The Cleopatra gig&nbsp;&nbsp; is very challenging. Hey, who's that? It's the&nbsp; Queen of Egypt in love with Mark Anthony. No. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, uh, who is that? Marissa, and she's&nbsp; even more beautiful out of costume. I'm Jason,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise known as Mark Anthony. [Music] Sorry.&nbsp; It happens all the time, bro. Don't sweat that. Send it back. Hey, man. You got some fake&nbsp; nails out of [Applause] the class. Hey, enough. Hey, Sean Mitchell. My&nbsp; office now. I'm not playing with your son. I ain't no son. Mr. Socks, what the hell was&nbsp; that? That boy is your student. Not anymore. Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; you walk away. You stay away. You can have&nbsp; the little bastards. I can start right now. You're lucky you got detention&nbsp; and not an assault charge. Hello, I'm Ron Clark. I wanted to let&nbsp; you know I taught fifth grade for four&nbsp;&nbsp; years in North Carolina. You need a teacher.&nbsp; I need a job. So, let's help each other out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Clark, I'm sure you're very sincere,&nbsp; but I'm afraid you might be a little too&nbsp;&nbsp; too what? Too white, too tall, too ugly. Nice. I&nbsp; specialize in raising standardized test scores. This is the honors class. These students&nbsp; score in the top 10 percentile of the state&nbsp;&nbsp; exams every year. We divide each grade into four&nbsp; classes according to their achievement scores.&nbsp;&nbsp; What about this class? This class tested at the bottom of the entire&nbsp; New York City school district. They do seem a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit squirly. Oh, they're a bit more than&nbsp; squirrely. These students have problems with&nbsp;&nbsp; learning, discipline, social skills, like Taan&nbsp; Mitchell. Two strikes going on three towards the&nbsp;&nbsp; juvenile detention center. I'm your man. I have an&nbsp; opening in grade three. If your credentials check,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have an opening right here. No. Last year,&nbsp; this class went through six different teachers&nbsp;&nbsp; before Christmas. Yes. Nobody wants them and&nbsp; I do. So, what's the problem? Test scores are&nbsp;&nbsp; very important to me. It's how I keep my job.&nbsp; I can start right now. You can start on Monday. State exams are in May. You are out of control. You should come back here tomorrow. I think&nbsp; she liked me. High five, bro. Want a break? 200 bucks and nothing. Jeez, you&nbsp; should have heard them in there.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh, Cleo, we got your snake right&nbsp; here. And then they just stiff me. Want to have? Yeah, sure. You're a&nbsp; teacher, Clark. What is it? I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't guys grow up? Oo, I'm afraid my&nbsp; level of expertise expires in the sixth&nbsp;&nbsp; grade. You got a job? Inner Harlem Elementary.&nbsp; I'm going to start meeting my kids tomorrow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh, you might want to hold on to this. Maybe your&nbsp; last meal. No, they're going to love me. [Music] I'd like to meet all the parents, Miss&nbsp; Vasquez, before I start teaching. Julio&nbsp;&nbsp; to get them involved. Julio, who is he? He&nbsp; a clown, Mr. Clark. But he's a good boy. I&nbsp;&nbsp; had him when I was only 14. That's okay. Like&nbsp; Like I was saying, what I I was just saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can help out by working with Julio every night&nbsp; on his homework. Sure. Okay. Together we can get&nbsp;&nbsp; them excited about learning American history,&nbsp; [Music] solar system, pre-alggebra. [Music] I just want Julio to achieve his&nbsp; full potential. So, Mr. Clark,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you married? No. It's very&nbsp; nice to meet you all today. You know, I've never had a student from&nbsp; India before. How do you pronounce your&nbsp;&nbsp; name? Badriia. I like to read especially&nbsp; when white ly men are talking. Okay. Watch that. [Music] Watch it. They lose. [Music] Shemica Wallace. I'm Mr. Clark, your&nbsp; new teacher. I called earlier. It's Saturday,&nbsp;&nbsp; fool. Jamaica, who is it? Nobody. Oh, aren't those&nbsp; your brothers? No, they're my kids. I'm 12 years&nbsp;&nbsp; old and I got three kids. Who are you talking to?&nbsp; I'm Mr. Clark, Shemica's new teacher. What the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell happened to Mr. Solace? Full quit. He's wet.&nbsp; I swear to God, your teachers come in and out of&nbsp;&nbsp; this school. Yeah, I I know that. That That's why&nbsp; I'm here. I was hoping you would work with me. I&nbsp;&nbsp; already got a job, mister. I got two jobs and four&nbsp; kids and a brother up and roll. I'm late for work. [Applause] [Music] Make a man check. I give you a&nbsp; scream and your man respect another [Music] 13 years old. I lay&nbsp; your hand on my chisaction. [Music] You hear me? I'm down on&nbsp; my knees when you tell me that. [Music] I'm going to make a man out&nbsp; of you. Shadow box. [Music] Okay, that's enough. Get&nbsp; moving. Nice to see you, Tan. Good morning, Principal&nbsp; Turner. Okay. Good morning. Oh, hello. I'm Ron Clark.&nbsp; I guess I'll be teaching. [Applause] Thursday, man. I know. Yo, dream big about what?&nbsp; Big wet. You dream about your mama. Take your seats. Yo, teacher. Shemica's feeling&nbsp; sick today. Yeah, sick of damn teachers. Okay, because this is our first day,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have a surprise for all of you. What?&nbsp; I'll tell you, Julio, if you turn around today, there will be no schoolwork.&nbsp; [Music] Shemica, don't do that. Shemica, don't. Well, what? What are you going&nbsp;&nbsp; to do? Suspend me? Go ahead.&nbsp; Suspend me. I want to leave. Sit down. You see this? This means that this year is going&nbsp; to be different. This year is going to be about&nbsp;&nbsp; more than school. This year we are going to be&nbsp; a family. But you don't look nothing like me. I am going to be your family and you are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be my family and that means that I am&nbsp; not leaving and you are not leaving. You have any lip gloss? Yeah. I'll tell you that's [Music] Don't shoot it. What the hell? Blue. Blue. Yo, well, what do you think? We think it looks stupid. Who vandalized this room? I did, sir. Mrs. Clark, this sort of stunt&nbsp; me going over big and Aurora,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it doesn't work for me.&nbsp; My school, my rules, my way. All right. I Oh, put your gum in&nbsp; here. Come in here. Hurry up. All&nbsp;&nbsp; the gum in this jar. The gum jar. Come&nbsp; on. Come on. Right in here. Hey. No. I&nbsp;&nbsp; see you. Come on. Right in there.&nbsp; Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. To your left. Left. More left.&nbsp; They're just testing you. They want to&nbsp;&nbsp; see if you really care. See if I care.&nbsp; They weren't even looking at me. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; one of them was, but I think he was picturing&nbsp; me in a dark alley. We have to turn this out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ow. Ow. Do these legs come out? All right.&nbsp; I think it looks good right there. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; school's supposed to be exciting. Okay. Now you&nbsp; sound like one of those dumbass commercials that&nbsp;&nbsp; used to come on at the cartoons on Saturday&nbsp; morning. So what? You didn't like school?&nbsp;&nbsp; School sucked. I hated it. Yeah, well, if I&nbsp; was your teacher, you would have loved it. Ron, just relax. Step away from the table. Yeah, that's what I was doing. So, now that you helped me move, I guess I have to&nbsp; be your drive you to the airport, feed your fish,&nbsp;&nbsp; never forget your birthday kind of friend. Uh,&nbsp; not to mention my cover my weekend shift because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to LA with Jason Friends. He's going to&nbsp; meet some producers. cuz you know he's trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; get out of the daytime heart thr thing. So, how&nbsp; long you two been going out? Almost 2 years. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, we're not living together or anything.&nbsp; He's busy. I'm busy. But it's good. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; it sounds good. All right. Well, we got 3&nbsp; hours before our shift. Who's hungry? Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you're a union mover. This is&nbsp; going to cost me a pizza, huh? Can I have your attention, please?&nbsp; No, not really. Before we start today,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like to go over three rules&nbsp; for this class. If you follow them,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will all have a lot of fun. If you do&nbsp; not follow them, there will be consequences. You all remember rule number one. We are a&nbsp; family. Give me a damn break, man. We're not in&nbsp;&nbsp; kindergarten. That means we help each other out.&nbsp; We stand up for each other. We defend each other.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rule number two, we respect each other. Hey, you&nbsp; will call me sir. Not man, not dog, not fool. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you are asked a question, you will say yes sir&nbsp; or no sir. Not yep, nope. Uh-uh. Nuh-uh. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; nuh-uh. Respect Julio Vasquez. You will not&nbsp; talk unless I call on you. If I am talking,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are listening with your eyes right here.&nbsp; Rule number three. We will form a line to enter&nbsp;&nbsp; and exit class and go to lunch. Come on. Are&nbsp; you kidding me? Shemica. What? What? Sir. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Shemica, thank you. For what? Reminding&nbsp; me about rule number four. No smacking of&nbsp;&nbsp; lips and rolling of the eyes. If you break&nbsp; one of these rules, your name will go up on&nbsp;&nbsp; the board. So stupid. If you break another rule,&nbsp; you will get a check. If you break a third rule, hey Hi. What you reading? Nothing. I didn't read that book till high school. Tell&nbsp; you get that that seventh, man. Odds 10 to&nbsp;&nbsp; one. That's big bucks, man. That's big bucks.&nbsp; What's Julio doing, man? Come on. Tell you,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. I don't know why you want to taking&nbsp; bets on you. On me. It's okay. I'm telling&nbsp;&nbsp; you. The last guy was when you're going to quit&nbsp; tomorrow. My source say he's going to be gone&nbsp;&nbsp; by Friday. Gambling is illegal. Especially when&nbsp; you're 12. And by the way, I'm not leaving. Yo,&nbsp;&nbsp; come on, dog. How am I supposed to make some&nbsp; paper out here? Boy, something smells really&nbsp;&nbsp; good in here. Could I ask a favor of you ladies?&nbsp; I just wanted to uh know if Dr. King talked about&nbsp;&nbsp; justice rolling down like waters here. Pass&nbsp; this around, guys. and righteousness like a&nbsp;&nbsp; mighty stream. It's like on a uh hot day when you&nbsp; go outside and whoosh, somebody opens up a fire&nbsp;&nbsp; hydrant and there's water streaming all over&nbsp; the place and everybody's running around and&nbsp;&nbsp; going crazy. That's what Dr. King wanted justice&nbsp; and freedom to feel like. So tonight, after we've&nbsp;&nbsp; gone over Dr. King's speech, I want you all to&nbsp; start a journal about your dreams and aspirations. Hey man, it's L. What's up? Rule number&nbsp; three. We all line up to go to the lunchroom. You know what? Here's my rule. I ain't standing&nbsp; no line. Oh, okay, Shemica. But because we are&nbsp;&nbsp; all a family, if one of us doesn't get in line&nbsp; for the lunchroom, then none of us gets lunch. We're star [Music] very quietly. Two lines right up&nbsp; against the wall. That's good.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's good. Nice and quiet. Oh,&nbsp; looks like somebody's not hungry. Stop fighting. Let's go. [Music] No talking [Music] and stop. Shemica, did you cut in line? No, sir. I did not.&nbsp;&nbsp; You do know that I have eyes in the back&nbsp; of my head, right? I was here. Ask her. All right, we're all going to stand here&nbsp; until Shemica decides to tell the truth. I didn't cut in no line. Hey, you're in Mr. Clark's class. No food. Yo, come on, Mr. Clock. I'm starving,&nbsp; man. I'm about to faint out. Julio,&nbsp;&nbsp; get to the back of the line and take that hat off. It's up to you whether we eat or not. Shemica, this is a family and families treat&nbsp;&nbsp; each other with respect. They&nbsp; never ever lie to one another. Did you cut in line? Come on, M. Let's go. We are all just waiting on you. Yeah, thank you. Now, what is rule number five? No. That's right. Now, go eat. Time. I'm proud of you.&nbsp; Thanks a lot. Yeah. my daughter now. Uh-huh. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom. I miss you, too. Yeah, I know&nbsp; there's a job for me back home,&nbsp;&nbsp; but uh things are going very well here.&nbsp; Morning. Well, it took the kids a little&nbsp;&nbsp; while to warm up to me. Yeah, honestly,&nbsp; we are getting along great. [Music] Oh, baby. I want you all to take a good look around at your&nbsp;&nbsp; new clean room. But ugly.&nbsp; Not the colors. Whatever. I'm not going to ask who&nbsp; wrecked it. Eyes right here. I was hoping we could have fun this&nbsp; year. And I think that we still can,&nbsp;&nbsp; but only after you learn to follow all of my&nbsp; rules. and you will follow all of my rules. First of all, he a freak. Take your seats. Call&nbsp; me sir. Too many damn rules, man. Telling us how&nbsp;&nbsp; to do this and do that. Making us walk around in&nbsp; a damn line. He ain't my daddy. He could be your&nbsp;&nbsp; daddy. You don't know. You should talk, girl.&nbsp; Excuse me. Shut up. All I'm saying is this is&nbsp;&nbsp; our school. All right. We do what we want.&nbsp; Yeah, cuz he's just going to leave anyways.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's what you said last week, girl. He's&nbsp; still here. You wait. Keep going. I hope not. What? I like Mr. Clark. That's cuz you from&nbsp; a foreign country and you don't know how we&nbsp;&nbsp; do here. How do we do? Do like us, baby.&nbsp; You want to be like us, you got to do like&nbsp;&nbsp; we do. Come on. Yo yo, let's go. Let's go.&nbsp; Yo yo, let's go. Let's go. Hey. Hey. Hey. Strawberry shortcake cream on top.&nbsp; Tell me the name of your A C V. Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's really good. Shemica, you're&nbsp; really good at this. Don't let him get it. Hey. Hey. Go to your seat. What? Yeah. Go to your room,&nbsp;&nbsp; Julio. Hey, who's talking to you? No. Was&nbsp; I talking to you? You going to hit me?&nbsp;&nbsp; No, but you did break rule number&nbsp; two. You going to hit me, sir? You think that's funny? Shemica, you're in charge. Hey, Sean, look. Don't do this. Hey, look. I know&nbsp; you have two strikes. You walk out now, they'll&nbsp;&nbsp; spell you for sure. Just get back in there. Why?&nbsp; because I would miss your glowing personality. Mr. Turner doesn't have to know anything&nbsp; about this. Just give yourself another chance. Hey, you still cool with helping me&nbsp; move my new dresser on Saturday? Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely. I mean, Jason would help,&nbsp; but you've got the fly blue car,&nbsp;&nbsp; so this is supposed to be well done. It is well&nbsp; done. What are you talking about? It's rare. Fine,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll burn it. Just take out the rest of the&nbsp; order. I know how to do my job. Congratulations. On what? officially becoming a&nbsp; New Yorker. You ready? Oh, yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; babe. I'll be right there. Okay, well,&nbsp; you better go. Hey. Whoa, whoa, whoa,&nbsp;&nbsp; whoa. Don't get the parsley. Thank you. [Music]&nbsp; Raquel Arenas. Raquel, do you have your journal? Mm-m. Alita Sanchez, Shemica Wallace. Sheica, did you bring your&nbsp; Dr. King journal? Nope. Got no dreams to keep. Bedria. Julio Vasquez. Sorry I couldn't get to it, boss. Why are you all doing this? Got better things&nbsp; to do. Yo. Oops. My bad. Forgot to say, yo,&nbsp;&nbsp; sir. Guess I get a check. You want to&nbsp; get a detention? You know, I really,&nbsp;&nbsp; really like your nail polish. Thank you.&nbsp; My mama. Look at me when I talk to you. My&nbsp;&nbsp; double bad. Another check. Look at me.&nbsp; What am I supposed to do? Go to hell. You win. You did it, girl. Bounce. down. Hey, what happened? Why aren't you in school, kid?&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't want to talk about it. Just show&nbsp; me New York. I've been here for 3 months.&nbsp;&nbsp; I haven't seen a damn thing today. All&nbsp; right, let's go see some damn things. You know, when I was a kid, I used to call it&nbsp; the entire state building. That's cute. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know what? We walked the entire island in&nbsp; a monsoon. I bought you three pretzels and two&nbsp;&nbsp; hot dogs. Now you're going to do something&nbsp; for me. Anything. Tell me what happened. I shook a desk with a 12-year-old kid&nbsp; in it. I wanted to throw it and purr&nbsp;&nbsp; right out the window. Well, they've&nbsp; seen that kind of mango before. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; not from me. I I totally lost her. What?&nbsp; You feel helpless? They feel that way&nbsp;&nbsp; every day. These kids can do anything I'm&nbsp; asking them to do more. They just won't. So today I gave up. [Applause] Don't give up on Oh, yeah. How long has it&nbsp; been since you've auditioned? I don't know. 2 years and 7 months. What? Broadway's not going to miss me if&nbsp; I'm gone. Those kids, they'll miss you. Maybe you can be that one guy&nbsp; that turns it around for them. Mr. Clark was crazy mad on Friday, you&nbsp; know? I think he's gone for good. I say&nbsp;&nbsp; we should just all go home. Think so?&nbsp; Yeah. Well, thanks for your advice,&nbsp;&nbsp; son. But if Mr. Clark isn't in his class, I'm&nbsp; sure we can find someone to cover for him. Why&nbsp;&nbsp; we ought to do that? Good morning, Julio.&nbsp; Mr. Turner fool came back. Fool did indeed. What's he doing? He's crazy. Everybody take&nbsp; a look around. Within these four walls,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can be strangers or you can be a family. Within these four walls can be the end of&nbsp; your story or you can make it a beginning. A beginning that is better than anything you&nbsp; ever imagined possible. Since I got here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have not listened to me once. Yeah. So, here's the deal. Today, we are going to&nbsp; learn grammar. If you are quiet and you listen,&nbsp;&nbsp; every 15 seconds I will drink a chocolate milk.&nbsp; If you can do it, you may get to see me puke. So, do we have a deal? Okay, good.&nbsp; Julio, yes. This is not for you to eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want you to watch the clock and every 15&nbsp; seconds bang the jar with the ruler like&nbsp;&nbsp; that. All right. When I hear the gong, I will&nbsp; slam down one of these. The time starts now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every sentence has a subject and a verb. What the hell is a boomerang? Shut up,&nbsp;&nbsp; Alita. I guess you guys don't want to&nbsp; see me drink all the chocolate milk. The verb expresses action in the sentence. In this sentence, Oh my good work. Work work. [Applause]&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, can anybody tell me&nbsp; the verb in this sentence? Feels. Yes. Yes. You going&nbsp; to puke now, Mr. Clark? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. All right. Keep going. Hey, can you guys teach me how to do that? Oh, you don't think I can learn how&nbsp; to do that? No. Okay. All right. I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; make you a deal. If I learn how to&nbsp; double Dutch, then you guys got to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn something from me. What? Everything&nbsp; you need to know for the seventh grade. All right. So, you going to jump? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Just go a little a little&nbsp; slower. Nuh-uh. You got to do like All right. All right. Ready, set, go. Come on, man. You ain't dancing.&nbsp; You jumping. Oh, come on now. Hey. Hey, Mr. Turner. This is fun. You&nbsp; really think it appropriate to do this&nbsp;&nbsp; with the students? Well, I'm certainly&nbsp; not going to double dutch with you. teaching. I am. The year's half over. I gave you&nbsp; this class so you can drill some basic facts into&nbsp;&nbsp; their head. These kids are at the bottom of the&nbsp; barrel. Don't talk about them like that. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; all I'm asking is for your students to pass. Oh,&nbsp; every one of my students will pass. What? They&nbsp;&nbsp; become somebody else's problems. The problem&nbsp; isn't the kids. It's not even what they can&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve. The problem is what you expect them to&nbsp; achieve. You are setting the bar here. Why? Set&nbsp;&nbsp; it up here. They can make it. This community&nbsp; judges us by scores. Government funding judges&nbsp;&nbsp; us by scores. People who give me scores, they&nbsp; get my respect. Okay, good. In May, they'll&nbsp;&nbsp; all test at grade level. I don't see how that's&nbsp; possible. No, I'm sorry. Did I say grade level?&nbsp;&nbsp; I meant above grade level. Every single one of&nbsp; those kids in that class just wants your respect.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hell, I want your respect. You want my&nbsp; respect? Stop acting like a 12-year-old. I always wanted to go rock climbing, but there&nbsp; I was on the edge of this cliff, ropes on me,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my friends are yelling, "Jump, jump, jump."&nbsp; And I look down and it is a long way down. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm on the cliff and I'm yelling, "I can't. I&nbsp; can't. I can't." And my friends are yelling,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, you can. You can do it. Jump, jump,&nbsp; jump." And I did. I thought I was going to die,&nbsp;&nbsp; but when I jumped out, it felt like I was flying.&nbsp; I did something that I never thought I could do,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was pretty cool. Now, you guys may not&nbsp; know this, but in this classroom, we're rock&nbsp;&nbsp; climbing every day. We are climbing up and up and&nbsp; up, and we are there, and now it's time to jump. Now, I know you're scared, but I want you to do&nbsp; it. I want you to jump. I want you guys to feel&nbsp;&nbsp; what it's like to fly. So, I want each of you to&nbsp; come up here and light one of these candles. Okay?&nbsp;&nbsp; Come on up, guys. And when you light a candle,&nbsp; it symbolizes that we are joined together. And&nbsp;&nbsp; if you trust me, you can learn more than you&nbsp; ever dreamed of. And that's a promise. [Music] the Revolutionary War, industrialism,&nbsp; the Civil War, the Civil Rights Movement.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want you all to get the great big picture&nbsp; of American history. That's why this year&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to learn all 42 presidents&nbsp; of the United States in order. No, no,&nbsp;&nbsp; no. Once you know the presidents, it'll&nbsp; be easy to remember what and when. Now you got to go down. None of you pass the test and&nbsp; there is going to be punishment. I want you to pass these all around. Now, let's get down to some presidential&nbsp; learning. We'll start with George Washington&nbsp;&nbsp; straight from Mount Vernon. First president and&nbsp; commander and chief fought the Revolutionary&nbsp;&nbsp; War so we could be free. John Adams was&nbsp; second, Thomas Jefferson third. When we&nbsp;&nbsp; fought for independence, their voices were&nbsp; heard. When in the course of human events,&nbsp;&nbsp; we took a stand and we've been doing it&nbsp; since. It's a tribute to the leaders of&nbsp;&nbsp; the USA. It's a president's rap.&nbsp; All right. All right. Okay. Okay. It's a tribute to the leaders of&nbsp; the USA. It's a president's rap.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a president's right. All&nbsp; right. All right. Okay. Okay. [Music] USA. All right. All right. All right. Back to your seats. Back. Back. Back to&nbsp;&nbsp; your seats. It's a president's rat. All&nbsp; right. All right. Okay. Okay. [Music] R&nbsp;&nbsp; to the O to the nizzle. R to the O&nbsp; to the nizzle. Rizzle. R to the O. Rizzle. Thank you, Mr. A. Come on. Hey, good&nbsp; job, Shimmy. Kissle. Thank you, Mr. Clark. Never told you, too. Straight up.&nbsp; Now, give it up for your sizzle&nbsp;&nbsp; cells. [Music] It's okay to be proud&nbsp; of yourself for doing well on a test. Come on, come on, let's go. Oh my god. So, look&nbsp; number 13. Right. Right. You hold up for a minute. Wanted to ask a favor of you.&nbsp; Me? Could you after your pockets,&nbsp;&nbsp; please? I believe this constitutes an&nbsp; illegal search, sir. Right on the desk. that morning at your house. Your&nbsp; mother's purse. No, no, you see,&nbsp;&nbsp; you got it all wrong. Me and&nbsp; her have this deal. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I take care of her and she takes care of me. You&nbsp; see? No, I don't. But you about to tell me that&nbsp;&nbsp; crime doesn't pay. Sometimes it costs. And in&nbsp; this case, three 1-hour study sessions with me. I mean, for real, you should be working. Little&nbsp; brother, team, make yourself some easy money,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. I got enough trouble. The&nbsp; man don't care about no kid.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's too busy to take you down&nbsp; today. I'm telling you. J Sean, you hit five son. What's up? Nah, man. He&nbsp; ain't no police. He's just uh some fool,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. I'll handle him. Don't worry,&nbsp; y'all. I got some fool is trust. You okay? Yeah, I'm cool.&nbsp; I wanted to bring you this. Here could bring up your math and English with&nbsp; some extra help. Tomorrow's Saturday. I can&nbsp;&nbsp; meet you at the coffee shop by the&nbsp; school. I'll buy you lunch. [Music] I'll be there at noon. Noon. [Music] Can I take that now? Too&nbsp; bad he didn't show up. Here [Music] I am. Not even 2:00. I'm early,&nbsp; sir. Down for study session. Numero t. Okay, let me get three cards up on the flop&nbsp; and then we get another two cards up. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that's five cards up. Can you add those for&nbsp; me? No, we got to bet first. I bet five fake&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars. Well, I'll call. And that's 36. Looks&nbsp; good. Now, what's the square root of that? Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; square root. Okay, I think the square root is&nbsp; what number multiplied by itself gives you 36? Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; six. That's good. So, what you got? Pair of&nbsp; sevens. Well, I guess I get all the chips&nbsp;&nbsp; because I got three cents. Pay up, dog.&nbsp; Want to go again? Yeah, sure. All right. Shemica Wallace, didn't we have an&nbsp; appointment after school today? Must&nbsp;&nbsp; have slipped my mind. We have to talk about&nbsp; you turning in your homework. I told you the&nbsp;&nbsp; fire alarm keeps going off in my building.&nbsp; Three times this week. Get busy. Forget last night. and I just didn't do&nbsp; a good enough job. Would you like&nbsp;&nbsp; to show me your homework? I'm&nbsp; sure I can help you with it. This is really close. We can fix this. Yeah, for&nbsp; reals. Sure, we can work on it right now. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; a few spelling mistakes and just arrange&nbsp; some of the paragraphs different. Yeah, [Applause] [Music] she's been fussy all day.&nbsp; I think maybe he's going to feed her. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you, Mrs. Spencer. Mr. Clark, I&nbsp; I can't work on my paper right now. I&nbsp;&nbsp; got to go make dinner. I'll do it. You'll&nbsp; do what? I'll make dinner and you work on&nbsp;&nbsp; your paper. Okay. Okay. Start with that third&nbsp; paragraph. Okay. Hi. Okay. Where's the food? Dinner served. I'm trying to concentrate.&nbsp; Concentrate later. Dinner served. I tried&nbsp;&nbsp; like you said. I moved the third paragraph and it&nbsp; sounds really good. Okay, now that's for you. And&nbsp;&nbsp; who gets the baby food? Peter. Okay, you're&nbsp; going to like this. This looks really good. What's he doing here? He made us dinner. You don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think I can take care of my&nbsp; family, Mr. Clark? No. Yes. Please leave my house. I come home to find him in my kitchen cooking&nbsp; for my family. This girl has a job to do. Miss&nbsp;&nbsp; Wallace, can we please not talk about Shemica like&nbsp; she's not in the room? I'll talk any way I want.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, I send my daughter to school to be educated.&nbsp; I don't expect a teacher to bring school up in my&nbsp;&nbsp; house. It's called homework. Excuse me. She has&nbsp; too much of it to be babysitting all the time. Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Clark, she has more potential than any kid in my&nbsp; class. Why can't you see that? How dare you? How&nbsp;&nbsp; are you going to tell me what I should and should&nbsp; not see in my daughter? I'm merely suggesting that&nbsp;&nbsp; you give her a chance. I'm taking my child home&nbsp; now. The white tornado here better not be teaching&nbsp;&nbsp; at the school when I bring her back tomorrow.&nbsp; Miss Wallace, I can assure you I will deal&nbsp;&nbsp; with this situation. Come on, please don't fire,&nbsp; Mr. Clark. He was just trying to help me. Mama,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's just trying to help. It's It's okay.&nbsp; Please don't leave cuz of me, Mr. Clark. Miss Wallace, wait. I'll meet you outside. Why are&nbsp; you doing this? You gave her these grand ideas and&nbsp;&nbsp; this world's just going to crush her down. Okay.&nbsp; I don't believe that. So, you're just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; drop into our life and now you know all about&nbsp; it, right? I just know she's a great student,&nbsp;&nbsp; a born leader, creative, intelligent. Shemica.&nbsp; Ma Shemica. Yes. If she tests well enough in May,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think we might be able to get her into Manhattan&nbsp; West for middle school. That's for gifted kids. Um, maybe Miss Benton can keep the boys&nbsp; a little longer every day. Okay. Okay. Morning, Mr. Clark. Morning. Morning, Mr. Clark.&nbsp; Mr. Clark. Julia, did you do this? Morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Clark. You like it, Mr. Clark? It's really&nbsp; good. You got quite a talent for this. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's one of my minis, dog.&nbsp; Sir, thanks. Good morning. Yo, what up, Tay? Don't you like me, Mr. Clark? Yeah,&nbsp; don't hate on me cuz I got skills.&nbsp;&nbsp; Skills? You mean being a straightup&nbsp; punk? You real good at that? Yo,&nbsp;&nbsp; come on, Tay. Just chill out. You telling me to&nbsp; chill, homie? You telling me to chill? Come on,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. I mean, Mr. Clark likes that art crap, okay?&nbsp; So, he thought I did it and I just went with it. I don't know anything. I'm sorry. Superintendent Stevens has joined us to determine&nbsp; if Taan Mitchell should be expelled from Inner&nbsp;&nbsp; Harlem Elementary. I vote yes. Send him to Juvie.&nbsp; This isn't a democracy. Mr. Bmpton. Howard,&nbsp;&nbsp; would you let Mr. Turner finish what he was&nbsp; saying? You're his foster parent. You got to&nbsp;&nbsp; say here. We don't need his lazy ass around&nbsp; the house all day. What did you just say? Look, if we expel him, he's only going&nbsp; to fall further behind. Mr. Clark,&nbsp;&nbsp; our students can't simply do what&nbsp; they want with no consequences.&nbsp;&nbsp; What about the consequences for Taan? We are&nbsp; supposed to be keeping these kids in school. That's all just take a step back. Remember that I&nbsp; have eyes in the back of my head. So, stop hiding. This is not a test. This is my phone&nbsp; number. I want you guys to call me if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have any questions about homework, need any&nbsp; advice, or you are in trouble. That's 24/7. Pick up your math workbooks at the front of the&nbsp; class and we have a book report due tomorrow. Remember, there's two variables&nbsp; in this equation. Okay? So,&nbsp;&nbsp; x equals x x equals Come on, Taan. You can&nbsp; do this. Yo, now you all up on me, man. X equ= 38. Yes. Ah, that's great.&nbsp; Just keep doing it like that. This doesn't sound good. How long you been&nbsp; this way? About a week, maybe more. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have pneumonia. I can send you home, but&nbsp; you'd be confined to bed rest for 2 weeks minimum.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, I I can't do I can't do that. Or I can&nbsp; admit you to the hospital right now, Mr. Clark. Okay, everybody take your seats. Mr.&nbsp; Clark, you look really white. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; even more than usual. We have four four weeks.&nbsp; Now, I know that doesn't seem like a lot of time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if we work really hard, I know we're&nbsp; going to do great on these exams. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go over our science topics&nbsp; from last week. Who knows those? Magnetism, chemical reactions, and gravity.&nbsp; Okay, good. Gravity. Gravity is important because Okay, we get it. Mr. Clark,&nbsp; gravity makes you fall down. Is it always Mr. Clark? Mr. Clark. Easy. I hope he's all right. Is that good? You hear me? Yeah. Very nice&nbsp; of Jason to let me borrow the camera. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's happy to help. How much are we&nbsp; taping? 4 hours. 4 hours every day. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; kids need it. It'll go quick for&nbsp; you. Hey, Maurice. Thank you. Wait, come over here. Can't have our Mr. Clark&nbsp; looking all sloppy now, can we? You know, a guy could get used to this. Come on, seats are ready. Okay. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; just because I'm on this videotape doesn't&nbsp; mean that I can't see you. Alita, is that gum? All right. Is everybody ready? Yes, sir.&nbsp; Gravity. The force of attraction between two&nbsp;&nbsp; objects. [Music] That is gravity. Now, according&nbsp; to the definition of gravity, why did the egg&nbsp;&nbsp; fall? Because, and no, Julio, it's not because&nbsp; the egg and the floor are hot for each other. Turn&nbsp;&nbsp; around and face me. The egg fell because the force&nbsp; of the mass and the distance between the egg and&nbsp;&nbsp; the floor caused the reaction. Okay, now get out&nbsp; your workbooks because I have to clean my floor. Morning, [Music] Mr. Clock. Good morning, Tisha.&nbsp; You have my kids homework. Good to have you back. That's not true. Yes, it is. I&nbsp; want my CD back and my money,&nbsp;&nbsp; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You stupid. I get that CD back. No,&nbsp; you didn't. I did. It's Mr. CL. [Music] Yo, what up, Mr. C? You tell me. You guys have one week till&nbsp; the state exams. One week to&nbsp;&nbsp; show Mr. Turner and your parents&nbsp; and yourselves what you can do. And you guys don't have&nbsp; anything you want to tell me? There's no way we're going to pass those tests.&nbsp; We always mess up. Don't jump on us, man. Sir,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, it's nothing personal. Everything we do in&nbsp; this room is personal. How we talk to each other,&nbsp;&nbsp; how we work together, and how we've prepared for&nbsp; these tests. But we're way behind now. We're not&nbsp;&nbsp; behind. You're ahead. Everyone thinks we're&nbsp; losers, Mr. Clark. No, you are not losers. These rules, they represent everything you've&nbsp; accomplished this year. Discovering new things,&nbsp;&nbsp; believing in each other,&nbsp; and believing in yourselves, and I'm proud of you. Compared to all that, this test is nothing.&nbsp; But Mr. Clark, we have to get certain grades&nbsp;&nbsp; to graduate, right? So what if we, you&nbsp; know, choke? But you're not going to choke. You guys didn't work hard all this&nbsp; year just to get ready for some tests. Every day in this room, we are learning things&nbsp; far more valuable than you can get in some book. I teach you and you teach me and together&nbsp; we learn to love to learn. So next week you're going to take&nbsp; that test. You're going to do the&nbsp;&nbsp; best that you can do and you are&nbsp; going to walk out of that room and&nbsp;&nbsp; know that you can do anything you&nbsp; want for the rest of your lives. All right, tomorrow is the big day, but don't&nbsp; worry, you know the material backwards and&nbsp;&nbsp; forwards. So, just get a good night's&nbsp; sleep and you know, good luck. Fedria,&nbsp;&nbsp; can I talk to you for one minute? And Taan,&nbsp; can you wait for me at the door, please? I know that it's been hard for you to fit in.&nbsp; But you can be smart and still be cool. In fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're so smart and cool, you can do anything&nbsp; you want to do. I want to be a doctor. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; good. You better kick some&nbsp; butt on that test then, doctor. Thank you, Mr. Clark. Good luck, Taan. Yo, kid, get it done. You know what I'm&nbsp; saying? Do this. All right. Hey, what up,&nbsp;&nbsp; T? Yo, little brother. Where you been, man? We've&nbsp; been looking for you. Hey yo, you forgot what's&nbsp;&nbsp; up. You checking. We got some goods. We got to&nbsp; move now. Come on. It's raining, dude. Come on. Hey, look. You can't be in and not roll. It&nbsp; can't be like that, son. I was thinking maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; we could walk to school together. We can do a&nbsp; last minute review of the test on the way. Yo,&nbsp;&nbsp; you wanting this way? We're going&nbsp; that way, fasel. Which way? Come on. That way. Okay. So, when you get to the mass section, go get him. Good morning. Do not open your test&nbsp; booklets until I tell you to begin.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep your eyes on your own paper. When you've&nbsp; chosen your answer, fill in the corresponding&nbsp;&nbsp; answer bubble completely with a number two&nbsp; pencil. If you require an additional pencil,&nbsp;&nbsp; please raise your hand and one will be&nbsp; provided. Do your best and no talking. You may begin. think they're as nervous as we are.&nbsp; I'm not nervous. Fantastic. Thanks. It was 36 apples. No, it&nbsp; was 32 apples, right? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that was hard. Mr. Clark, so so&nbsp; you're going to come over here. Double mocha latte no phone. Hi, come on in. How&nbsp; were the tests? Oh, uh, good. I think I think&nbsp;&nbsp; the kids did pretty well. Yeah, okay, whatever.&nbsp; I'm freaking out. I got an audition. Oh my god,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's great. No, no, that's not so good. Jason&nbsp; got a job and he asked me to go to LA with him. I I I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do. I tell sixth graders what to&nbsp; do. And last time I looked,&nbsp;&nbsp; you weren't in the sixth grade. So,&nbsp; thank you very much for stopping by. What's going on? What's happening? Doesn't look&nbsp; like any of us got to watch. Shut up, Julio. Whatever you do, do not open the closet. Don't go. Will y'all calm down? Hello, kids. Julio, I knew you&nbsp; were going to open the closet.&nbsp;&nbsp; You guys have been working so hard for the last&nbsp; three months on this test. And whatever the scores&nbsp;&nbsp; are, I want you to know I'm proud to be your&nbsp; teacher. I'm so proud that I asked your parents&nbsp;&nbsp; to let me take you somewhere special and they&nbsp; said yes. So go get your envelopes and open them. She Raquel. Right here. right here.&nbsp; Elite. Oh my god. Phantom of the guys,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to Broadway. We are going&nbsp; tonight. So, come get your play bills. The Cavaliers upset the bullets 108 to 99. The&nbsp; Lakers had no trouble with the Rockets winning&nbsp;&nbsp; 124 to 88. The Nuggets just got by the next 114&nbsp; to 112. The supersonics devastated the Jets 1368. And this phantom guy, he's like so in love&nbsp; with this girl that he's got to grab her up,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, and then he takes her to the&nbsp; secret crib and then and then he keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; her there and then they find him. Well,&nbsp; I'm not going to tell you. You'll find out. What the hell? You ruined my wall. I told&nbsp; you to paint that crap in the street. Not in my house. No. Get off me, man. Get off&nbsp; of me. You think you can do whatever you want? You piece of garbage. Julio, Shemica, Raquel. I wonder what it's like&nbsp; inside. Okay, guys, go in. The play's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to start. Let's go in. Come on. Get in there.&nbsp; Let's go. I can't plantation. Go look for it,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Clark. There's plenty of parents&nbsp; here. We'll look after the kids. Tan [Music] Tan. I'm here. Get away. Get away. I ain't&nbsp; worth it. I ain't worth it. I ain't&nbsp;&nbsp; worth it. No. No. No. I know you.&nbsp; I saw your work and it's beautiful. [Music] It's okay. Oh, it's okay.&nbsp; It's okay. It's okay. [Music] Where am I going to go now? Mr.&nbsp; Fore, I'm going to help you. I'm not going anywhere. Oh, it's okay. Here we go. Tan. You'll be staying here for a while. Thanks,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Turner. You're welcome. Hey,&nbsp; you're going to be safe here. May take a while, Ron, but uh we'll&nbsp; find him a place. I give you my word. So, which room was yours? I'll see you first thing in the morning. Yes, sir. For highest achievement in science, Bedria&nbsp; Sanin. Thank you, Mr. You're welcome, Don. for most outstanding achievement&nbsp; in mathematics. Julio Vasquez. Thank you, Mr. For exceptional&nbsp; artistic achievement. Taan Mitchell And last but not least, Shimit, I'm sorry to interrupt your end of the year party,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Clark, but I just received a fax from&nbsp; the board of education informing me of the&nbsp;&nbsp; results of the state exam. I felt it was&nbsp; important to give you the scores myself. These are probably not the scores you expected. This class, this sixth grade class,&nbsp; tested higher than any other class. You even tested higher than the honors class. Congratulations. Congratulations. Very impressive. Shemica, your award was going to be&nbsp; for highest achievement in English,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm afraid I'm going to have to change&nbsp; that because looking at your exam scores,&nbsp;&nbsp; I now see that you achieved something that no&nbsp; other student in the entire district achieved. Shemica Wallace, you earned perfect&nbsp; scores in English and math. [Applause] Go Mr. Clark for always being there even when&nbsp; we didn't want you to be. For inspiring us to&nbsp;&nbsp; dream big. Yes, sir. Mr. C. Yeah. For looking&nbsp; like a fool when you double dutch. [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; We voted you the baddest teacher in town. [Applause] Thank you. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Thank you,&nbsp; Mr. Clark. Let's get down to&nbsp;&nbsp; some presidential learning. will start with&nbsp; George Washington from Mount V and commander&nbsp;&nbsp; and chief of the revolutionary so&nbsp; that we can be free. John second and we've been doing it since. It's a tribute&nbsp; to the leaders of the USA. It's a pres. All&nbsp;&nbsp; right. All right. Okay. Okay. It's a tribute to&nbsp; the leaders of the USA. It's a pres. All right.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right. Okay. Okay. It's a&nbsp; tribute to the leaders of the USA. All right. All right. Okay. Okay. [Music] [Music] Narigo. laundering [Music] what will be on me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aal.ateahadil [1 likes]: نعم. العلم نور والجهل ظلام. ولكل من في هذه الدنيا. عليه ان يسأل نفسه سؤال وهو لماذا انا خلقت.
  يأتي. الجواب خلفت للعيش الكريم فلا عيش كريم دون العلم.
🎉❤هذه للممثل اللذي قام بكل امتياز المعلم. وهذه ❤❤🎉🎉للمخرج 🎉🎉وهذه للمنتج. 🎉🎉وهذه لكاتب القصة. 🎉🎉وهذه لكل الكادر لهذا الفلم   🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉اما هذه للطلاب والطالبات اللذين ابدعو وبكل جدارة. شكرا لصاحب القناة 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉ومن قلبي اقول لك قناة مميزة شكرا للجميع. وشكرا لمؤسسة لجوجل.
 لكل القايمين عليها. لليوتيوب 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉احترامي. Aim adil Al ateah Iraq basrah yes 1000000 yes for all parsian her.
  2. @ShadansiddigAkheder [1 likes]: I'm glad  the director chose perry for this role ❤❤❤
  3. @RayhonaTukhtarova: Why did he uhhh 1:17:33
  4. @radkid06: This is honestly one of my all-time favorite movies.  Matthew Perry is a gem.
  5. @ZSh-w3p: I finished it right now and that was really goodd
  6. @xieyani7736: lovely watch. thanks for uploading
  7. @garukoe: The ads are every.... 15 sec of thr film? Really a downer.
  8. @hanatv19: 1:11:56 The cameraman is kinda... shaky.
  9. @johnlesterpiol6912: 🥺🥺🥺
  10. @Gamerbro1894: 3:32 it was so good until i maybe heard "he will get killed in new york"
  11. @LalatianaAngele: Wow! What a great teacher l almost crying
  12. @Hela.alikhil45: That movie is amzing I decided to watch several times
  13. @DivuJain-s6f: Can you please please please also upload the kite runner movie please i beg you 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  14. @aliezinnurova9756: Thank you for this movie! Worth watching!!!😍
  15. @ash7424: His smile, priceless
  16. @MohammadRiski-l9i: P
  17. @tessatkin87: Woah 1:17:34 did not see that coming lol
  18. @PsychicWarsVeteran2112: Great movie! Inspiring ❤
  19. @Jairusbien: Immature parents btw
  20. @khasanerkham2975: Andai saja semua guru bisa bersikap layaknya teman, orang tua bahkan sahabat. saya yakin semua murid akan menjadi pribadi yang baik dan menghargai dirinya sendiri.

- This is Your Brain on Alcohol | The Agenda: Kind: captions Language: en >> Nam: WHETHER YOU DRINK OR NOT, ALCOHOL IS A MAJOR FACTOR IN THE SOCIAL AND CULTURAL LIVES OF PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD. AND, ACCORDING TO A NEW BOOK, THAT'S BECAUSE IT WAS FUNDAMENTAL TO THE ADVENT OF HUMAN SOCIETY. THE BOOK IS: "DRUNK: HOW WE SIPPED, DANCED, AND STUMBLED OUR WAY TO CIVILIZATION." IT'S WRITTEN BY EDWARD SLINGERLAND. HE IS A PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY AT THE UNIVERSITY OF BRITISH COLUMBIA, ALSO WITH APPOINTMENTS IN THE DEPARTMENTS OF PSYCHOLOGY AND ASIAN STUDIES. AND HE JOINS US NOW FROM VANCOUVER, BC TO EXPLAIN. HI, PROFESSOR >> Edward Slingerland: HI. >> Nam: EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT BOOK. YOU KNOW, I DON'T HAVE TO REMIND ANYBODY THAT WE'VE BEEN IN THIS PANDEMIC FOR A WHILE AND YOU WROTE THIS BOOK DURING THE PANDEMIC. AND STUDIES HAVE SHOWN THAT ALCOHOL CONSUMPTION HAS GONE THROUGH THE ROOF, AND IN MOST PLACES AROUND THE WORLD, LIQUOR STORES WERE CONSIDERED ESSENTIAL SERVICES. SO THEY REMAINED OPEN DURING THE WHAT DID THE PANDEMIC REVEAL ABOUT OUR RELATIONSHIP TO ALCOHOL? >> Edward Slingerland: WELL, THE FACT THERE WAS DEBATE ABOUT WHAT ESSENTIAL SERVICES WERE, YOU KNOW, IN THE STATES, ARE GOLF COURSES ESSENTIAL SERVICES? LIQUOR STORES WERE NEVER QUESTIONED. THAT, TO ME, WAS SIGNIFICANT. IT'S THE USE, THE CONSUMPTION OF ALCOHOL IS SO DEEPLY WOVEN INTO HUMAN SOCIETIES THAT IT REALLY IS SOMETHING THAT'S HARD TO ELIMINATE. SO IN THE BOOK I TRY TO EXPLORE WHAT THE HISTORY OF THIS IS AND WHY IT WOULD BE THAT NO ONE QUESTIONED THE FACT THAT LIQUOR STORES WERE ESSENTIAL. >> Nam: AS YOU MENTION, ALCOHOL IS SO MUCH A PART OF HUMAN LIFE. YET, YOU WRITE THAT THERE IS A PREJUDICE AGAINST CHEMICAL INTOXICATION. BUT WITHOUT IT, WE MIGHT NOT BE WHERE WE ARE AS A CIVILIZATION. I WANTED TO READ A PASSAGE THAT YOU WRITE IN THE BOOK. YOU WRITE: >> Nam: I THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE WILL HEAR THAT PASSAGE AND THINK WHAAAT? HOW HAS INTOXICATION GOING A NECESSITY FOR HUMANKIND? >> Edward Slingerland: THE STANDARD STORY WE'VE ALWAYS BEEN TOLD IS OUR TASTE FOR INTOXICANTS IS A MISTAKE. WE LIKE TO DRINK ALCOHOL BECAUSE IT JUST HAPPENS TO HIJACK A PLEASURE CENTRE IN OUR BRAIN, SO IT'S A KIND OF HIJACKING OF OUR REWARD SYSTEMS. WE'VE ALSO BEEN TOLD THAT THE DISCOVERY OF ALCOHOL IS A MISTAKE. SO HUMANS CREATED AGRICULTURE, WE STARTED GROWING THINGS, WE HAD BREAD, AND THEN ONE DAY SOMEONE LEFT THEIR SOURDOUGH STARTER OUT FOR TOO LONG AND IT STARTED TO FERMENT AND THEY TASTED IT AND MADE THEM FEEL GOOD, SO LO AND BEHOLD, WE HAD BEER. AS I STARTED DIGGING INTO THE SCHOLARSHIP ON THE TOPIC, I DISCOVERED THAT BOTH OF THOSE THINGS WERE WRONG. OUR TASTE FOR ALCOHOL IS INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS AND COSTLY. ALCOHOL IS PHYSIOLOGICALLY HARMFUL, IT CAUSES ALL SORTS OF SOCIAL PROBLEMS, IT'S ECONOMICALLY EXTREMELY COSTLY. SO THERE'S GOT TO BE -- PART OF THE MYSTERY I WANT TO EXPLAIN IN THE BOOK IS, WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS THAT ARE PAYING FOR THESE COSTS? IT'S GOT TO BE DOING SOMETHING -- IT'S NOT JUST GIVING US PLEASURE, BECAUSE EVOLUTION DOESN'T CARE ABOUT PLEASURE. EVOLUTION DOESN'T WANT US TO BE HAPPY. IT HAS GOT TO BE DOING SOMETHING FUNCTIONAL FOR HUMAN BEINGS. SO THAT'S ONE REASON THAT IT'S SO MUCH TIED UP WITH THE BEGINNING OF LARGE-SCALE SOCIETIES. >> Nam: CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW ALCOHOL DROVE TO INNOVATE BETTER AGRICULTURAL PRACTICES? >> Edward Slingerland: WE AS A SPECIES ARE UNIQUELY DEPENDENT ON TOOLS AND THINGS LIKE AGRICULTURE, WHICH MEANS WE'RE DEPENDENT ON CREATIVITY. AND THE PROBLEM IS THE PART OF OUR BRAIN THAT ALLOWS US TO BE FUNCTIONAL ADULTS, THE PREFRONTAL CORTEX. IT'S WHAT ALLOWS US TO DELAY GRATIFICATIONS, STAY FOCUSED ON A TASK, BE GROWNUPS. SHOW UP FOR THINGS ON TIME, GET WORK DONE. THE PROBLEM WITH IT IS IT INTERFERES WITH LATERAL THINKING. SO IT INTERFERES WITH THE ABILITY TO SOLVE PROBLEMS WHEN THE SOLUTION REQUIRES YOU TO THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX OR COMBINE THINGS THAT SEEM VERY DIFFERENT. SO WHAT HUMANS -- THE TRICK IS, HUMANS NEED TO BE ABLE -- WE DON'T WANT 4-YEAR-OLDS WHO ARE VERY CREATIVE TRYING TO DEVELOP NEW VACCINES OR DECIDING WHAT OUR ECONOMIC POLICY IS GOING TO BE. WHAT WE NEED IS ADULTS WHO CAN TEMPORARILY REGAIN THAT CHILD-LIKE FLEXIBILITY, AND ALCOHOL IS A TOOL THAT WE'VE USED TO DO THIS. SO PEOPLE USE THIS IDEA OF ALCOHOL AS MUSE IS FOUND THROUGHOUT HISTORY ALL OVER THE WORLD AND IT'S NOT A MYTH. ALCOHOL ACTUALLY HELPS WITH CREATIVITY BY TEMPORARILY TURNING DOWN THE PREFRONTAL CORTEX FOR A LITTLE BIT AND ALLOWING US TO BE CREATIVE, TO THINK OF NEW THINGS, TO SHARE NEW THINGS, BECAUSE IT'S DISINHIBITING US. BUT THEN IT WEARS OFF AND WE'RE GROWNUPS AND WE CAN ACTUALLY TAKE THOSE THINGS WE'VE THOUGHT OF AND DO SOMETHING USEFUL WITH THEM. >> Nam: WHAT ABOUT GROUP INNOVATION? YOU WRITE ABOUT THE WHISKY ROOM AT GOOGLE. >> Edward Slingerland: ONE OF THE MOTIVATIONS FOR WRITING THIS BOOK WAS SEEING HOW SUCCESSFUL ORGANIZATIONS ACTUALLY USE ALCOHOL STRATEGICALLY IN THIS WAY. I GAVE A TALK ON MY PREVIOUS BOOK "TRY NOT TO TRY" ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN SPONTANEITY AND CREATIVITY, AND AFTER THE TALK THE ENGINEERS WHO WERE SHOWING ME AROUND CAMPUS SAID "YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS PLACE." SO THEY TOOK ME TO THIS WHISKY ROOM. SO WHEN THEY ARE WORKING ON A PROBLEM AND THEY'VE DONE AS MUCH AS THEY CAN ESSENTIALLY WITH THEIR PREFRONTAL CORTICES, THEY WORKED ON IT, THEY POUNDED AWAY, THEY HIT A WALL. INSTEAD OF SITTING IN FRONT OF THEIR SCREENS AND TRYING PULLING AN ALL-NIGHTER, THEY GO TO THIS WHISKY ROOM AND THEY SIT IN BEAN BAG CHAIRS AND THEY HAVE A SIP OF WHISKY AND THEY PLAY A LITTLE FOOSBALL. THEY SAY THAT OFTEN IT'S IN SITUATIONS LIKE THAT THAT PFCs GENTLY DOWN REGULATED, YOU'RE FEELING RELAXED, YOU'RE THINKING IN A DIFFERENT WAY, THAT SOMEONE SAYS, "HEY, HOW ABOUT THIS?" AND THEY GET A SOLUTION. THE FACT THAT SUCCESSFUL ORGANIZATIONS LIKE GOOGLE MAKE A PLACE FOR ALCOHOL IN THEIR ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE SUGGESTS TO ME THAT IT IS A GOOD STRATEGY. >> Nam: WELL, I'M SURE THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE WATCHING THIS OR LISTENING TO IT THINKING: BUT I DON'T DRINK. IN SOCIETY, WHENEVER SOMEONE SAYS THEY DON'T DRINK, WE'RE KIND OF SUSPICIOUS OF THAT PERSON. WE THINK: WHY ARE YOU NOT DRINKING? WHY DO WE RESPOND TO NON-DRINKERS IN THAT WAY? >> Edward Slingerland: BECAUSE ONE OF THE FUNCTIONS OF ALCOHOL IS TO INCREASE CREATIVITY AND GROUP INNOVATION. THE OTHER FUNCTION IS TO HELP US OVERCOME COOPERATION DILEMMAS. SO HUMAN BEINGS, ESPECIALLY IN LARGE-SCALE SOCIETIES, ARE CONSTANTLY HAVING TO COOPERATE WITH AND TRUST STRANGERS OR RELATIVE STRANGERS IN A WAY THAT NO OTHER PRIMATE DOES. IT'S REALLY AMAZING HOW WE COOPERATE. BUT WE'RE OFTEN IN SUGGESTIONS VULNERABLE TO WHAT ECONOMISTS WOULD CALL -- WE'RE VULNERABLE TO PEOPLE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF OUR TRUST AND BENEFITING FROM THAT. SO WE'VE EVOLVED MECHANISMS FOR TRYING TO FIND OUT WHO IS HONEST? WE READ FACIAL EXPRESSIONS, TONE OF VOICE, SOMETHING LIKE THAT. IT'S GREAT IF YOU WERE UNTRUSTWORTHY BUT ABLE TO FAKE TRUSTWORTHINESS. CULTURE HAS USED ALCOHOL TO KIND OF GIVE A LEG UP TO THE CHEATER DETECTORS BECAUSE, AGAIN, THE VILLAIN HERE IS THE PREFRONTAL CORTEX. IF I'M GOING TO LIE TO YOU, IF I'M GOING TO PRESENT TO YOU THAT I'M SOMEONE WHO I'M NOT AND YOU CAN TRUST ME IN WAYS THAT I'M ACTUALLY NOT TRUSTWORTHY, I NEED TO BE ABLE TO KEEP AND TRACK IN MY MIND BOTH WHAT'S TRUE AND WHAT I'M LYING TO YOU ABOUT. THAT'S COGNITIVELY REALLY DEMANDSING. IF YOU CAN GET EVERYONE AROUND THE TABLE, GIVE THEM SOMETHING TO DRINK, TURN DOWN THE PREFRONTAL CORTEX A BIT, IT MAKES IT HARDER TO LIE -- >> Nam: THE IDEA IS YOU'RE MORE HONEST IF YOU'RE DRINKING? ANCIENT SAYING HAS SOME SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE BEHIND IT. IT IS HARDER TO LIE. IT'S EASIER TO GET A SENSE OF WHO A PERSON IS AS A PERSON IF YOU'VE HAD A LITTLE BIT TO DRINK. THAT'S WHY AGAIN THROUGHOUT HISTORY, ALL OVER THE WORLD WHEN YOU GET POTENTIALLY HOSTILE INDIVIDUALS OR AT LEAST PEOPLE WHO ARE STRANGERS TO ONE ANOTHER AND THEY NEED TO COME UP WITH A SOLUTION TO A PROBLEM OR AGREE ON SOMETHING, THE ALCOHOL COMES OUT. YOU SEE THIS IN BUSINESS. YOU SEE THIS IN POLITICS. AND, AGAIN, THERE'S VERY GOOD REASONS FOR THIS. >> Nam: YOU WRITE ABOUT THE HISTORY OF ALCOHOL AND HOW THE FERMENTATION -- BUT YOU WRITE THAT, YOU KNOW, WHEN WE STARTED TO DISTILL ALCOHOL, THINGS CHANGED. HOW DID DISTILLING ALCOHOL CHANGE OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH >> Edward Slingerland: SO FOR MOST OF OUR HISTORY WITH ALCOHOL, WE'VE BEEN DRINKING RELATIVELY WEAK, SO 2 TO 3% BEERS. ALL OF THE FUNCTIONS I TALKED ABOUT IN THE BOOK TEND TO PEAK AT ABOUT .8 BLOOD/ALCOHOL CONTENT, ABOUT WHEN YOU SHOULDN'T OPERATE A MOTOR VEHICLE OR HEAVY MACHINERY. IF YOU'RE DRINKING 2 TO 3% BEER WITH FOOD OR PEOPLE, YOU DON'T GET PAST THIS LEVEL OF INEBRIATION. RELATIVELY RECENTLY, REALLY ONLY A COUPLE OF HUNDRED YEARS AGO, I'M TELLING A STORY THAT TALKS MILLIONS OF YEARS AGO WITH OUR PRIMATE ANCESTRY, WE DEVELOPED A WAY TO GET AROUND THE LIMITS OF NATURAL FERMENTATION AND CREATE 90-SOMETHING PERCENT APV VODKAS AND STRONG SPIRITS. THESE ARE REALLY, REALLY DANGEROUS. SO WE FIGURED OUT A WAY TO DELIVER ETHANOL TO OUR BODIES AT A PACE AND AT A STRENGTH THAT WE'VE NEVER HAD TO DEAL WITH BEFORE. AND I DON'T THINK THAT EITHER GENETICALLY OR CULTURALLY WE'VE COMPLETELY ADAPTED TO THIS NEW DANGER. >> Nam: WELL, YOU WRITE THAT DISTILLING ALCOHOL IN ISOLATION AS IN DRINKING ALONE ARE THE TWIN BANES OF MODERNITY. WHAT DID YOU MEAN BY THAT? >> Edward Slingerland: DISTILLATION IS THE INCREASED STRENGTH OF THE DRUG. CULTURES HAVE ALWAYS KNOWN THAT ALCOHOL IS POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS OR VERY DANGEROUS. THEY WANT TO CAPTURE THE BENEFITS BUT THEY WANT TO LIMIT THE RISKS. THE WAY THEY'VE DONE THIS HISTORICALLY HAS BEEN FIRST OF ALL YOU NEVER HAVE PRIVATE ACCESS TO ALCOHOL. ALCOHOL IS ALWAYS CONSUMED SOCIALLY. IT'S ALWAYS SURROUNDED BY RITUAL REGULATIONS, SO YOU CAN ONLY DRINK WHEN SOMEONE TOASTS. CERTAIN PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUGGEST TOASTS. PEOPLE CAN CONTROL THE PACE OF DRINKING. EVEN IN WHAT SEEMS LIKE VERY INFORMAL SITUATIONS, SO PEOPLE GOING TO A PUB AFTER WORK AND DRINKING, THERE'S UNWRITTEN RULES. YOU DRINK IN ROUNDS, SO IF I DRINK TOO FAST AND I'M DONE, I HAVE TO WAIT FOR EVERYONE ELSE TO BE DONE TO ORDER ANOTHER ROUND. I HAVE TO ORDER FROM A BARKEEP, SERVER, AND AT A CERTAIN POINT THEY COULD START NOT SEEING ME WHEN I'M TRYING TO GET THEIR ATTENTION BECAUSE I'VE HAD TOO MUCH TO DRINK. WE HAVE ALL THESE WAYS OF REGULATING DRINKING AND THAT HELPS PROTECT US FROM THE DANGERS OF ALCOHOL. WHEN WE DRINK IN ISOLATION, ESPECIALLY, I MEAN, DURING CoVID LOCKDOWNS, DRINKING HAS GOTTEN REALLY OUT OF CONTROL BECAUSE ALL OF THESE SOCIAL CONTROLS HAVE BEEN REMOVED. ALCOHOL COMES IN WITH THIS BUILT-IN SAFETY FEATURE THAT WE'VE GOT AROUND, WE'VE DISABLED THROUGH DISTILLATION, AND THEN WE'RE DISMANTLING THE SOCIAL SAFETY FEATURES THAT WE USED TO HAVE. SO DRINKING ALONE AND DRINKING DISTILLED LIQUORS ARE A REALLY TERRIBLE COMBINATION. >> Nam: I WANT TO GO BACK INTO THE BOOK AND READ ANOTHER PASSAGE THAT YOU WROTE. >> Nam: I'M GUESSING, EVEN WHEN I WAS READING THIS BOOK, I KIND OF FELT CONFLICTED BECAUSE IN ONE WAY WE ARE WHERE WE ARE BECAUSE OF ALCOHOL, AND THEN SOME PEOPLE ARE GETTING ADVICE YOU SHOULD NEVER, EVER DRINK. AND ALCOHOL HAS PLAYED A CRUCIAL ROLE IN OUR CIVILIZATION, RIGHT? SO GIVEN THE SOCIAL COST OF ALCOHOL AND OTHER TOXIN ABUSE, WHY HAS THE PRODUCTION AND CONSUMPTION OF ALCOHOL REMAINED AT THE HEART OF HUMAN SOCIAL LIFE? >> Edward Slingerland: THIS IS THE MYSTERY THAT IS NOT EXPLAINED BY OUR CURRENT WAY OF LOOKING AT ALCOHOL CONSUMPTION. SO ONE OF THE OTHER MOTIVATIONS FOR THE BOOK WAS THAT OUR PUBLIC DISCOURSE ABOUT ALCOHOL IS EXCLUSIVELY IN THIS MEDICAL FRAMEWORK. SO IT'S ALL MEDICALIZED. WE'RE JUST TALKING ABOUT PHYSIOLOGICAL COSTS. AND IF THAT'S ALL YOU'RE LOOKING AT -- OR WE'RE TALKING ABOUT SOCIAL COSTS, ALCOHOLISM OR DRIVING -- THESE ARE ALL WELL-KNOWN AND TERRIBLE COSTS OF ALCOHOL CONSUMPTION. BUT THEN ON THE OTHER SIDE, ALL WE'VE TALKED ABOUT IS FUN. SO PEOPLE LIKE TO DRINK. IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT PHYSIOLOGICAL COSTS AND SOCIAL COSTS ON THE ONE HAND AND THEN FUN IS THE ONLY THING ON THE POSITIVE LEDGER, YOU'RE GOING TO SAY WE SHOULDN'T DRINK ALCOHOL. THE SAFE LEVEL OF DRINKING IS ZERO. IF WE ACTUALLY GET A BROADER VIEW OF THE FUNCTION OF ALCOHOL ANTHROPOLOGICAL EVIDENCE, HISTORICAL EVIDENCE, EVIDENCE ABOUT THE ADVANTAGES OF MILD INEBRIATION, WE'RE IN A BETTER POSITION TO MAKE INTELLIGENT DECISIONS ABOUT WHAT THE ROLE OF ALCOHOL SHOULD BE IN OUR INDIVIDUAL LIVES AND IN OUR SOCIETY AND INSTITUTIONS THAT WE'RE INVOLVED IN. UP UNTIL NOW, I THINK WE'VE BEEN KIND OF FLYING BLIND. WE'VE HAD THIS VERY PARTIAL AND LIMITED VIEW OF THE FUNCTION OF ALCOHOL. ONCE WE GET A BROADER PICTURE, WE SEE THE BENEFITS, WE MAY STILL SAY: SAFEST LEVEL IS ZERO. WE SHOULDN'T HAVE ALCOHOL AT OFFICIAL EVENTS. WE SHOULDN'T ALLOW IT ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES. YOU COULD MAKE DECISIONS LIKE THIS AND DEFEND THEM. BUT YOU HAVE TO HAVE ALL OF THE FUNCTIONS LAID OUT FOR YOU IF YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE AN INTELLIGENT, BALANCED DECISION ABOUT THIS. >> Nam: IN THE BOOK YOU ALSO WRITE THAT SOME PEOPLE ARE PREDISPOSED TO BECOMING ALCOHOLICS. WERE YOU AT ALL CONCERNED ABOUT THE WRITING OF THE BOOK THAT SOME PEOPLE MIGHT TAKE YOUR BOOK AS A RATIONALIZATION FOR GETTING DRUNK OR EVEN THAT YOU WERE PROMOTING ALCOHOLISM? >> Edward Slingerland: YEAH, I WAS WORRIED ABOUT THAT WHICH IS WHY THERE IS A WHOLE CHAPTER DEDICATED TO THE DANGERS OF IN FACT, YOU KNOW, SO I'VE HAD PEOPLE SAY, IS THAT CHAPTER SOMETHING YOUR PUBLISHER MADE YOU ADD TO COVER YOU? >> Nam: IS IT? >> Edward Slingerland: IT'S NOT. IT'S BAKED INTO THE FUNCTION OF THE BOOK. THE FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION DRIVING THE BOOK IS WHY -- WE'VE BEEN DOING THIS FOR LITERALLY TENS OF THOUSANDS OF YEARS ALL OVER THE WORLD. CULTURES THAT DO IT ARE SUCCESSFUL. CULTURES THAT TRY TO BAN IT, IT DOESN'T TEND TO WORK VERY WELL. WE SHOULD BE MORE PUZZLED ABOUT THIS THAN WE ARE. SO THE WHOLE MOTIVATION OF THE BOOK IS GIVEN THE TERRIBLE COST OF ALCOHOL, ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE GENETICALLY PREDISPOSED TO ALCOHOLISM, GIVEN THE PHYSIOLOGICAL TOLL IT TAKES UPON US, WHY DO WE STILL DO IT? AND SO THE COSTS ARE REALLY WHAT MOTIVATED THE BOOK IN THE FIRST PLACE. THEY'RE NOT JUST AN AFTER-THOUGHT. ALCOHOL IS INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS. >> Nam: WHAT HAS THE RECEPTION BEEN LIKE FOR THE BOOK? BEEN GREAT. I THINK THAT PEOPLE -- I THINK THAT A LOT OF THESE FUNCTIONS PEOPLE HAVE HAD AN INTUITIVE SENSE OF -- YOU KNOW, PEOPLE HAVE KNOWN THAT, HEY, AN OFFICE PARTY IS A LITTLE BIT MORE FUN -- NOT JUST FUN BUT WE GET TO KNOW PEOPLE BETTER. WE GET A BETTER SENSE OF CAMARADERIE AMONG TEAMS IF WE HAVE A LITTLE BIT OF ALCOHOL. PEOPLE HAVE ALWAYS KNOWN THAT, HEY, MAYBE WRITE ON A BEER OR TWO AND THEN EDIT ON COFFEE IS A GOOD IDEA, IT'S A WAY TO COME UP WITH PUNCHIER PROSE. SO I THINK A LOT OF THE FUNCTIONS THAT I'M TALKING ABOUT WE'VE HAD AN INTUITIVE SENSE OF. I THINK PEOPLE HAVE LIKED ACTUALLY THEN HAVING SOME REAL HISTORICAL AND SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE TO BACK UP THESE INTUITIONS THEY ALREADY HAD. I THINK PUBLICLY WE'VE HAD THIS BECAUSE, AGAIN, GIVEN THE LANCET ARTICLE, THERE'S NO BENEFITS TO WHY WERE THEY AN ESSENTIAL SERVICE? I THINK THERE'S EVEN POLICYMAKERS AT SOME LEVEL HAVE A GUT FEELING THAT ALCOHOL IS DOING SOMETHING FOR PEOPLE BEYOND JUST MAKING THEM FEEL GOOD. >> Nam: YOU RAISE A LOT OF GREAT QUESTIONS IN THE BOOK. WE COULD ACTUALLY TALK ABOUT THIS FOR ABOUT AN HOUR. BUT WE DO APPRECIATE THE TIME YOU GAVE TO US. CONGRATULATIONS ON THIS. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR TIME. >> Edward Slingerland: THANKS FOR HAVING ME.

- Social Benefits of Alcohol | Edward Slingerland: Kind: captions Language: en - And so alcohol has a lot of different effects. The journalist Steven Brown has called it a pharmacological hand grenade. It just kinda goes in and starts hitting all the buttons at once. It's really, it's a messy drug. So it is in various timings and ways it simulates the effects of meth and cocaine. Prozac, Valium, opium, it's doing all of these things and at various points as your BAC increases. But crucially in what's gonna be crucial for the story I'm telling today is that it depresses the prefrontal cortex. It depresses the motor cortex as well which is why you shouldn't drive and you have trouble speaking at a certain point of inebriation. But crucially it's down regulating that part of our brain temporarily. And the nice thing is it does it gently, it does it predictably, and it does it with pretty short half life. You recover very quickly. So it's actually a brilliant technology for for taking the PFC offline temporarily. And what does that give you? It gives you creativity. So there's this association you see across the world throughout history of creative types, artists, writers, poets, with alcohol. You see it in ancient China, you see it in in the ancient mid east, you see it in the present day. This is not a myth. There actually is a very good reason why alcohol is associated with creativity in artists, it's because it actually does make us more creative by down regulating the prefrontal cortex. Now in terms of direct evidence of this there's not a whole lot right now. This is a nice study I like by Michael Andrews looking at correlation. He is taking advantage, he's an economist, and he took advantage of this great natural experiment, American prohibition. So we tend to think of prohibition as something that happened all at once at the federal level, just suddenly no one in America could drink. And it wasn't like that at all, it actually took a really long time to impose prohibition and it was imposed piecemeal at the county level. So he was able to look at county level data. And what he was looking at was patent applications as a proxy for innovation. And he could look at patent applications And what he saw is that when you impose prohibition on a county patent applications plunge, collective innovation plunges. And then it slowly recovers, it took about three years to get back to pre-prohibition levels. His hypothesis is speakeasys is why that happened. So basically (audience laughing) prohibition comes in, you can't drink socially anymore, innovation goes down and it goes down until people figure how to work around. And the work around was figuring out a new way to drink socially. So social drinking seems to be related to innovation, group innovation in this sense. There's also one nice direct study that shows that, so this is a actually not just correlational, it's causation, that if you take subjects and you give them a real alcoholic drink as opposed to a fake alcoholic drink they're more creative, and their creativity peaks at about 0.08. So that's about when you have a nice buzz on when you shouldn't operate a motor vehicle. But that seems to be the spot where you still have enough cognitive control to actually think coherently and do things that are useful, but you've been loosened up. The hold of the PFC has been loosened upon you in a certain way. So creativity is one of the really important functions of alcohol. Another strange thing about us compared to other primates is that we are communal. We're dependent on other people in a way that no other primate is. And to get anything useful done we need to trust one another. We need to engage in long-term cooperative tasks that require trust. And when we embark upon these tasks we run into various types of cooperation dilemmas. And these go under different types of names. You prisoners have dilemma, tragedy of the commons. They have the same structure though. You get the best payoff if you trust and you cooperate. The problem is, and this is a crucial part of the structure of these dilemmas, I don't know in advance whether or not you're gonna cooperate with me. And if you don't cooperate, if you defect as economists put it, I'm screwed. (Edward laughs) I get zero, you get a great payoff. And so for a rational self-interested agent in a prisoner's dilemma game the only strategy is to defect. So everyone defects and everybody gets that kinda bummer mutual defection outcome. In real life people solve this all the time. We're constantly solving prisoners' dilemmas in our real life. And we do it because we're not rational self interested agents, we're emotional. And we use emotions to help solve these dilemmas. We have emotions like honor, like loyalty, like trust that allow us, that bind us to each other in a certain way that prevent defections from happening. So emotions, the economist Robert Frank has a great book called "Passions Within Reason" where he explains that these love and honor and these things, they're approximately irrational. So in your actual psychology they're not rational but they have this kind of long-term rationality on an evolutionary scale. So we use these emotions, and because emotions help us cooperate we use them as cues to know who is a good cooperator and who's not. So when we're deciding whether or not to trust someone we look at their emotional expressions. This is a safety net we have in cooperation. I meet you and you genuinely are happy to meet me. How do I know you're genuinely happy? 'Cause you have that smile on the left and not the one on the right. The left one is a Duchenne smile, completely different muscle system not under typically under voluntary control. That's the smile you make when you're serving people in a restaurant or something, you have to be nice to them. We like the one on the left, we don't like the one on the right. So we use emotional displays as a way to know whether or not to trust people. This opens up this this possible risk though that people could be faking it. The soft spot here again is a prefrontal cortex. In order to lie, in order to cheat, in order to calculate you need your prefrontal cortex in top shape. Lying is very difficult cognitively right? You have to keep in track in your mind both what's true and what's what you're telling the person. You have to suppress emotions that have to do with the false thing that you're not telling them about. You need your PFC in top shape. What's also interesting is when the PFC is in top shape we're not as good at detecting lies. And this seems to be because we look at when we're consciously focusing on detecting lies we're not very good at it, we look at the wrong things. It's only when we're relaxed that we actually take in more information. So let's target the prefrontal cortex with what? With our good old friend alcohol. Right (Edward laughs) down regulates prefrontal cortex, it makes it harder for us to lie, it makes us easier for us to detect lies, and it's also simultaneously boosting some hormones like serotonin that make us less likely to cheat. So it's enhancing these kinda pro social hormones in human beings. So this is why when people, potentially hostile adults meet and have to come to some kind of agreement, they shake hands. And they're showing I'm not carrying a weapon. When you meet with someone and you do a couple of shots you're saying "I no longer have a prefrontal cortex. "I am cognitively disarming (audience laughs) "and putting my prefrontal cortex on the table. "You can trust me." This is why from ancient China to ancient Greece, alcohol is always at the center of banquets, of treaty negotiations, anything where you have people with potentially differing interests having to agree on something. All the way up to Nixon told his Chinese counterpart "if we drank enough Maotai we could do anything" right? This idea that if we just disarm cognitively we can solve these problems. And people use this informally all the time. So a cocktail party, a mixer, you're having to meet new people, you wanna cognitively disarm. So we're simultaneously decreasing our inhibitions and increasing these kind of pro social chemicals that help us like each other, like ourselves more, and like each other's more. So alcohol plays this really important tool in helping people bond, at helping people cooperate. This is also why when Skype was invented, remember back then? Everyone predicted business travel would disappear right? Why would you get on a plane and fly to Shanghai if you could just Skype with these people, design a contract? And yet people kept getting on planes and flying to Shanghai until the pandemic. It took a global pandemic to shut down business travel. And this is because if you're gonna enter into any kind of significant deal with another group of people you wanna sit down and get drunk with them and eat a meal with them to get a sense of who they are for real. So this is one of the important functions of alcohol. So in "Drunk" I walk through these functional and important benefits of alcohol. But the important point is that you don't wanna lose sight of the cost of alcohol. It's a dangerous substance. It's estimated that up to 15% of the human population is prone to alcoholism. And if you have a tendency to alcoholism you can't drink safely. So it's a dangerous substance, it can lead to all sorts of chaos. But the taste for alcohol has been preserved in our species because there are these countervailing benefits.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tommyanytime [10 likes]: How does this only have 1.2k views wtf. The quality of this video is top shelf.
  2. @tahoecal1772 [2 likes]: This is a very interesting topic!

Thank you Prof. Slingerland!
  3. @WavyNebulous [2 likes]: Is this lecture happening at a bar? Pretty cool either way.
  4. @よしみ-x5j [2 likes]: Very nice. I would ove to see whole lecture
  5. @StevenChutuk: I've been 6 years sober and looking forward to the next 70 years alcohol-free 🧘☸️🙏
  6. @raytanxo609: Honestly, is this paid by alcohol lobby? Alcohol leads to
 -all drugs,
- most case of rape,
-to cancer.....

- The case for drinking: Kind: captions Language: en-US We have co-evolved with alcohol. We've been producing and consuming alcohol for as long as we've been doing anything in an organized fashion as a species. There's got to be a reason for that. We've been looking at alcohol consumption through this very distorted lens because we've only been looking at it as a kind of addictive pleasure substance. We haven't been seeing any of the positive social benefits. The point of drunk is to just give us a broader viewpoint. So actually change the way we look at this. The standard story is that alcohol is very much like our taste for junk food or masturbation. Right? Is just an evolutionary mistake. The common characteristic is the idea that alcohol was once adaptive in our evolutionary past, but it's not anymore. And it hasn't been for a very long time. All of these hypotheses have, I think, fatal problems. None of them are sufficient as an explanation for for why the taste for alcohol has remained in our our gene pool and in our cultural repertoires. Human beings occupy a very unusual ecological niche. Unlike other primates, we're incredibly dependent on technology and tool use. We have to come up with insights in a way that no other primate does. We're also incredibly communal. If you look at humans cooperating in large scale societies, we're cooperating on this massive scale that's just orders of magnitude beyond what any of our primate relatives can pull off. And it's challenging. So my argument is alcohol is a cultural technology that we discovered very early on as a species that helps us to respond to these challenges. It helps us to be more creative. It helps us to be more communal. It helps us to cooperate on the large scale. It helps to make it easier for us to kind of rub shoulders with each other in these large scale societies that we live in. So it solved a bunch of adaptive problems that we uniquely face as a species because of this weird lifestyle we have. The enemy of creativity in the sense of lateral thinking. So seeing unusual possibilities in the periphery or making a kind of creative breakthrough is the prefrontal cortex. So we've got this part of our brain that's really important. It allows us to get up in the morning, get our jobs done. We couldn't function without a PFC. Evolution has this problem where it wants us to be receptive and creative, and especially in childhood, where we have to receive all this cultural information. We have to learn languages. We need to absorb like a sponge. So basically it holds off on developing PFC for a while to let us be open and innovative as kids. But then in a certain point we need to be able to put our shoes on and get out the door. And so it lets the PFC fully developed. So as adults, we face this problem where we're now very efficient, we're very good at self-control, we're very good at delaying gratification, but we're not so good at creative insights. And so one of the functions of alcohol is to reach in and basically turn down our prefrontal cortex a few notches temporarily taking us back to being like a four year old in terms of our cognitive flexibility. But with all the knowledge and the goals and the affordances of being an adult and it's temporary. So then, you know, a few hours later, we're back to being adults again. So depressing. The PFC increases creativity. It allows parts of our brain to talk in ways that normally they don't. Suppressing the PFC also makes it more difficult for us to line. Lying is cognitively very PFC heavy undertaking. If I'm lying to you, I have to keep in mind what the truth is, what I know the truth to be, and also what I'm telling you is the truth. So I have to keep in mind my mind to different realities. I need to not let my knowledge of this reality seep into this reality. So I have to suppress emotional reactions or even fleeting thoughts that might show up on my face. It's really hard to do to lie successfully, and you really need a PFC in perfect shape to do it. In every culture I know. Whenever you get potentially hostile strangers or these people have potentially competing interests who have to come to an agreement and figure something out, alcohol's involved and in places and in places that don't have alcohol, they use some other substance that has exactly the same functions, the same way we shake hands when we need to show we're not carrying a weapon. If I sit down and drink a few beers with you, I'm basically taking my PFC out and putting on the table and saying, you know, I'm cognitively disarmed. We have to learn to trust, even though it's not rational to trust. And alcohol's a tool for helping us do that, not only by disarming our ability to lie and deceive other people, but it's also boosting serotonin and endorphins. It's making us feel good about each other. It's bonding us. There's a quite literal sense in which intoxication gave rise to civilization. It was the desire to get intoxicated that first motivated human beings to settle down and start cultivating crops. We've gotten an increasing amount of evidence that humans were making alcohol way before they had agriculture. So these hunter gatherers were coming together to get drunk, and then gradually they realized, Oh, we can make better beer if we start cultivating these crops, these wild grains. You see this pattern around the world. So wherever you look in the world, the first domesticated crops appear to be domesticated for their psychoactive properties, not for their nutrition. In South America, Tayo Sinta, the ancestor to maize to corn, makes terrible grain. If you are interested in making food, you would not notice this species. But it has a lot of sugar in its stock and that can be used to brew a beer like substance called chicha. So clearly it got domesticated to make chicha. So that's a really powerful insight that it was actually the motive for civilization. But then the kind of deeper sense in which it's responsible for civilization is filling all these functions that I talk about in the book creativity, communal nature, reducing stress and anxiety. It motivated us to settle down and create civilization. And then once we did that, it gave us that tool to do that successfully.

  Top Comments:
  1. @asahearts1 [9 likes]: Masturbation is also not an "evolutionary mistake." Like alcohol it allows us to conciously self regulate our bodies, for better or worse.

"We need to learn to trust, even though it's not rational to trust." Great quote.
  2. @krunkle5136 [4 likes]: Alc is the oldest, time tested anti-anxiety medicine.  It's fine in moderation and there's beautiful culture built around it.
  3. @TheMarioMen1 [2 likes]: Funny thought this video message was it’s okay to drink and alcohol provides a lot of abstract benefits to society and social structure, though most comments are like “I’m sober you should be too” 🤔 generally found 3 drinking rules that keep you safe 1) don’t drink when you’re in a bad or negative mood 2) avoid drinking alone 3) drink to get drunk not to get sick
  4. @tradingmedic [1 likes]: Because our elected rulers are compete blithering idiots.
  5. @davidbowick7830: "Primate relatives..." 😂 What a load of crap they have taught us in school.
  6. @barneys8644: When My boss ask why I'm drinking on the job I'll show him this video and I'm sure he will understand.
  7. @rjwl55: I grew up among Mayan Indians whose high genetic addiction rate, like other "First Nations," to alcohol was destroying their people group. To my knowledge, no cultures have desired drunkenness among their women, men, or children, and only the leisure-class elite or drug-induced shaman were seen as benefiting from drunkenness/psychedelics.  Refrigeration is a modern invention so many cultures had things spoil, some turned alcoholic, some vinegar, some uneatable. Alcohol cannot get beyond 14% with natural fermentation, and was usually diluted to1-3% alcohol, as that was helpful against waterborne disease. Where water was boiled, for tea etc, the same benefit was achieved. Strong drink (14% alcohol) is soundly condemned in the Bible. The history of the destructiveness of distilled spirits (15-80%), especially once they became cheap and widely available, is unparalleled until the modern distilled-drug era (heroin, cocaine, fentanyl, etc).
  8. @Lopfff: This guy’s wife was on his ass for drinking too much, so he was like, “Hold my beer”
  9. @roybiv7018: Alcohol is a potent anxiolytic (anxiety reliever). It also attaches to opioid receptors and has pain relieving properties. Like any substance that agonizes (indirectly) GABA or opioid receptors, constant use is habituating. Alcohol and benzodiazepine withdrawal can be fatal. Alcohol is a known carcinogen, just like sunshine. Dose makes the poison, use as little as possible; don't overdo it.
  10. @JennWest-Liberty: Are there not some people, cultures and tribes who did not partake until it was introduced by some other culture.
  11. @UnluckyFatGuy: Got a Bud light and before this
  12. @YSLRD: Lol. Animals often get drunk on fermented fruit. Everything from rodents to deer to apes to birds will load up if the opportunity presents. Humans are just smart enough to master the process. Nothing magic involved. 
This thing is ludicrous.
  13. @dontfearthechange: Rubbish
  14. @macdietz: This guy thinks a propensity for junkfood  and the habbit of masturbation are evolurionary mistakes? TF?  Salt and fat are essential to life, sugar is a extremely useful for quick. energy, and masturbation is simulated sex. What more explaination do you need? Not evolutionary mistakes, direct behavioral effects OF evolution.
  15. @sumgai2585: Alcoholism started at the point Clay pots came online. Most Folk are as they went. But when the ability to save up a mess of berries cooked leftovers forgotten in the back of the cave and then revisited... can't let that go to waste! YES, Mankind was DRUNK centuries before "Spirits" were identified as a Chemical reaction.
Agrarian society was marked at the point when Barley was tended. 
And who in their right mind would attack a Hive of Stinging Bees?
   Aha! 🧐 MEAD
  16. @BigKokka: Sounds like you sell an alcohol
  17. @gregs1936: If alcohol is so evolutionary beneficial, then why does alcohol consumption fall as societies become more complex and develop knowledge economies who rely far more heavily on creativity and cooperation?
  18. @robertduffy5805: This video sounds like an excuse to expense your bar tab under the guise of research
  19. @hoppish088: Does not explain the reason why I have only one beer, say with dinner, when dining alone or with my wife.    Could it be that I just enjoy the taste with my meal?
  20. @nilesmouser6670: Interesting speculation.

- Drunk by Edward Slingerland Book Summary: Kind: captions Language: en drunk how we sipped danced and stumbled our way to civilization book by Edward slingerland digitally narrated by Andrew this is a great summary production created for research study and discussion purposes drunk how we sipped danced and stumbled our way to Civilization by Edward slingerland explores the role of alcohol in the development of human civilization slingerland delves into the history of alcohol consumption and its impact on society arguing that alcohol has played a crucial role in shaping human culture and social interactions the key takeaways from the book includes one alcohol as a social lubricant slingerland highlights how alcohol has been used throughout history as a social lubricant facilitating bonding and communication among individuals the book discusses how alcohol consumption can lower inhibitions and Foster a sense of Community two The evolutionary perspective the author presents an evolutionary perspective on alcohol consumption suggesting that our attraction to alcohol may be rooted in our biological and psychological makeup slingerland explores how alcohol may have provided early humans with important social and survival advantages three cultural significance slingerland examines the cultural significance of alcohol in various societies illustrating how different cultures have developed unique rituals and traditions around alcohol consumption the book explores how alcohol has been intertwined with religious practices social Gatherings and celebrations four the Dark Side of alcohol while acknowledging the positive aspects of alcohol slingerland also addresses the negative consequences of excessive drinking the book discusses the impact of alcohol abuse on individuals and societies highlighting the importance of moderation and responsible consumption five philosophical Reflections in addition to the historical and anthropological perspectives drunk delves into philosophical Reflections on the nature of alcohol and its effects on human behavior slingerland explores questions of Free Will morality and self-control in the context of alcohol consumption six lessons from modern society the book concludes by drawing lessons from the history of Al alol consumption for modern society slingerland suggests that understanding the role of alcohol in shaping human civilization can provide insights into contemporary issues surrounding alcohol use and addiction overall drunk how we sipped danced and stumbled our way to civilization offers a thought-provoking exploration of the complex relationship between humans and alcohol by examining the historical cultural and evolutionary aspects of alcohol consump assumption the book sheds light on the profound impact that alcohol has had on the development of human societies for more summary like this hit the Subscribe button and click on the notification Bell so you get notified when we post a new summary thanks for listening

- Edward Slingerland - Wu-Wei & What Ancient Chinese Philosophers Can Teach Us about Peak Performance: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to ace this is a show where we explore the self-employed creative life and how to do your best work how to make things happen how to navigate all the stress and chaos and unknown charting your own path my name is Darren Joe I'm your host thank you so much for listening has there ever been a situation in your creative life in your business where you come up against a roadblock and no amount of pushing and pulling and striving and trying and effort seems to do any good you just right back to where you started like Sisyphus pushing the boulder up the mountain only to see that rock fall back down again well maybe trying harder is not the answer in fact many of the greatest ancient Chinese thinkers believe so believe that cultivating spontaneity was the most effective way to be in the world was the source of all success well that sounds great but how can we do this how can we cultivate spontaneity in our lives to do more and become more well I'm so glad that I found the book of our next guest it's called trying not to try ancient China modern science and the power of spontaneity its intended to explain the thinking of some of the greatest ancient Chinese thinkers in a way that we can understand and apply to our lives and more importantly it's about trying not to try and how cognitive science has really shed a lot more light on the power of the thoughts of these ancient Chinese thinkers so the author of this book Professor Edward Slingerland is an internationally renowned expert in Chinese thought comparative religion and cognitive science he's the professor of Asian Studies and the Canada Research Chair in Chinese thought and embodied cognition at the University of British Columbia he was educated at UC Berkeley and Stanford and he's also just a cool guy and I love that he is merging these different fields so yeah I hope you enjoy our conversation and that you also cultivate the power of Wu Wei the power of spontaneity in your working lives here we go Edouard welcome to ace thanks for having me so I just want to first just sincerely thank you for coming on the show when I stumbled across your book I was so excited because it's actually been the theme of this year for me is this idea of trying not to try so of course you know I got the introduction off of Kindle and then once I read what you were gonna discuss in the book I was like I can't believe this book exists so I devoured it in a couple weeks and it's really helped me understand you know that concept of trying not to try and I can't wait to explore it further let me first ask you like how did you get into studying Asian languages and then you know moving into really religious studies like what got you interested in those topics yeah that's a good question I read I was a science major in my first two years of college so I was and that's what I did in high school was mostly science I think it was I read dong Xue so I read Taoist philosophy in translation as a teenager in high school and I think I got into it through actually through science fiction which was kind of weird reconstructing it I think Ursula Le Guin so I was really into science fiction and and left hand of darkness she starts off each chapter with a quotation from either the drawings there that or the Louds of the dhaba James so I think that's how I got was sort of made aware of Taoism early Taoism so I knew I liked it was interested and at a certain point I just realized in my college career that as much as I enjoyed the ideas of science didn't enjoy doing science professionally like as I started I couldn't do it I was like I'm actually doing science and so I had this kind of midlife crisis at age 20 he where I dropped out of school and rode my motorcycle to California and part of that was thinking you know what I'm gonna do think we're gonna be a Chinese major part of it I think too is I was also waiting to Jack Kerouac and I'm on the road no it's derma bombs there's a character named Jaffe who is modeled on Gary Snyder so he's a grad student at Berkeley starting Chinese and Japanese classical poetry and he's hangs out the mountains and drinks wine and reads and poetry and I thought yeah that's actually what I want to do for a living yeah I was a part of this just reorganization of my life that happened around age 20 there's best thing I ever did goodness it's beautiful material and it's it's you know ends up having connections with cognitive science so I've actually had this roundabout way kind of come back to the saurian scenes again as I was preparing for this podcast of them I'm like Edward is just so cool he's studying Asian languages cognitive science evolutionary psychology like all these things I thought we could first frame the conversation by a quote from your book which really grabbed me our excessive focus in the modern world on the power of conscious thought and the benefits of willpower and self-control causes us to overlook the pervasive importance of what might be called body thinking tacit fast and semi-automatic behavior that flows from the unconscious with little or no conscious interference the result is that we too often devote ourselves to pushing harder or moving faster in areas of our life wherever and striving are in fact profoundly counterproductive that's a very powerful thought and and I want to bring it up because so often in the world I live in which is this world of entrepreneurship solopreneur ship we never hear that you know it's always about striving pushing harder like get up earlier work harder you know drink more protein shakes go to gym you know and being a former athlete myself you know having played tennis in college I can totally relate to that and you describe you know human excellence as too often impoverished cold and bloodless our modern conception of it and that's exactly how I feel but I'm so trapped if feel like trapped in this narrative because I'm so used to that way of thinking of getting stuff done and so you know my question to you is yeah what inspired you to write this book because I know you've written a ton you know in academic journals and and more academic books so why why this one try not to try yeah I partly because I reel my students really connected to the idea so I teach this big survey course in the introduction to early Chinese philosophy that actually now has a MOOC on the EDX platform on the topic I just found that students love these ideas and often because they're cramming and pulling all-nighters and they're just they're puzzled why they're not getting the results they think they should be getting or they're puzzled why they're unhappy or not creative and I've had students come up to me after lecture and be like oh that's I get it yeah okay there are certain goals that you just can't proceed directly and trying harder in that situation that wouldn't does and not only doesn't help it actually hurts and so I did feel like these these early Chinese thinkers had these insights and they just had a different model in a different model of human perfection right so for the thinkers I look at and this isn't true of all oral Chinese thinkers but the ones I focus on is the Confucians they've got this embodied right it's about type of perfection that's not just intellectual understanding or self-control or willpower it's about harmonizing your emotions training your emotion in their body in the certain type of way that allows you to respond spontaneously but properly to situations and that just struck me as such a more psychologically realistic model what it means to be a good Christian what do we mean to be a parent good friend that it was it's worth exploring how you get how you attained this ideal one of the tensions involved and attained that's that deal and how it does provide this really alternate model of Education and self-cultivation that we just we don't have right and it's you know I'd argue look this is because of this kind of philosophical hangover from the Enlightenment where we inherited this disembodied model itself where you know just our bodies or just these containers for carrying around our brains but really all we are is these minds and then it's all about the mind you need to so as interested the reason I studied Chinese philosophy because I was into interested in Western philosophy in high school and early college and there's actually a passage in Conte that when I look at now I have a vivid memory of reading it and thinking this is messed up and it's one of the reasons I think I stopped studying Western philosophy it says passage in the groundwork metaphysics of morals where he's talking about he calls them the the amiable person this is someone who just it's kind of nice and sympathetic and takes genuine kind of genuine internally rewarding pleasure in being kind and nice to other people they just do it spontaneously they do it sincerely they don't have to think about it they're just nice and Khan says these people are okay but they're not really moral because to be a true moral agent you have to stop and think does the categorical imperative require me to do this and you have to answer yes and then you have to go you have to force yourself did you have to do it consciously in a willed way because otherwise it's just habit so he has this distinction in doing something how snuggle out of inclination or abbit as opposed to aus flicked out of duty at a sense of the moral law and it just seems to observe me because I was like I'd rather hang out with like the guys just the person who has to sit and think about we gotta go to go and code it and you know there's you can understand the the philosophical reasons like you felt that way but I the fact that he comes down on that side struck me as the result of this really distorted model of what being a human is and what's interesting is if you look at the early Confucian tradition they were aware of this distinction as well people who were naturally spontaneously good and then people have to stop think about it and force themselves to do the right thing but they flipped the valuation so there's this interesting passage in the shins of this warring States Confucian texts where he's talking about the certain levels of people working his way up and basically the lowest level person is the person well the lowest level person is bad they do it anyway control themselves but in the next level up with someone who's really Kant's ideal moral agent someone who wants to do the bad thing or isn't inclined to do the good thing but then thinks about it and says oh I really should and forces himself to do it that person is just okay for shinza the ideal moral agent someone who is so internally cultivating virtues and internalized Confucian way like they do spontaneously and naturally do the right thing and that's the highest level of moral attainment for the Confucian so it's actually the opposite of Kant's evaluation and I think it's a much more I think it's also better the way folk psychology works so for instance Khan also it's a similar they commonly talking about this shopkeeper who is the honest shopkeeper who doesn't cheat his customers because it just doesn't occur to him she's just naturally honest and again that's like morally inferior it's not properly moral you have to choose because you consult the moral law and but at the end of the day I want to shop at a store I want to shop this tour that's guy person who spontaneously on it's right they don't think about cheating they're not cheating me and so this gets other part of the books and the books about the power response ad but then this this idea of charisma or trust that you get when you in spontaneity and I'm arguing the Chinese have a religious story about why the two they're together a kind of theological explanation but I think you can tell a cognitive scientific evolutionary story about it why these two things spontaneity and charisma hang together and I think it's because we trust people who seem sincere and authentic and at peace with what they're doing they're not they don't have ulterior motives they're not overthinking things and there's really good evolutionary reasons why we built that way why we worried why we'd be suspicious that people have to think too much or to hesitate or have to you know kind of think about why they would want to do something we we want to know that we have people are watching our backs and the people watching our backs with people who just are really there I think they're not having to think of that and so probably the most technical part of the book is where I look at some cooperation dilemmas and human societies kind of arguing that the reason we come to associate spontaneity with trust has to do with these cooperation dilemmas that you get when you you start trying to cooperate with people who are genetically related to you and who you also can't track constantly so you know for most of our evolutionary history we lived in these small-scale societies where everyone was either related to us or we could kind of keep track of them if they don't cooperate not cooperate with them next time but we lived in societies now large scale societies where were involved in these one-off interactions with strangers and that creates entirely new cooperation problems that are plasticine brains are don't have built homes are dealing with could you help set the stage for some of our listeners that aren't familiar with these ancient Chinese thinkers and kind of explain you know the warring States period that they emerged out of and could you also just define like wu wei and and and uh yeah i mean one of the other reasons I wrote the book is I find that people who know me start using these terms all the time and and I think that's very revealing because it's they're clearly filling a gap in our vocabulary right so it's like schadenfreude right we all everyone experiences schadenfreude but the Germans do it more than anyone else and so they have a word for it but once we get that word we can actually put a label on something that we experience but we don't think about and words are useful so having a term for something if you don't have a word for something you often don't notice it and so I think it's really helpful to have these new words because they actually focus your attention you start to notice things you wouldn't notice otherwise and so these are two way and these ideas that get developed and early Chinese thoughts of warring warring States Period roughly six to third century BC China is divided what we think of now as China is divided into these states that are warring with one another for supremacy they're just a very creative period in Chinese philosophy because there was so much turmoil but also you know ability for people to move around a few had ideas that weren't popular in the state you were and you can just go to the next state so there's also a marketplace for ideas because these rulers were all very eager to get the edge on their neighbor and so they were open to hearing about new ways and organizing their state or thinking about morality or how to get people to be gerd rulers were establishing think tanks actually where people would come in to bait so it was a really interesting period to the main schools that I talked about with loosely Confucians versus the Taoist the Confucians are self-identified school so there are followers of Confucius Taoist is a label that was invented late later to refer to a couple thinkers or groups of thinkers in early China that had similarities but the one thing these two groups have in common is they both for both of them these the concepts of Blueway and very central so way literally means no doing or non action or not trying may I translated as effortless action when I translated it all because it really refers to the state where you're you're often acting so you're very successful diplomat you're successful butchers and the dramas are there destroy the butcher but what's crucial is your experiencing your actions as natural and spontaneous and in a way not caused by you so there's a strong feeling that you're not the agent either or something some other versus moving you or the world is moving along so there's this loss of a sense of agency and a loss of sense of self-consciousness you're not thinking about yourself you're not reflecting on what you're doing and yet you're very successful so that that's it's like effortless action and then people who are in this estate way have this power that's usually translated as virtue or the capital because I did this word but I think charisma or even powers may be better but this is a kind of aura that you kick off when you're in a way yeah it makes people if you're a Confucian ruler it's what makes people want to follow you without you having to coerce them they just actually want to obey you if you're a Taoist but it's what allows you like of your dong so it's what allows you to move through the world efficiently in kind of people are relaxed around you they don't harm you you make them more relaxed nice for other people it's a kind of social power that you acquire when they're in this way and as I said that so that in the early Chinese context there's a religious story about why these go together so if you're in a way you're following heavens will so this anthropomorphic being Kevin who's kind of in charge of the universe and so heaven gives you has a reward it's essentially a way for heaven to say hey this is somebody who's following me so you know you should you should follow them to where you should be nice to them so that's a religious story so the modern equivalents I talked about where you see these two going together things like one example I use is dating right if you're trying to get a date you're not going there today you kick off this energy is got desperate energy and you're not attractive as soon as you stop trying suddenly people are coming out of the woodwork and you're like where were you and I was trying to find a date they were there they just weren't attracted to you because you didn't have duh so does something is the charisma you have when you're just kind of confident and happy and you're not trying to beat anyone that's when people are trying to do same thing job interview you know you're doing or you know pick you're putting an idea to some investors let's say if you're trying to get them to believe in this thing you're gonna be creeped you'll have an tide you'll seem desperate you'll see you're trying to are and people are not like the idea when people like is hearing something from someone who's compelling and attractive at some level attractive intellectually or whatever because they just are so obviously confident and sure about what's talking about you gives you a kind of sense of confidence wanting to work with them and trust them and so I argued that these these two things go together in our minds and the reason for that has to do with our worries about interacting with people who are basically interacting with people who are bullshitting us like people who are pretending to be something that they're not or people who are pretending to believe something that they don't really believe in this is a real problem in large-scale societies and it has to do a lot of these cooperation dilemmas you need to solve to work together effectively and so once you realize that these two things go together spontaneity and charisma and you realize the types of situations where it's important that they go together you can see how exerting more effort can be really counterproductive like trying too hard in desperate pitch or trying too hard to pick up someone at a bar it's just not gonna work it's gonna actually produce the opposite and that's an important insight you know and everyone when you point this out to people they're like oh yeah that makes sense but but again I think because we don't have words for these things we don't notice it as much as we should and can I ask how are those two that's related to this idea of the Dow or the way which i think is more familiar to to our listeners yeah what's the relationship between those those three things so when you're in a way you're following the Dow so that's how you get into ways because you like for Jung you can actually see almost see the Dow the world it means cat path or way right so if you're a Jonesy and sage you empty your mind of preconceptions language linguistic distinctions and you make yourself open and then you actually see the way in front of the thing you do is the right way is following the way because you can see almost moved in and durably in that direction that's the relationship and that's why you get because you're the way is created by heaven and so once you're flowing the way you're doing what happened wants power could you describe the four thinkers you bring forth in the book and and their approaches to get into a way yeah so they what one of the things I argue in the book is that this is a great ideal right we'd all like to be spontaneous we all but all like the charisma and yet we also recognize it if we're not Thompson and if we're not happy it's really hard to pull that off like how do you how do you make yourself on command be confident when you need confidence and so this is this is the tension this is the paradox of how do you try not to try right so the goal is to be spontaneous but you're not spontaneous right now so how do you consciously try to be spontaneous and I argue so in my academic work and my dissertation I argued that this tension I call it the paradox of the way there is actually the driving force in early Chinese philosophy so one way to organize one way to tell a narrative of what's going on in the warring States is people coming up with what they think is a solution the paradox but there is no solution because it is a real paradox and says the next person comes along and says oh no that does not gonna work and so that's basically the story I tell the book when I'm laying out these strategy so you've got Confucius and students at the end of the word States enjoy guys the more idea which is try really hard and if you do that for long enough the trying will somehow fall away and you'll be spontaneous part of my argument as well is that this fits certain types of barriers to spontaneity so good tennis player if you were serious tennis player right you're not gonna get good at serving unless you just do it a million times it's ready to train it over and over again then eventually you get to a point ideally where it does become spontaneous and you are doing it without thinking about the various components or have a your racket or how you're supposed to put your arm back and that's when you get that's when you become like a Confucian gentleman that's when you become you can play in a new way fashion because but only because you you've taken all this time to internalize these skills and so there are there are certain types of spontaneity that you really can't get into without this Confucian I call it a carving and polishing strategy so it's working really hard for a long time but the problem with that when it comes to things like well we we really care about it for Confucians is morality right you want to become a kind let's say you want to become a more generous person but the way the paradox rears its head in this situation is you can see how if you practice your tennis serve a hundred times you could get better at your tennis serve it's hard to know if I have not a generous person and I say okay I want to be generous and I forced myself to I'd say give money to a homeless person that passed my way to work so I say okay I'm gonna try to be generous administered giving that homeless person it's hard to see how forcing myself to do that repeatedly is ever gonna make me actually genuinely generous person it could actually end up making me kind of resentful like and so this is where the first Taoist thinker Louds that comes in and his I'm gonna say his it was probably a group of people who wrote this text but feeder just call him lotsa his worry is that trying to be moral is gonna turn you into a hypocrite it's gonna turn you into a kind of a faker and so for him you've got to do the opposite of the carving and polishing you need to be he's really he's the the most kind of extreme return to nature percent since that so against the carving and polishing he says let's be like the uncarved block let's go back to being simple like a child or we grew up let's go back to the state of nature because he's got this faith that we were moral spontaneously moral and good in the state of nature and it's civilization and trying that screwed us up and we need to get back to the simple state and so for him it's about forgetting and going back and undoing all this training that you've had so and then you've got benches and and arguably men chess is trying to combine the two so he's saying yeah human nature is good to people that's his famous slogan but what he means by that is we have these potentialities for good so basically we have the potentialities we weigh inside of us but they're not gonna grow themselves they're like agricultural sprouts it's not like weeds so you need to water you need to weed you need to tend to them but you also can't force it so you can't try to make it happen faster than it's gonna happen and so he uses these agricultural metaphors so we have these moral sprouts that we're gonna slowly grow over time and so his way strategy is basically try to focus on the beginnings of spontaneity within you and if you focus on them and try to strengthen them that's how you become a morally good person and so they I think with the generosity thing Confucius would say force yourself to do this thing over and over again you'll eventually start to feel it now ii would say that's terrible idea it'll just turn you into a hypocrite stop trying and you'll realize that you're naturally generous if you could just kinda get a judge with your nage Manchus says well we have these potentials to be generous in US but they're not strong enough to really make us be generous in their natural state we need to strengthen them and so you need a teacher to help you you need to reflect on so what you would say something like when you go by the homeless person you can you don't give them money how to make field you feel a little bad try giving them some money and then focus on how that made you feel did it make you to give you a good feeling did you think oh you know I'm a better person for doing that that's that's the mention strategy you kind of have to identify the beginnings of these the potentiality is within you of spontaneity and by focusing on them you can make them stronger so he's the he's trying to really combine in some ways the taoist Confucian strategies he calls himself in confusion but he's a really funny kind of confusion and and then there's long as the second Taoist thinker I look at who basically says stop even try worrying about trying or not trying like he thinks the problem loud so is that loud Sue's got a strategy laosan says stop doing that stop doing that opportunity notes and drums are things that he that's even a kind of too much goal directed type of behavior what you really need to do is make your MA and empty he has this again it's kind of fake yes its faith but if you do that the world will reveal itself to you as it really is the DAO reveal itself to you and then you would just know spontaneously what the white bright way to move is and you will never know from one moment to the next what the right thing to do is because you can't the world is too complicated so the metaphor is is you make your mind like a mirror so that you'll respond to what's in front of you and you're always doing the right thing because you're not imposing your own ideas about the world onto the world and so the drugs and strategies basically let yourself be guided by the world instead of by your own goals what I argue is first of all it's a real paradox so I talk to the cognitive scientific groundings of the paradox which is that which is pretty simple it's that you're when you're trying to try you're activating the part of your mind that you're actually trying to shut down so it's like when you say this Ellen don't don't think of a white bear you have to think of a white bear because I've just activated that idea in your mind so it's the same thing when you're trying to be when you say try to be spontaneous or try to be charming you're actually activating the part of your brain that's going to interfere with your ability to really be charming or abuse spontaneous and so it's it the fact that it's a paradox just falls out of the nature of the way our minds were put together so that's why there's really there's no 100% solution to the problem because it wouldn't be a paradox if there was some simple solution and so what they're really are is just pragmatic workaround strategies and that's what these four strategies are I think and there's a reason that none of them ever one so they basically look at the history of Chinese thought it's just people recycling one of these first but just to give you can tell though and in other religious traditions I mean this is not just in China any tradition like in the ancient West before the Enlightenment people something like way as an ideal so Aristotle and medieval Christian thinkers and they're really just picking one of these four basic strategies I think and it's because there's a you know there's a limited number of ways you could respond to this paradox and they each have their own strengths and so when I present each strategy I also present the types of problems for which they're probably helpful and also you know the cognitive scientific social psychological evidence for why these strategies would be helpful and in these particular types of situations so I think that the reason none of the strategies ever wins out is because none of them is none of them as a silver bullet they you need to you need to know when they're when to use which strategy and that's something I've been trying to do ever since I read your book it's funny when you were talking about how the four different thinkers would approach this like homeless man on the street I've been having these conversations in my head where there's like these four thinkers all right which one should I use and in which situation and what what approach would help and I reflect on my own experience as well and I'm wondering for someone like you who lives the life of the mind and and right so much like I'm curious to know how you apply these thinkers to say something like your writing process which is you know I consider to be very creative way type of exercise have you do you ever have you know Confucius sitting on your right shoulder and wanza on your left shoulder and you know obviously some of the principles you take from from cognitive science as well like wandering or incubation which I saw one of your videos because like I'm just really curious yeah how you apply these to your creative life right sometimes when I'm writing and I'm not producing enough I'm not producing what I want the problem is I'm not trying hard enough sometimes I'm just not being disciplined enough and the solution is is just to sit down and frickin write like make yourself sit in from the computer and do something and if that is the right response to the situation you're and you'll know it pretty soon because I find that what happens if I'm right about that because I'll force myself to sit down I really won't want to but within like 20 minutes I'll be sucked into what I'm doing really I'll be in a way I'll be absorbed into what I'm doing but there are other times when that's actually not the problem the problem is you've been trying too hard and you're at it you're stuck on something and then if you keep trying you're just gonna make either make it worse or just not make any progress at all and that's when you you really need to do more of a Daoist kind of either just let go like just let go of it and go do something else or kind of out cien forgetting where you you say maybe this hole struck like whatever the structure and this chap Ami's all wrong maybe I should just get rid of everything you know and start over again maybe my maybe the problems coming because I thought I knew what this was supposed to look like but it's not actually supposed to look like that I should start all over again so that happens it's happened to me and it's been useful to know when to step away it's been useful to know when to go kayaking or like garden or do something else because often you'll get your insights when you step away from the thing you've been attacking directly you know you know argue in the book and some talks I've given on this that one of the problems with modern life is that we don't allow incue bation to happen so we because we're constantly bombarding our minds with information we never we never get to just let her unconscious do its thing and I see this with my students where they you know when I was a student at the very least walking from class to class you had some downtime couldn't you went to Princeton so you're walking from the quad you're looking at the stupid black squirrels climbing a tree you're not stupid they're genetically modified and probably in this completely non goal-oriented way right your minds blonde during your just kind of relaxed and that's super important for human it's like you need that time emotionally but you also need it intellectually like and then things like sleep sleep is where your mind consolidates and connects all the stuff you learn during the day now I look at my students now and they don't have that downtime ever because they're walking from class to class texting or looking at Facebook on the phone or whatever I guess Facebook's not cool anymore they're only old people my age to Facebook they're doing whatever it is cool now a tick table they're doing something they're taking in and they're taking in new information and that means that it's like a fire hose avis constant fire hose flooding their brains with information which means they never get a chance to process any of it or make see deeper connections and I really worry that this is going to have profound consequences on human creativity going forward our minds are built in such a way that we want information and now we have the technology to provide information 24/7 and that turns out it's not really good and so you know you need to do something I really think people need to make an effort to unplug you know make an effort to you're on the bus you know maybe don't look at your cell phone maybe just look out the window for half an hour because that's when you're you can start your your mind can your mind is constantly trying to make connections but it gets interfere dwith when it's getting too much input all the time there's also the problem where your mind your subconscious could figure out solutions to problems from working on but if you're constantly taking in information you can't hear you're unconscious you maybe have the answer that you want already it's just you can't hear it because you're unconscious keeps trying to tell you but you're you know watching videos on YouTube and if you just shut up and like gone for a walk and when at some point that would break through to your conscious mind and you'd be like oh right that's the way that solve this problem or dealing with this social situation I'm dealing with and and so I that's I mean one takeaway from the book is just that the the constant stimulation of our minds that we have and especially now it's with smartphones and being connected all the time is really unhealthy and so we need to we probably have to come up with really conscience strategies for limiting the amount of time we spend plugged into that stuff I did some extreme experiments like so when I eat for example I just try to eat and be present with my food because that's a trigger right and I'm saying I'm not gonna look at my phone like no matter what I'm just gonna enjoy this meal unplug just focus on the food and I've even done stuff like I spent three doing nothing I tried to so I did the ultimate Lao Tzu where I just said dad I'm not gonna work I'm not even gonna think about work or chill out in modern terms which is like yeah being on your phone or like watching Netflix or something I'm just gonna do nothing literally do nothing okay so I go to the I go to the coffee shop and I'm staring at a tree yeah and I and people probably call the police is he come at us or what but yeah it was actually quite invigorating I have to say and I think that spending these afternoons without our phones or just giving yourself the freedom to do nothing take that loud sir approach like it really does help clear your mind it helps clear your mind and it also gives your mind time to do and corden work yeah it's just going on in the background right but but and then you can I did notice I could hear myself better exactly what you're saying and and something else I wanted to ask you about is like this idea of a way that you mentioned is very much tied to being a part of something greater and or if you're doing something you really like to do or something you really value it it helps to enter this state of Wu Wei and I'm wondering if that has sort of implications for you know career design for us I believe that I'm most effective when I'm in Wu Wei you know when I'm dancing salsa or playing tennis similarly with work I want to be in that state most of the time I think it'd be hard to be in this state all the time but if I'm in that space man I'm super effective so if we could design our our work day and our careers around the way I think it's really powerful so it has to do with how you motivate people right so disembodied rationality way to motivate people is through or reward and Punishment so you did people external incentives and then they're going to change their behavior to to accord with those the way perspective is arguing that the way to motivate people is to give them new internal motivations to get them you're going to be most effective not when you're focusing on some external goal so if you want a dating situation if you're you have this external goal of getting a date you're gonna look first you're gonna sound like you're trying to argue me out attractive if you have a more internal goal like oh I just want to have fun and talk about interesting things with people because that's what I'm in the mood to do then you may actually will get a day it's because you're not consciously pursuing the the goal you're actually just absorbed in the activity and so that I think relates to work right if you if you give people projects or you involve them and things that they really care about they'll not only be better at it right they'll be more productive they'll be happier they'll be more creative and that's but it's tricky and you know in a modern workplace to figure out higher how to do that right it's it's easier in academics because you know we create our own goals basically it's harder than see how you do that if you ran a business that was producing widgets and you know you have to figure out ways that people could come to internally embrace at least some sub goals related to widget production or the selling or transport of widgets yeah yet people somehow excited about some aspect of that to to get them into that state of a way but yeah that's the crucial thing so for the that's how ways related to Dow right you're in way when you're in harmony with the Tao and the de now is you know what matters it's what what gives meaning that's kind of what makes things morally good and that's I bring this this idea up in the context trying to explain how way as a concepts different from the flow right this idea the high chicks I have flow where he thinks it's all about complexity and challenge and kind of ramping up complexity challenge but that doesn't actually fit his own research data so when he and his colleagues asked people what gets you in the flow and they even did they did they were one of the first some of the people first people I think you do experience sampling so where you give people like a little basically like a buzzer and you just buzzin and you're like right now are you in flow or not you know what were you doing and what they find when they do that is that people experience flow in super low complexity situations so they experience flow hanging out with like kids walking and a part that they walked in under turns before they experienced it in situations where there's no challenge there's no complexity but the common thing is that they're absorbed into something that they value so it's friends it's people they love it's kids you know playing with kids you play with a baby or something there's no complexity right you're just doing like peekaboo 100 times and yet it's it's you can get into way doing that because it's reward because of this kind of love you have for babies where's your child but doesn't it have to be right there's kind of I think people have the built-in kind of love of babies and children or puppies just because they puppies have evolved to piggyback on why we like kids and so that's how you get a new way is you get absorbed into something care about and so I think that innovative businesses and I mean I don't know that much about business but now giving I've spoken about this a couple of Google campuses and notice that just getting tours of you know the way Google sets up their workplace it does seem like there first of all building in lots of unstructured opportunities so there's lots of time to whatever play foods foosball or do yoga or rock climb and it's not because they're touchy-feely like we just want to make everyone happy because they realize if they're dependent on creativity and the way to foster creativity is to let people have this downtime and flexible time and it seems like they try to you know put people with teams where they can actually get excited about a certain project or certain idea work toward that instead of being motivated by some external goals as like monthly sales or something so I think these ideas are getting embraced in business in various ways but part of the problem is if you don't have an overarching theory to explain why this is important you're gonna miss things right and so that's where I think the concepts like way are helpful and the idea of the Tao and being absorbed and something that you care about is helpful because it you can kind of figure out through trial and error that it's good to let people take a break and play foosball if they want if they're having trouble figuring out a coding problem but unless you understand why that is you will you'll miss places where you should have been doing that or you'll screw up and give people too much time to play for this ball until really unproductive so you have to understand like why that downtime is important and what it's doing pretty cognitively and intellectually I see like there's two things that kind of emerge from what we've been discussing in my mind and one is being aware of when you could use a different approach when you need to say I'm gonna sit my butt down in this chair and write for an hour and when you say doing that would be very counterproductive and that comes from through your own experience really right like just knowing from day-to-day okay that work that didn't work it's very self-reflective in my opinion and the other thing that I find really interesting is this balance between work and play this balance between effort and relaxation I guess might be another way I kind of interpret it because I know when I'm playing my best tennis or dancing my best salsa it's kind of like right in between yeah the state of Wei is weird cognitively because it's not it's not it's not effortless in the way that lying on a couch watching TV it's right it's there's a feeling of effort and so I talked about this there's a really clever study of jazz pianist they met at the put them in fMRI machines but gave them these non ferromagnetic keyboards so they can use them in the machine and we're scanning them when they were doing kind of goal directed and really structured tasks like playing scales or playing a pre-written piece and then they would let them just improvise so they were a certain point it's just to improvise and what they saw when people were improvising was interesting because it's you know the cognitive control regions the brain downregulated as you'd expect so that's what's giving you that feeling of oh I'm not really trying I'm just what was interesting is that one part of the cognitive control network the system that is in charges at the ACC's or the anterior cingulate cortex so this is it's basically kind of it's what tells you and things are messed up like if you're if you're doing something automatically and then it's not working the ACC's the thing that says hey hey stop doing that we need to target cool because I working what was interesting is that when they were improvising the ACC was super active so it was monitoring so there's a kind of background attention that's going on that's quite intense when you're in these way states so it's not it's not zoning out right and it's not just being the couch potato it's being engaged in a way that well you hope you are deeply engaged but you don't have that same feeling of effort right you know I'm a tennis player and I I'm a terrible player because I learned as an adult so I'm just I'm bad but I've had the experience I've gotten good enough now that at least every once in a while I had the experience of like hitting four hands where I'm not having to think about it I'm just you know I'm doing everything the way I'm supposed to do them setting up I'm using my torso putting topspin on the ball and it feels relaxed I feel relaxed but I'm also super attentive right there's exerting it's some kind of effort right but it's it is qualitatively different for the type of effort when I'm doing a lesson and I'm having a coach telling me know you're you got a you know you got to have a closed racket and so that's who way it's that state of being you feel relaxed in it you're super engaged yeah you feel relaxed you're super engaged and when I'm in the zone on test court I'm just telling myself one word like soft and hard or something like making contact with the ball but that that is all I need to just stay in that place I have you come across any research that talks about play in accessing this state play is I mean the feeling of play absorption and even like drugs or uses the word arguably that play describe way in classical Chinese show you you know it means it's in compounds that refer to play in modern Chinese but that's what he for he doesn't use the word he actually doesn't use the word way very often he he more often talks about clay because for him that's way it's at state where you're like cooking but you're doing when he's cutting up the ox his his blade is Plitt early the yoing it's playing in the space in between the ligaments and tendons and so play is just that state is just another word for that state of way where you're you're interacting with the world in a way that's spontaneous its creative its self milk itself motivating so it's not you have to make people play write play is rewarding in and of itself that all those structures and so play is just another way of getting at this state because it's got the same structure as it away state yeah and you mentioned in one of year later chapters about how we trust people who are more spontaneous and of course you brought up the example of doing business in Asia and I've been living in Asia for many years and this idea that business is not done in the corporate office but in the in the bars you know when people are just drinking their faces off and showing their true colors right is this kind of idea they can't they can't fake who they are I mean and that's why we like to get to know people through hobbies right or like sports or board games or whatever it is if you could actually just see what they're really like in that state yeah it's actually the book I'm working on right now is about that topic so it's about intoxication mostly out alcohol but other types of intoxication and why people why humans do it which is actually it seems like a dumb question but it's actually puzzling from an evolutionary perspective why why we like to get drunk basically what got me interested in it was that section of trying not to try when I was talking about the role of drinking in in business right so there's a reason whence you know and Skype was invented everyone was like Oh business travel will now cease right because why would I fly to Shanghai to me these people to sign a contract when we can just do it over Skype or email or whatever and you had business travels remain completely unchanged like business travel at all and there's a reason for that that's because they were you gonna sign a contract with people especially in a situation where where there's trust involved and I actually think one of the reasons that that drinking is more important in Asia in Asian business culture is partly because more is dependent on trust relationships because less is contractually spelled out I feel like business deals often involve kind of implicit like oh cases we got to trust each other on this where there's unspoken rules about how it's gonna play out in ways that you know Germans would want to write down yeah you don't always do that in China or in Vietnam so when you're in a situation that's more dependent on trust you need to know that you have that trust and that's gonna then make you want to meet people you're gonna want to get them drunk you know and so I talked about just the why from a physiological cognitive scientific perspective that makes sense because lying or faking requires you to use your cognitive control regions and alcohol is basically like a paralyzing your prefrontal cortex right and so I use this analogy I think it try not to try that it's you do a couple of shots with someone it's in the same way you shake hands to show that you're not carrying a weapon in your right hand you do a few shots of by Joe with somebody and you're basically taking your prefrontal cortex out and putting it on the table you're like I've got no cognitive control any mother and so the things I'm telling you are probably true because I've lost the ability to lie effectively and so it's a chemical disarmament and it allows you to then build trust where you know sometimes people walk away right they go out drinking with somebody and they're like you know what I'm not going to do this deal and it's because you've got some weird vibe from them when they were drunk that made you think they're bullshitting me about this or maybe there's things go I don't know about so and I think this is this is you know an ancient China no no treaty would get signed without these enormous banquets but basically they were drinking party so so yeah the next book the book I'm writing I'm actually on chapter the chapter one right now but I'm supposed to deliver this by sometime in the spring it's called drunk I love this title I saw it nurse drunk intoxication ecstasy and the origins of civilization oh my gosh what a title can ask you one last question is there anything that you would have changed with the book now that it's been five years since since you've written it yeah well some nuclei mean new social psychology research so one big issue and I'm gonna have to go back and change this in my loop now at some point is you know I'm arguing that I talked a bit about the ego depletion literature so the fact that the reason we you know away is often the way we need to do things because we have limited cognitive control resources and this is now a super controversial topic in social psychology so there's the massive meta-analyses and most recently a huge replication effort that are not showing the ego depletion effect so people are now arguing that maybe your ego depletion is not a thing maybe it's not a fact of just bad research practices or so that's something you know if I wrote the book again I'd have to really think about more everyone agrees that there's something to mental fatigue right we're definitely no one denies that we get mentally fatigued but it may be the case that it's where we were wrong about the mechanisms and even the conditions at which that happens so so that's something that's changed in in the psychology literature that I would have to revisit opposed to rewrite this book again you know your course is up on YouTube you've got a Facebook page yeah what can we follow you Edward have a Twitter account so you can follow me on Twitter I'm not a super prolific tweeter but I do I do tweet out things that are interesting related to early Chinese thought and no doubt we'll start putting on some stuff on toxication soon we got to get you back on the podcast for that one lets you finish the book so thank you so much for your time and where did this has been a true delight and been looking forward to this conversation for weeks so thank you so much thank you did you like this episode press subscribe leave a review and tell your friends about us do it if you want to join the discussion for this episode go head over to ups TARDIS TV slash ace that's a se you made it to the end of the episode you're a survivor and we're gonna reward you with a little one minute ashay i'll show you is just a fancy way of saying ace alright this is just a thought to leave you with just carry it with you you don't need to do anything just a a parting thought if you will so Edward mentions Jones's approach of letting go to enter Wu way right the next time now got a big problem or the next time you know even you're just catching dinner with their friends just try letting go of all those labels let go of good bad right wrong should do should not do your this your that on this on that just drop drop the labels drop the labels drop the ideas of what it should be of what it's supposed to be of what you want it to be and just be there let's go with the flow that's it that's your one minute ashay see you next time on ace

  Top Comments:
  1. @DJSTOEK [4 likes]: 💘
  2. @roloduarte33 [3 likes]: Awesome interview.
  3. @hardikpatel6517 [3 likes]: great topic....and many blessing for sharing
  4. @ayushikumari4675 [1 likes]: amazing video.
  5. @akshaykamathb2788: 3:53 he got introduced Zhungzi by Ursula K. Le Guin sci fi
4:51 Jack kerouac hd a character who studies Chinese & japaneese & classical poetry, hangs out in mountains & drinks wine, reads zen poetry.
  6. @spiritualpod: Wants the book

- Trying Not to Try by Edward Slingerland: 6 Minute Summary: Kind: captions Language: en Edward Slingerland Trying Not to Try: Ancient China, Modern Science, and the Power of Spontaneity Introduction Discover the ancient Chinese concept of wu-wei and its astonishing effects on personal well-being and success. The book summary of 'Trying Not to Try: Ancient China, Modern Science, and the Power of Spontaneity' delves into various philosophical schools of thought, such as Taoism and Confucianism, and how they view achieving this state of 'effortless acting.' Explore the intricate balance between rational thought and instinct, and how melding these two aspects can lead to an intelligent spontaneity that makes work more enjoyable and efficient. Moreover, learn about the concept of 'de,' a unique form of power and charisma that arises from being in touch with your unconscious mind. Wu-Wei: The Art of Effortless Action Wu-wei, a Chinese philosophy that celebrates the art of effortless action, involves a harmonious relationship between the body and mind. When the two are brought together, they work as one, leading to intelligent spontaneity and fluidity in one's actions. Wu-wei makes you whole, guiding you purely by instinct, resulting in work that portrays beauty, sincerity, and ease of the process. The concept is not limited to the Chinese philosophy of Taoism, as one can experience it during any activity that makes them entirely absorbed and one with the process itself. The Power of Wu-Wei and De Wu-wei, the ancient Chinese concept of effortless action, when combined with de, or power and charisma, leads to a perfectly spontaneous mindset that allows individuals to act from their natural instincts. This concept is connected to The Way, a journey that leads to becoming a perfect human being. Wu-wei and de make leaders compelling without the need for threats and make average people attractive and likeable. People with de are in touch with their unconscious mind, which allows them to act from their natural instincts. Being in the flow, as defined by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, is similar to being in touch with de. However, in the Chinese conception, you are encouraged to move with ease throughout life, avoiding any difficulties that might harm your spirit. The benefits of wu-wei and de are far-reaching and can transport individuals to a perfectly spontaneous mindset that aligns with The Way. Confucianism's Path to Wu-Wei Confucius believed that reaching wu-wei required improving one's conscious mind through education and effort. This was achieved by practicing strict behavior and taking part in rituals, which assigned roles to participants with specific duties. By cultivating the power of the subconscious mind through conscious repetition, one can eventually achieve wu-wei. Confucianism's approach emphasizes the importance of improving one's willpower, behavior, and knowledge of past cultures. Confucian rituals taught people social manners and provided a clear repertoire for achieving wu-wei. Laozi's Philosophy of Going Home Laozi, the founder of Taoism, believed that the path to heaven is to forget societal teachings and return to human nature. He advocated for people to follow their basic desires by thinking less consciously and more unconsciously. In this state, people can experience a state similar to runner's high, where the brain downregulates conscious thinking and puts individuals on a blissful autopilot. Laozi believed in wu-wei, which means doing absolutely nothing. His goal was for individuals to connect with a raw version of themselves and return "home" to their true nature. Finding Wu-Wei Through Mencius and Zhuangzi Mencius and Zhuangzi offer alternative philosophies to Confucianism and Taoism, proposing a middle way to achieve wu-wei, the state of effortless action. Mencius believed that one already possessed the virtue needed for wu-wei, and a wise teacher could help one find and nurture it. Zhuangzi encouraged abandoning the dichotomy of right and wrong and adopting a neutral stance toward all things. The goal was to attain calmness, flexibility, and freedom from judgment to be ever-ready for change. Both philosophies emphasized the power of imagination in transforming behavior and achieving Wu-Wei: Living a Sincere Life Wu-Wei is a state of complete spontaneity and unselfconsciousness, but to achieve it, sincerity is crucial. The book explains that it's not enough to say you are generous; instead, you need to guide your whole life by the principle of generosity and dedicate yourself to it in everything you do. To attain the sincere flow of wu-wei, choose one of the action-oriented strategies espoused by Chinese thinkers, practice that mode until it becomes sincere, and pervades your entire character. The book suggests shaping yourself to uncover an underlying purpose that becomes the foundation for your practice. Uncover this purpose, and you'll be able to live a life that's wholeheartedly sincere. Practice physical activities, visualization, and meditation to achieve this state. Don't worry if you're not into complex theories, just give it a try, and you too can live the life you want and enjoy every moment of it. Final Recap Understanding and utilizing the concepts of wu-wei and de can benefit both personal and professional aspects of your life. By allowing your mind and body to work as one, you unlock numerous possibilities to achieve your goals effortlessly. Following in the footsteps of ancient Chinese philosophers, choose a strategy that aligns with your character and values. Through practice and perseverance, you can reach a state of sincerity and self-awareness that will help you create a more fulfilling and harmonious life. Embrace the power of spontaneity and the wisdom of the ancient Chinese to live a life that's true to yourself, with the added beauty of effortless flow.

- PNTV: Trying Not to Try by Edward Slingerland (#366): Kind: captions Language: en hi this is Brian welcome back to another episode of philosophers notes TV today another great book trying not to try by edouard Slingerland trying not to try Edward Slingerland subtitle ancient China modern science and the power of spontaneity so Edwards England is a fascinating guy he is an expert in both ancient Chinese philosophy Taoism and Confucianism and modern cognitive science and this book basically integrates the two in a super fascinating way that I am excited to explore at a high level today if you're into those two subjects I think you'll really enjoy the book I read it in one day just kind of one sitting basically just super fascinating compelling stuff philosophers note and as always we some of my favorite big ideas and five of these ideas here that we will walk through now so we get ancient Chinese philosophy modern cognitive science how do they come together here's how the first is via ooh way ooh way which literally means no trying or no doing but it has a deeper meaning something closer to effortless effort so it isn't about no action it's about effortlessly doing the right thing ooh way this is the the ancient ideal in ancient China is a way how do you get yourself to a place where you can effortlessly do the right thing excellently every time it's not a bad goal right and what happens when we get there when we get there we experience something called this is the coolest word ever with for an English translation the worst pronunciation ever duh so de is pronounced duh but it means something like charismatic power or virtue power or moral power when you live with a way and you just get yourself to do the right thing effortlessly it's just who you are right effort emanates effortlessly from you you have duh you have this charismatic power you have a radiance in a presence of moral charisma or virtuous charisma this is what all the ancient leaders of ancient China were after to live with away so they could lead with a magnetism where people wanted to follow where the leader was taking them this is why away was such a prized way of being and why duh or this charismatic power this moral and virtue power was so compelling and I just love that idea of moral power virtue is power when you are just so plugged into something bigger than yourself which is what we'll talk about at the end this wasn't just about being excellent at something and developing skills it was about developing virtue in your life now what's fascinating and what the book is really about is ok so we have a way we have duh right effortless action doing the right thing and the resultant charismatic power but how do you get that right and this is where it gets interesting because in ancient China we had a couple different approaches and Edward talks about four different approaches so here's a basic spectrum of how we can think about it and where the book gets its title trying not to try so you want to get to a point where you don't even need to try to do the right thing but she kind of got a try to get to a point where you don't need to try right that beautiful paradox now on one end of the equation or the spectrum rather we have Confucius on the other we have Wow sue I'll say however you want to pronounce it right so Confucius Lao soon and then we have a couple of other individuals we'll introduce in a moment who kind of split the difference between the two of them now Confucius's approach philosophically was you've got to try really really really hard in order to get to a point where you don't need to try you need to discipline yourself like polishing a stone or carving a stone you need to really really discipline and work on yourself and virtuous living in order to get to a point where the right thing becomes effortless one approach Laos a while sooo have basically the exact opposite approach so try-hard was Confucius's mantra right and then a while say while Sue was stop trying and he went extreme he basically said you know what I'm gonna check out of society entirely I'm gonna move into the countryside I'm gonna grow my hair long I'm gonna change my name I'm just gonna drop out I'm gonna stop trying entirely I'm gonna be completely one with that bigger force that's how I'm going to arrive at that point of huwway okay well a lot of people believed in Confucius approach and a lot of other people believed in the malsu's approach and we're all gonna have our own orientation to it and there's partial truth to all these approaches Edward tells us but let's look at a couple of other individuals in between so Edward walks us through each of these different great thinkers perspectives there's a guy who is uh brilliant who adopted a take on Confucius's approach mencius was his name and he basically said okay so we want to lean toward trying but we don't need to try quite that hard we want to rather than sculpt a stone or chisel a stone into perfection we want to look at our inherent good like little seedlings and nurture those sprouts we need to make sure we're kind of a good gardener of those sprouts right so we want to try but not quite as hard as Confucius would tell us to try right so a little bit on this side but still moving toward that trying hard right and then you have a gentleman named Shuang see who oriented toward Lao tzus approach but he said okay we don't even check completely out of society and change our name and grow our hair right we can still engage in the world but we just need to flow with the harmonious Union that's what we need to do changsu and if my memory serves me correct way to read this book over a year ago Edward leans more toward the kind of changsu approach I lean more toward these mencius Confucius approach as you have probably figured out if you've watched many of these I believe in in discipline and incrementally getting a little more virtuous such that were able to train our minds right we use our willpower wisely to install habits that run on autopilot our basal ganglia has taken over the show and we're able to do effortlessly that which seemed really hard but is now easy for us we do the right thing we live with our two virtuously by disciplining ourselves moments of moments a moment such that we don't need to discipline ourselves anymore we just do the right thing now again we're all gonna have different philosophical orientations each of these is appropriate for different people in different times right the paradox of partial truths but think about where you fall in that spectrum and how you can engage in what you feel to be most resonant as you work to try to not try now I mentioned that Edward is both an expert at ancient Chinese philosophy and modern cognitive science so in the book he basically connects the two and what's cool is that when you think about trying not to try you think about a way which is again effortless action effortless right action doing the right thing without having to think about it that can be thrown into a model of the hot and cool and you know kind of the Daniel Kahneman thinking fast thinking slow model right there's the hot spontaneous you just do it right then there's the cool thoughtful rational slower thinking that complements the hot fast thinking so the basic idea is you want to get to a point where you're able to use your cool rational cognition such that you can quickly fast hot do the right thing and the book he talks about it some more it's fascinating stuff and as I mentioned I love the idea of using that cool slow rational conscious cognitive thinking to discipline ourselves to create the habitual behavior such that we hand over that conscious deliberate thinking over to our part of our brain the basal ganglia that just runs the show it's just autopilot for us to do the right thing because it's the right thing every time that's a really fun game from my vantage point and that's how we can connect it back to cognitive science and then the fifth big idea here is connecting it to something bigger than ourselves so Edward makes the distinction that this isn't about just kind of me hi chick sent me hives flow where you're in the zone and you're just kind of doing your best and you're performing at your best from a skills perspective he makes the point that we can't divorce this from ancient Chinese philosophy and culture and we're away and duh had a very religious connotation this wasn't about the individual becoming the best version of themselves so they can kind of show off their skill set it was about the individual connecting to something bigger than themselves in a very spiritual religious sense such that they can give themselves to their communities in the most powerful way so that idea of kind of flow plus something bigger than ourselves that's what we want to connect to that's the ultimate essence of a way that's the ultimate essence of duh or moral charisma and virtue is power and he makes the point from a cognitive science perspective that when you are that type of person who has worked hard enough or if your approach is simply checked out and connected to that that heavenly force as these ancient philosophers described it and that just flows through you naturally there's an ineffable imperceptible magnetism that exists there kind of that charisma that exists that isn't the charisma of someone who's learned how to pick someone up at the bar or whatever it's a deeper charisma that as human beings we are programmed to respond to that there's a deep level of trust and I'm leaning into that energy when it's clear that someone has done this work to get to this point so that is a very quick look at this great book again if you're into ancient Chinese philosophy and modern cognitive science I think you'll enjoy the book as much as I did as you connect to something bigger than yourself connect the hot and cool fast and slow systems such that you can live with spontaneity via one of our four ways right we've got Confucius try hard carve that stone we've got Myles singers say stop trying just completely flow we've got Shuang Tsui leaning away from Lao su but extending his of yeah you want to flow but we can do it in a little more integrated way with society then Mencius who extends Confucius's ideas more toward the center which is we've got these sprouts of goodness let's just tend them and let our moral virtue kind of arise as we discipline ourselves and then experience the moral charisma that comes from this practice as we effortlessly live with ooh way that is an exciting invitation at least for me I hope you find it interesting and practically speaking for now what was one idea that kind of jumped out and landed and how can you make it a more practical embodied part of your life today get on that cultivate your way and let your duh shine have another awesome day see you isn't it a bit odd that we went from math to science to history but somehow miss the class on how to live for some whacky reason optimal living 101 never made this schedule of course it's too late to go back and change that and you're too busy to read full-time to catch up but if you're like us you're all about optimizing your life so you can actualize your potential so imagine this imagine having someone read the best books on how to optimize your life and pull out the big ideas that can really change your life you know those sections you underline and asterisks and mark all up then imagine that guy me connecting those awesome ideas to other great books and helping you actually apply the wisdom to your life today well that's what I do is something we call philosophers notes where I've distilled hundreds of great books into 20 minute super practical summaries then imagine me taking the absolute best big ideas from those great books and sharing them with you an hour-long optimal living 101 classes on everything from productivity purpose and confidence to nutrition goal-setting and conquering procrastination helping you optimize every facet of your life so you can actualize your potential you've got a personal trainer I'm kind of like your personal philosopher ancient wisdom modern science and practical tools that's what our optimized membership program is all about if you're feeling it we'd love to have you join us

  Top Comments:
  1. @johanneskoch9128 [2 likes]: This is one of my favorite channels when I'm on a work break. So much value delivered in 10-15min. This one hit the spot. Thank you so much Brian. Thank you. Let your DE shine.
  2. @arete7884 [2 likes]: wu wei seems the same as eckhart tolles presence all these teaching are very connected
  3. @PaulGoldBergVlog [2 likes]: so happy to see you crushing it with pntv's in 2018<3
  4. @rumplewang2814 [1 likes]: "De"  can be written as 德 in Chinese character.
  5. @Ulsmobile84 [1 likes]: Compliment on pronouncing these Chinese names and on your toned muscles! :)
  6. @tarfariclark7130 [1 likes]: Duh
  7. @HeroicBrian: 📘Grab the Note for FREE here:

https://go.heroic.us/fd439fBh
  8. @JPG5562: DO instead of try !
  9. @Kumar-rq9ro: Thanks.
  10. @LilachLavy-Emanuel: Thank you. I like your vibe...
  11. @Wolcik3000: nice
  12. @davidjain4099: Great video ! And, what about Bruce lee ?
  13. @OneWorldWithinProd: Brian great to see you've reviewed Edward's book. But I fin it strange that you haven't reviewed Jason Gregory's book 'Fasting the Mind' which goes further into the topic of Eastern thought and cognitive science. Also you might want to check out his YouTube series Enlightenment Now which discusses Chuang-tzu, Mencius, Lao-tzu and other Eastrn philosophies much more in depth on the relationship to cognitive science. Also another book you might want to read is 'The Geography of Thought.' That is if you're really serious about this sort of work?

- Taoism - Trying Not to Try: Kind: captions Language: en okay imagine you're playing a video game and you're the last one left your heart's pumping your brain is firing on all cylinders you're completely in the zone in fact you're so in the zone you aren't even thinking your mind is empty acting without thought your hands take over and you somehow know exactly what you need to do to land your shots and you aren't even aware of how you're doing it you aren't planning anything it's just happening you've somehow tapped into some primordial mind state free from doubts distractions and uncertainty you were possessed by some magical energy that guided you to victory this feeling of not having to think of being guided by some mysterious energy is called the dao okay that that sounds cool and all but like what exactly is the dao like can you can you define it better page one of the dao de jing the dao that can be named is not the eternal dao okay what does page two say you've only read page one haven't you no no no i've read it all but anyway so so dao translates to way or sometimes path method or style the dao is the way the underlying thing of it or principle of existence now why am i being so vague about defining the tao well because daoists believe the dao is beyond language so the dao is basically heaven no it's beyond that so it's outer space no the universe no the multiverse no the omniverse look the dao can only be understood through direct experience not through words okay well then why did they write books with lots of words in them alright think of it like this the words we use to describe things in this world aren't the thing itself the words are just an abstraction or an approximation of the thing we're describing you know you can't capture all of reality in words you can only capture little pieces of reality that humans are capable of understanding so when lao tzu wrote the tao that can be named is not the eternal dao he meant like you can't just write down a bunch of words and then think yup that's it i understand all of it now because that's not how understanding something works anyway moving on taoism emphasizes simplicity spontaneous action and intuition but to be able to understand where dallas thinkers were coming from you have to learn about the historical context in which it originated so here's a quick summary before around 200 bc china was never really one unified country having been made up of many different states from 500 bc to 200 bc was known as the warring states period an era of chaos and war where over 400 battles were fought by the different states over political control during this time many different philosophies were developed as a way to cope with the outcomes of war and adopted by different states to guide different methods of government namely confucianism and legalism both were about the strict adherence to principles of order social hierarchy and social rituals a system of rules for how you're supposed to act within society where what you should be doing is dictated by your place in the social hierarchy and who you're interacting with taoism gained popularity among many common people as a rejection of their rigidity and hierarchical nature of the other philosophies associating them with the corrupt ruling class eventually the qin dynasty prevailed conquering the other states resulting in a unified china for the first time as for the different philosophies no one idea was universally accepted over time they all blended together borrowing different ideas from each other all right well what's all this stuff about like spontaneous action and getting out of your own way [Music] okay so in taoism there's this thing called which means doing without doing not trying or non forcing it's a state of effortless action where you're doing things without needing to think about what you're doing you're doing without effort a mind state of strong yet effortless attention where you're very concentrated but it doesn't feel like you're trying to concentrate think of something like being funny have you ever met someone or maybe been this person yourself who is clearly trying too hard to be funny they try to force humor into situations where humor doesn't belong or when it's not the right time for humor they come off as contrived and the opposite of funny when you try to be funny you aren't funny but often times when you let go of this desire to be funny you are funny think of those moments when you're with your friends completely relaxed and you guys are just cracking jokes you're not trying to be funny but you're just laughing at like everything that comes out of your mouth that's when you're at your funniest or think of something like sleep have you ever known you have to be up early the next day so you try extra hard to relax and fall asleep but you end up staying up longer than you normally would have the act of trying to fall asleep has a complete opposite effect of what you want to accomplish or in a more general sense have you ever been trying so hard at something that you end up sort of stumbling over your own thoughts and intentions oftentimes it's when you let go of all your preconceived notions all these ideas about how things have to be done that you end up performing your best so wu wei is a state of being when your perception of the self that feeling of being me and the thing you are doing morphed together you become one with the action absorbed into it it's very similar to the state of flow from psychology but more on that later now you might be thinking how do i achieve this mind state this leads to a genuine paradox if you need to relax or not try to do something you can't do that by trying not to do it so how do you try not to try well first off i'd like to point out how oftentimes goals are achieved indirectly if you're trying to fall asleep you don't just try to relax you count sheep and then the act of counting sheep indirectly relaxes you if you're performing an athletic feat and you're trying to focus on whatever skill you're performing you don't just try harder you focus on your breath and that narrows your attention which strengthens your focus so people have been figuring out how to try not to try for a long time and the confucians in dallas have gone back and forth with each other on what is the best way to achieve wu wei starting with confucius who thought try really hard all the time eventually what you're trying will become second nature and then you won't have to try anymore lao tzu a taoist on the other hand thought don't try at all when you try too hard you come off as contrived and disingenuous and then mentis another confusion came along and tried to carve a middle way between the two he thought try but not too hard there is a time and place for effort there is a time and place for spontaneity zwangzha another taoist thought don't try don't not try just completely empty your mind of ideas of trying or not trying all together don't even think about it okay you keep saying try so much that i don't even really know what you mean by that anymore like what exactly does it mean to try well trying will mean different things in different contexts but the simplest way to think of trying is of exerting effort i'm gonna flash a word on the screen and i want you to say the color of the word not the word itself but just the color that it is and do it as fast as you can cool now say the color of this word so you probably have to pause for a second and catch yourself from reading the word instead of saying the color of it that brief moment where you had to exert effort and control your behavior is basically what trying is i'd also like to point out that most of these ideas came about during a time of war when lao tzu and zwangzha wrote about not trying or not forcing it was in the context of gaining political power not in the context of learning how to draw or how to backflip on a skateboard so the more nuanced question is when should you try versus when should you not try and how do you know when to do what i'd like to talk a little bit about the concept of flow in psychology a flow state is basically when you're in the zone like when you're playing a sport or a video game and you lose track of time and the next thing you know hours went by it's an enjoyable experience you're very concentrated at the time and you aren't really concerned about the past or what you're going to be doing later you're just kind of hypnotized by whatever it is you're doing in the present moment the psychologists who study flow say there are a few prerequisites to entering this state you have to eliminate all distractions that can pull you out of the flow state you have to have a very clear goal about the task and the outcome you're trying to achieve and the thing you're doing has to be challenging enough that it's not boring but not too challenging that you become discouraged and when these conditions are met you won't feel any resistance in your work knowing this you can start to see the similarity between flow states and will weigh all right well i tried my best to explain that in a way that was easy to understand and not too esoteric but don't try too hard to understand it you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FloatsGarage [3700 likes]: #1 animated underrated channel on YouTube
  2. @reyuki-i [1 likes]: 5:42 Is that achieved through continuous action and developed into a habit?
  3. @Megatron-m5j [1 likes]: In the words of a wise frog man: "Do or do not. There is no try."
Focus. But do not overexert yourself. Too much effort will cause burnout.
  4. @scottyg5403: Also the concept of Mushin or no mind! Many of these flow states only come after long practice and repetitions. I am a Martial artist and a musician.Those are both great vehicles to enter into flow or the Dao. But in my experience that only comes after hours and hours of practice and conscious thinking. And then you let the conscious mind go and it becomes automatic!!!
  5. @worscohli: bro lmao!! the way i cracked up at 5:40-5:55 :D hahaha its funny af but your soo RIGHT!!
  6. @Samigotripped: U got me impressed man
  7. @DuncanMcKokinyu: His brain is an Inline 3.
  8. @yijing-aware: Lao Tzu was a Hippie?
  9. @giannistsakiris5408: Do or do not, there is no try. Did you really miss that?
  10. @xa1119: So many questions, just answered. Your the man
  11. @crisanccm: Just find the channel .. GENIAL 🙂 ..
  12. @mrseeya6136: Can someone name the songs on the internet🥺
Great video !
  13. @GordonJordanGJ4797: I been struggling with myself lately of trying to get my goals done and seeing this i found it helpful and i think i will look in more into it thank you
  14. @DeepFleeceheart: Absolutely love how you used chappel and Lady Vagina as examples of try-hard funny persons
  15. @ananda_miaoyin: Here is the answer:
In rugby, a goal scored is called a "try."
You're welcome.
  16. @vadim-is-learning-guitar: love this - clear and simple
  17. @dantanskymonsterhunter: I've been there.  I became a Taoist.
  18. @martinwarner1178: Thanks, like your style. Peace be unto you.
  19. @saintrose3076: So, nothing to do with life after death?
  20. @BraydenMaud-u8v: U cleaned out ur chakras haven’t u I use this technique to tell to future and past I’m people u see I’m a reader a strong spiritual person who has a strong energy other reader can feel ur sadness ur energy how strong your energy is u are different u can’t be manipulated easily and u feel powerful dont let that power take over otherwise u can lose people in life that are really important u can augue I’m crazy or I’m lying but just know if I bump into u I can read ur deepest thoughts and secrets and all of ur sadness

- Trying Not to Try | Ted Slingerland | Talks at Google: Kind: captions Language: en [MUSIC PLAYING] SPEAKER: Today we're extremely thrilled to have Ted Slingerland here. He's a professor, a member of the faculty at the University of British Columbia up in Vancouver. And his specialty is a study of philosophy and Chinese thought. He's a professor of East Asian Studies and he also held a fellowship with the Centers for the Advanced Study at the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford. And this is, in fact, our third in an ongoing series of talks with members and Fellows from CASBAS. Without further ado, please join me in welcoming Ted to Google. Thank you. [APPLAUSE] TED SLINGERLAND: Thanks for having me. To get a sense of the topic of this talk, "Trying Not to Try," the best way to get a feel for this paradox that I'm going to be talking about is actually a game at my local science museum called Mind Ball. So the set up is pretty simple. You have two players at either end of the table. There's a little metal ball between them. And the goal is just to push the metal ball to the other side of the table. It gets there. A buzzer goes off, and you win. So a very simple setup. The twist is that you're not using your hands. You're using your mind. So I have my head against an EEG monitor there. And what that's picking up is alpha and beta waves. So alpha and beta waves are the activity your brain kicks off when it's in a rest state, when it's relaxed, when it's not trying. The way the game is constructed is the more alpha and beta waves you produce, the more force you exert on the ball. So the more you relax, the harder you push the ball. So the way to win at mind ball is to not try to win. You have to actually out relax your opponent, and it's incredibly difficult to do. The first time I played I thought I'd do-- I'm a professor of Chinese philosophy. I'll do some Zen thing. I'll be fine. And I had my eyes closed. And I could hear-- it makes a noise when the ball moves back and forward. It goes, eeh, eeh. And finally, I couldn't resist. I opened my eyes. And I was winning. The ball was almost at the other end of the table. And I thought, oh, I'm winning. And as soon as I thought that, the ball turned around and started rolling back toward me. And I started going, relax, relax, Zen, Zen. And it didn't work. So I got crushed by the person I was playing against. It's challenging. What I like about the game is that it compresses into the smallest possible space this paradox of how you can force yourself to not try. How can you try to relax when you know that the key to succeeding is relaxation? How do you use your conscious mind to shut your conscious mind down? So it's really-- it's a great way of getting a sense of the paradox. Now, this tension, this mind ball problem, is something that you see throughout life. In certain sub-communities in our culture are aware of this. So athletes know that they're at their best when they're in the zone, when they're relaxed. They're not thinking about what they're doing. They're just playing their game. And they worry a lot about falling out of the zone. Because once you fall out, it's like the mind ball problem. It's very hard to get yourself back in again. Performers-- so people, musicians, actors-- are also very aware of this. They know they're at their best when they're absorbed. They're not thinking too much And they also worry very much about the choking, about falling out of the zone. So there are certain sub-communities who are aware of this, the power of spontaneity and the problems involved with being spontaneous. But what we don't recognize, I think, as widely is that this is a tension we all experience. Even if we're not athletes or performers, we experience this tension on a regular basis. So a good example is insomnia. So you have an important meeting the next day. You know that you need to be well-rested. You know that you're tired. If you could just shut your mind down, you know you would fall asleep. But how do you shut your mind down? How do you use your mind to shut your mind down? You think about social situations, so a job interview or a first date. The best advice you can get is relax. People say that to you, right? Relax, be yourself. But how are you going to relax if faced by this, right? And in a situation that is objectively not relaxing, how do you force yourself to relax when you need to? This is the mind ball problem, or the paradox of trying not to try. So you see it throughout daily life. We run into it all the time. We don't tend to talk about it very much. So we don't have-- athletes have some words for it, like the zone. But we don't tend to talk about this very much, which is odd. And I think it's partly because our culture tends to focus a lot more on things like working and trying and striving. So our culture focuses on the opposite of spontaneity, on effort. So we send our preschoolers to Kumon schools so they can cram and get into the best elementary schools and get into the best high schools. So they can pop Ritalin and get into the best colleges. And then they're going to be us, constantly multitasking, constantly on 20 devices at once, never shutting down the flow of information. And even the bedroom is no refuge anymore. Most people fall asleep tightly clutching their smartphones, sending off that last tweet. So we're constantly striving. We're constantly trying. We get very little downtime, I think, in our daily lives. And technology's just making this worse. We used to have downtime built into our lives, and now we don't anymore. Now, this would all maybe be OK if it were the case that striving always worked. So if it were the case that all important goals in life were things that we could acquire through striving. Maybe this is just our fate to be like Sisyphus, always pushing this stone up the mountain. The problem with that is that that's not true. So there are a lot of very important goals in life that cannot be attained through direct striving. You can't pursue them directly. So for instance, charisma-- if you're trying to be 007, you're not going to be 007. You've got to pull it off that way, right? Creativity-- artistic creativity, intellectual creativity-- is notoriously something that you can't force. It's got to come to you. It's got to come spontaneously. Something like love of learning or love in general is not something you can force on a kid. It's got to come from within. We have a sense that things like love have to spontaneously arise from within somebody. You can't try to do it. And if you try to do it, you're going to ruin it. Same thing with things like fun or happiness. If you pursue it directly, you crush it. We've all been at these parties where hosts have been saying, have fun. Let's have fun. Those are always the worst parties, right? If you're trying to have fun, you're not going to have fun. So there are a lot of these goals that just can't be obtained through striving. So striving is actually counterproductive in these cases. Why do we not realize this? And why do we not have language for the opposite of striving? We don't tend to have good words for these things. I think it's partly the result of a philosophical hangover. So we are very much the heirs of Enlightenment thought, people like Emmanuel Kant, Rene Descartes, who have bequeathed to us what I'm going to call the disembodied myth. So this is this picture that what we are fundamentally is minds, disembodied minds. So we have bodies, but bodies are just there to kind of carry us around, get energy to our minds. But what we are is fundamentally minds. And so that means the way we obtain anything worthwhile in this myth is through rationality, so using amodal rationality to think, reason, our way through dilemmas or to pursue goals. Self-control-- so the mind needs to control the body. The body has got some potentially dangerous impulses that have to be brought under control. And it's all about conscious effort. So anything worthwhile in this model is obtained through conscious effort in these three things. Now, the reason I call this the myth, disembodied myth, is it's pretty clear that this is not accurate from a cognitive scientific perspective. So the so-called embodied cognition movement in cognitive science has been arguing for a long time-- there's fairly good consensus-- that we're not brains in a vat. We're not disembodied minds. We're embodied. The way in we think is inextricably tied up with our embodiment. So that means that we think in metaphors. We think in images. And these are not just turns of phrase. We actually really are thinking in imagistic terms. We think with our body. A lot of our knowledge is tacit. A lot of our most important knowledge is not something explicit or conscious. It's something that we've built into our body, our bodily knowledge, essentially. And this whole body-mind complex that we are was designed by evolution for doing things, for moving through the world in an effective way, not for thinking, not for abstract thinking. We're capable of abstract thinking. But it's not really what we're built for. So we are integrated mind-body systems. Now, given that, where did the disembodied myth come from? So why did it arise? Why is it appealing to people? It must have some appeal because it's lasted for a long time. The source of the disembodied myth, despite our embodied nature, is this experience we do have of being split. So we often experience a kind of tension within ourselves. We say things like, I had to drag myself out of bed this morning. Who's dragging whom, right? There's only one person there. Who's in the bed? Who's doing the dragging? I had to hold my tongue. Who are you if not your tongue? Who's holding what? It's just a very strange way to talk. It seems like metaphors. But it's not metaphorical in the sense that it's reflecting this tension we feel between parts of ourselves. And what I want to submit is what we're feeling when we feel that tension is a tension between two basic cognitive systems we have. body-mind systems. But we have two basic modes of cognition. And social psychologists, cognitive scientists have different terms for this-- hot versus cold, system one, system two, bottom up, top down. Everybody has their own favorite terminology, But basically they're integrated. They're designed to work together. But they are distinct. And they're neuro anatomically distinct. You can knock one out and preserve the other one. So they do seem to be different systems. The hot system, system one, is emotional. It's fast. It's frugal. It's automatic. And it's mostly unconscious. So we don't have typically conscious access to hot or system-one cognition. System two, or cold cognition, is non-emotional. It's slower. It's under executive control. So it's what allows us to kind of stop something that's happening and choose another thing to do, and it's conscious. So this is the seat of our conscious awareness of ourselves and also the conscious narrative we tell about ourselves that help us understand who we are and why we're doing what we're doing. So I think what we feel this kind of tension is essentially the body-mind dualism. This idea that there's a tension between the two falls out of the two-system nature of our minds. We tend to associate with system two. That's us. So when we have to drag ourselves out of bed in the morning, it's system two that knows we have an important meeting that's struggling with system one, the bodily systems that want to stay asleep, that are enjoying being asleep. So this explains why this tension arises, why it seems intuitive to us. It also, I think, explains why trying not to try is a real paradox. When I see that metal ball rolling back toward me and I say, stop thinking, relax, the part of my mind that I'm using is a part that needs to be shut down. The part of mind that you're accessing when you are consciously trying to relax or stop thinking, you're activating the very thing that you need to deactivate. So the two-system model of the mind explains why the paradox It is a genuine cognitive paradox. You need to get around it somehow indirectly. Now, that said it's a real paradox. We do need to get around it somehow. Because if we want to access the power of our hot systems, our embodied cognition, we need to figure out ways to get around this paradox of trying not to try. And this is where I find early Chinese philosophy, my basic specialty, very helpful. Because what I sometimes call the mainstream thinkers in early China-- the Taoists and Confusions-- actually embraced an embodied model of the self. So they didn't see us as split fundamentally between body and mind in some really strong way. And they realized that you needed to cultivate bodily types of emotions and intuitions if you're going to produce an excellent person, somebody who's going to be successful in the world. Because they had this embodied model, they also had some concepts, some philosophical concepts, that are not, I think, very well known in the West but I think are helpful for us to learn about. So one of these is this idea of wu-wei. It literally means "no doing" or "no trying." I like to translate it as "effortless action," because you're often very active when you're in a state of wu-wei. It's a state where it's a lot like being in the zone as an athlete. You lose a sense of yourself as an agent. You lose a sense of effort. You don't feel like you're exerting effort, and yet everything works out perfectly. You're successful. Everything's going the way you want it to go. One of the best illustrations of wu-wei is a story in this Taoist text, "The Zhuangzi" about Butcher Ding. So he's cutting up this ox in what's probably a very important public ceremony. So there's a huge crowd watching him. And he's got to cut up this enormous animal, and he just kind of waves his cleaver, and the ox falls apart. And it's like he's dancing or performing classical music. And the ruler who's watching him do this says, how did you do that? That was amazing. And the butcher says, well, I don't have any skill. I don't know what I did. I didn't really do anything. But then he's pressed on it, and he says, well, what I do is I shut down. Essentially, I shut down my cold cognition. I shut down my mind. I shut down my perception. And as he puts it, I let my spirit guide me. He says, I let my spiritual desires guide me, and they guide me through the spaces in the ox in between the bones and the ligaments. I never touch anything. I'm just moving in the spaces in between. And it's pretty clear this is supposed to be a metaphor for our lives. We're supposed to live our lives like the cleaver going through the ox. So what's interesting about this is he's talking about, I think, essentially hot cognition as a force within him. So in the early Chinese world view, this thing, this spirit, is implanted in the Zhuangzian view, at least, implanted in us by heaven, the supreme high god heaven. And it's something that can guide us. If we can loosen the hold of the mind upon us, it's something I think from a contemporary perspective the best way to think about it is that he shut down his cold cognition. And he's allowing his trained hot cognition, so not just what he's born with but something he's trained up over a long period, to take over and do its work without the interference of the conscious mind. Another analogy or helpful way to think about this that I use with my students sometimes is the "Star Wars" example. So the end of the first "Star Wars" movie, at least the first for us older people, Luke Skywalker is going to blow up the Death Star. He's got to fly down this trench with his photon torpedoes in this very small opening. And he turns on his targeting computer, and he hears in his head Obiwan's voice, right? He said, Luke, use the force. And he shuts off his targeting computer. And everyone back at Rebel Base is like, what are you doing? You turned off your targeting computer! He says, don't worry about it. And he taps into the force. He fires his torpedoes. They go into the little vent and blows up the Death Star. And he returns back to the Rebel Base triumphant, a very romantic reunion with Princess Leia. It was romantic back then. It's kind of creepy now. We didn't know about the whole brother-sister thing when I was little. But what I like about this is it's the same basic idea, right? The targeting computer's cold cognition, right? You're shutting down your conscious mind, your perception, and you're tapping into some deeper, bigger force that's going to guide you the right way. What's interesting, too, and very few people realize this is is there's a direct historical connection between Butcher Ding and Luke Skywalker. So "The Zhuangzi" are this text. "The Zhuangzi" is an early Taoist text, pre-Buddhist Taoist text. It becomes the main influence in Chan Buddhism, an early form of Chinese Buddhism. Chan Buddhism goes to Japan, becomes Zen Buddhism. Zen's the Japanese pronunciation of the same character. Zen Buddhism becomes one of the two main components in the Bushido Ideal, the ideal of the samurai. The ideal of the samurai becomes a huge influence on the films of Kurosawa. And George Lucas in several interviews has said that he was inspired by the samurai ideal when he was thinking about the Jedi knights. So there's actually a direct-- it's very torturous, but there's a direct historical connection between that Butcher Ding story and Luke Skywalker. You basically swap the cleaver out for a lightsaber, and it's the same basic idea. You're surrendering conscious control to this force within you that's more powerful than the small conscious self. Another helpful way to think about this, another contemporary concept that's helpful, is this idea of flow. So a lot of people have heard of Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi's idea of flow. And it shares a lot of the phenomenological, or kind of from the inside feel features of wu-wei. So you lose a sense of the passage of time. You are successful, and you don't feel like you're actually doing anything. For Csikszentmihalyi, though, for him, the crucial thing about flow is complexity and challenge. So he says he wants to distinguish flow from other states, like zoning out in front of the TV eating Doritos, where you lose the sense of passage of time. But you emerge from that feeling dirty and bored and not energized. What's special about flow, he thinks, is it's you're in this flow channel, the perfect combination of your skill and the challenge of the situation. So if it's too challenging, you get anxious or frustrated. If it's too easy, you get bored. So you've got to be in that perfect match between your skill and the situation. And that means that you've got to be constantly ramping up both of those things. So as you get better at the activity, you've got to ramp up the challenges, or you're going to fall out of the flow channel into boredom. So for him, it's about-- he talks about this ever-spiraling challenge and complexity. Now, this fits certain types of situations that we'd call flow, or wu-wei, so high-stakes rock climbing, competitive tennis. There's a lot-- kayaking this fits as well. The problem is it doesn't actually fit Csikszentmihalyi's own survey data. So Csikszentmihalyi's survey data-- he's now done decades of this, he and his colleagues-- have shown that most people report flow in situations like walking in a landscape that they've been in a hundred times and they know really well on a level path. There's no ropes or chains involved. There's nothing challenging. They're just walking, but they feel like they're in flow. Another very common place people report flow is social situations, hanging out with kids or hanging out with family members or friends over a meal-- again, very low challenge, very low complexity. So there's something his definition of what we'd want to call flow or wu-wei is missing something. And I think this is where wu-wei is actually a more helpful concept. It's actually a bigger umbrella concept. So for the early Chinese what defines wu-wei, what sets it apart from other states, is being absorbed in something larger than yourself. So you're part of something that's bigger than yourself. Something else is kind of taking over in a way. And crucially, it's something that you value. So it's a bigger whole that as philosophers would say is normatively positive. You value it as something important. It doesn't have to be life-shaking. It could just be something that you care about doing well. But something bigger than you that you value is what induces wu-wei. That's how you get into this state. Now, for the early Chinese this was a theological concept. And so for them the larger whole was this metaphysical order to the universe. It was the Tao, so The Way, The Cosmic Way. So you're in a state of wu-wei when you can get in touch with the Tao and let the Tao carry you along. For contemporary people who don't share the early Chinese world view, it's got to be other stuff. It can't be this thing. It could be, though, theological. So for people who are traditionally religious, they often get into a flow, wu-wei, state in situations where they're worshipping with other people. So it could be a theological idea. I think more typically, again, we get into it in everyday situations where we're enjoying the people we're with. We're enjoying taking care of small children. We get into wu-wei, or flow, in landscapes that we value that we love. There are certain landscapes, like Point Reyes, that put me instantly into a state of wu-wei. Activities that we like, so cooking, whatever your hobbies are that you care about, especially typically ones that you share with other people, there's a strong social component to wu-wei. So there's a variety of ways. And as modern people we tend-- often these different larger wholes are not connected in any kind of coherent way. There's no story you could tell that explains why you like cooking and Point Reyes and kayaking. But they fit together in your mind in some way that's hard to articulate. And the key thing is that they all put you into this state. So that's the first of the concepts I want to introduce, The second is this idea. Unfortunately, in modern Mandarin it's pronounced "duh," which always makes my students giggle. It's sometimes translated as "Virtue" with a capital V. But I prefer something more like charismatic power. This is a power-- it's a kind of aura that you kick off when So if you're in wu-wei, you emanate de. And so this is the thing that as a Confucian ruler allows you to cause people to follow you without coercion. You don't have to make them follow you. They just flock to you, and they want to obey you. If you're a Taoist, it's what allows you to move among people and even animals without being harmed. Everyone's kind of relaxed around you. So it's this very crucial power. It explains especially the social success of people who are in a state of wu-wei. Now, again, for the early Chinese the connection is explained in theological terms. So when you're in a state of wu-wei, you're in harmony with heaven. Heaven likes you because you're doing what heaven wants. And so heaven gives you this power as a way-- it's kind of like a star on your forehead saying, this person's OK. Follow what they say, or don't hurt them. So it's connected theologically. I think, again, we could tell a kind of modern updated naturalized version of this story, where we see the connection between wu-wei and de in cognitive terms, in cognitive scientific terms. But doing this is going to be a little bit more complicated than the wu-wei story alone. And we have to go all the way back to the Pleistocene to explain this. So human beings have spent most of our evolutionary history in small hunter-gatherer bands, just like our primate ancestors-- so bands where we were related to or we knew most of the people we were interacting with. And then in an evolutionary blink of an eye-- I mean, agriculture was super recent if you have a longtime view on the level of species-- we start living in these large-scale societies. So agricultural societies where we're interacting with strangers all the time. We're having to coordinate with massive numbers of people way beyond what we ever had to do in our evolutionary history. And it's a very successful strategy. So 99.9% of people living today are living in large-scale societies of one kind or another. It's a very successful strategy. There's a bit of a mystery about how we pull it off. Because going from a small-scale village or a hunter-gatherer life to large-scale societies involves various cooperation dilemmas that we're not equipped biologically to deal with. We haven't had time to evolve to deal with these things. So there's got to be some kind of new mechanisms going on that help us get through some of these cooperation dilemmas. There's a variety of them. The one that I want to focus on is one identified by the Cornell economist, Robert Frank. So he's talked a lot about this idea of the emotions as having a kind of rational function in human cooperation dilemmas, and particularly in dilemmas that he talks about as commitment dilemmas. So these are situations where you have a cooperation situation that can only be solved by some kind of emotional commitment between people. The classic example is the prisoner's dilemma. And actually, right now at the Exploratorium in San Francisco they have an exhibit on social cognition and that you can do You can play it in various iterations. So it's fun. I'd recommend seeing this display. The classic set up in the prisoner's dilemma, you have two prisoners that are being held separately. They've done something. They've done a crime. They're guilty. And yet the DA doesn't have enough evidence. He doesn't have a very good case against them. And so they are offered a deal. So one thing they could do is if they both just shut up, they'll get very little jail time. They'll both go to jail for a month, because they don't have a very good case against them. But they're being offered a deal where if they rat on the other person, they get off scot-free. Then the other person has to go to jail for a full year. That's the deal that's being offered. Now, the problem in the prisoner's dilemma-- they're being held separately. They can't communicate. Even if they could communicate, they'd have no way to enforce any kind of agreement they came to. The only rational decision in prisoner's dilemmas is to confess and betray, to defect, as economists say. And so what a purely rational being is going to get-- so they end up both confessing and betraying and get three months in jail, which is better than a year. That's why you have to do it if you're rational. But it's not great. It'd be better to just do one month in jail. Purely rational beings are always going to lose in the prisoner's dilemma. They're always going to get a suboptimal outcome in the prisoner's dilemma. What's interesting is that human beings-- Vulcans can't solve Humans can. And the way humans do it-- so we often solve prisoner's dilemmas, and there's multiple forms of this in everyday life-- through things like trust or honor. So why do gang members not betray each other? Because they have honor. They're not going to betray their fellow gang member. These are emotions. And the emotions are basically-- this is Frank's argument. I think he's right about this. The emotions are pre-binding us. They're forcing us into honoring an agreement, even when it becomes not rational to honor it, when it becomes against our self-interest to honor it. One way to think of this, I think, that's helpful as the myth of Odysseus. So he knows that when he sails-- he wants to hear the Sirens, but he knows the future Odysseus is not going to be able to resist the Sirens when he hears the Siren call. So he has his sailors tie him to the mast and put wax in their ears so they don't hear the sirens. He's bound himself. Odysseus won. Odysseus in the present is now making Odysseus two-- is forcing his decision in a way that Odysseus two has no choice over anymore. He's pre-binding himself. This is what emotions do for us. Emotions like honor and loyalty and love bind us to cooperation dyads or triads or larger groups in a way that's immune to defection because we've now bound ourselves. So that's the power of commitments. So emotional commitments are crucial for human beings. These type of dilemmas arise all the time in human life. There's a problem with these though. There's an issue with emotional commitments. And that's really the best strategy, if you have commitment things going on, is to be able to fake commitments. It's to have your sailors tie you to the mast, but it's not tied very tightly. You can get out of it if you want to. That would be ideal. So there's going to be pressure on people to cheat, to fake commitments, because then they get all the benefits of the commitment interaction without paying any of the costs. And you're going to also expect a kind of evolutionary arms race, where people are going to get better at detecting people who are faking commitments. You're going to expect this to get ramped up. And so the worry in commitment interactions is hypocrisy, so people faking the commitment to get the benefits. The solution, or at least partial solution, involves signaling of various kinds. And so this idea of signaling, one of the most helpful ways to think of it is in the non-human animal world-- costly signaling. So this is an idea that developed when people were trying to explain things like gazelles. So when a gazelle is approached on the savanna by a predator, instead of running away right away, it stops. It just jumps up and down in place. It's the weirdest thing you've ever seen. You're just like, what's the matter with you? There's a lion, run! But they don't. And the argument in it, and it seems to be the case, is that this is a signal. The gazelle is saying look how high I can jump. Don't try to chase me, because you won't catch me. And you'll waste time. I'll waste time. So why don't you go find a weaker gazelle who can't stot like I can. And I'm going to keep eating my grass and win-win situation. And this really seems to be what happens. The lion's like, yeah, you're right. I can't catch you. And they go off and find another gazelle. Everyone wins. It only works, though, because it's inherently unfakable. If you didn't have strong legs, you couldn't stot. You couldn't jump that high. So there are these kind of unfakable signals in the animal world. In human beings, there's a kind of equivalent in these relatively unfakable signals that we kick off in emotional displays and facial displays. So the classic example is-- these must have been European researchers. So here's the pan-American smile, the superficial way Americans smile. This is a system two smile. This is consciously willed. You're using your conscious mind to make this smile. This is the so-called Duchenne smile. That's a sincere smile. That's hot cognition. It's different muscle systems in the face, and they're run by the different systems. One's run by system two. One's run by system one. So what we're looking for when we're evaluating someone who says that they're loyal, who says that they honor the gang, and they always want to be a member of our gang, we want to see this. We want to see something like the Duchenne smile. We want to see a facial expression that reflects a lack of cognitive effort. So we trust and we tend to willingly engage in commitment situations with people who are not kicking off signs of cognitive control. So I think that's the kind of signaling that human beings do with one another. And I think this explains the connection between trust and spontaneity, basically between wu-wei and de, is that when we see people who seem to be sincere-- they don't seem to be making effort-- we like them. We trust them. We want to follow them. We wish they would run for president, right? This is basically human beings using the mind ball paradox as a social signal. We're taking advantage of the fact that you can't force spontaneity to use it as a relatively honest signal. At least unless someone's a really good faker, we're going to use it as an honest signal. And this then explains the connection between wu-wei and de in a naturalistic way. You don't have to tell the story about heaven giving to you as a power. It's that we trust people who are not kicking off And there's a whole bunch of evidence-- I only got some of it in the book-- that people who are spontaneous behave properly. They cooperate better. And as soon as you give people time to think, then they start cheating. They start getting more selfish. The default strategy for most people in large-scale societies, at least, is to cooperate. So I think this is one way that Chinese philosophy can be very helpful. We have this connection between these ideas in early China that are explained theologically but actually points in directions of new research. So there hasn't been a lot of work on this, the role of trust and commitment and spontaneity and human collaboration. It's now starting to get off the ground. But this can be very helpful. There are new ideas that can help us understand things in our own world, like how a short-fingered vulgarian could defeat a vastly more qualified and dignified opponent. He's got de. It's evil de. You can have evil de. This is where I think the Chinese are wrong. She completely lacks it. She's wooden. She lacks that kind of sense. People don't trust her because she's kicking off signs of cognitive control constantly. I think if you look at videos of the two of them, that's what it comes down to. People trust him because he's spontaneous. He's spontaneously evil, but he's spontaneous. People like it. So that's one way these ideas can be helpful. They explain things in our contemporary world that otherwise seem baffling. Another way early Chinese thought can be helpful is they worried about something like the mind ball paradox a lot. They all wanted to get So they developed these techniques for getting around the paradox that are actually quite sophisticated. So I walk through these in the book. There's the Confucius carving and polishing strategies. So basically, try really hard for a long time, then the trying will fall away, and you'll able to be spontaneous. There's the Laozian stop trying. Go back to nature. Be like that unhewn wood. Get back in touch with your real nature. That'll allow you to be spontaneous. There's the Mencian strategy that kind of splits the difference. We've got the beginnings of proper wu-wei within us, but they're not strong enough. We need to cultivate them, help them along. But we can't force it too much. We've got to just be like a patient farmer cultivating sprouts. And then there's the Zhuangzian forget about trying. Forget about not trying. Just let go, and everything will be OK. The spirit will take over, and you'll be fine. So you have these different strategies. None of them works in a 100% way, right? Because it's a real paradox. If one of these strategies worked, it wouldn't be a paradox. But each of them is a helpful way to try to get around the paradox, in the same way people have strategies like counting sheep or whatever when you're trying to get to sleep. You've got to fake yourself out to get into a state of wu-wei. Which of these strategies is the most helpful probably depends on the situation-- so the details of the barriers to spontaneity that you're facing. Life stage-- so carving and polishing is, I think, clearly more important when you're younger. You just don't have the properly trained hot cognition yet to trust your hot cognition. And probably personality type-- so what's appropriate for an introvert may not be appropriate for an extrovert. There may be kind of innate differences in which strategy works the best for people. But I think there's something very helpful about having at your disposal a toolbox of different strategies that you can pick from depending upon the situation. So I think that's an important thing. Another important thing is just having these words, expanding our vocabulary. So I've found that people who know me or read my work start using wu-wei all the time. You're not being very wu-wei about this. Why don't you try to be a little more wu-wei. Come on, man. She has no de. I said this to people watching tapes of Hillary Clinton deliver speeches. Like, that woman has no de. People start using these terms. And I think what this reflects is a cognitive conceptual gap in the English language, so in the same way that we adopted the words schadenfreude from German because we feel schadenfreude. We just didn't have a word for it. Words matter. Words help us focus on aspects of existence that we maybe don't pay enough attention to because we don't have a word for it. We don't necessarily identify it and single it out. So I think that's helpful. Another helpful thing is just the role of trust. So we tend to focus, I think, too much on contracts and explicit agreements and rules and miss the fact that most human interactions, whether in the workspace or in larger society, are about commitments. So looking at the spontaneity trust connection makes you think more about the fact that human interactions are about commitments and not contracts. It's about emotional ties people have. So that's another helpful thing. Specific policy things-- don't underestimate the power of alcohol. So this is going to be the next book topic. But alcohol is a very fast way to deactivate your system two, at least temporarily. I think that in the workplace right now you have a problem where people are having dry holiday parties and discouraging people from going out drinking after work. And what they're worried about is that, right? That can happen at office parties. So they're weighing the potential for this kind of disaster against what? People having fun. So it seems like the math is a no-brainer. You just don't do it. I think they're missing the point that when you don't give people this cultural tool-- it's a cultural tool we've developed-- you make them less able to form commitment ties to one another. about human beings for millennia have been poisoning themselves, taking perfectly good foodstuffs and turning them into poison for some reason. And it's because it helps people get past cooperation dilemmas by temporarily down-regulating our defenses, our cognitive control. So I think that when we shake hands, when you shake hands with someone, you're basically saying, look, I don't have a weapon in my dominant hand. So I'm not trying to fool you or hurt you. Do a couple of shots with someone, you're basically taking your prefrontal cortex out and putting it on the table and saying, like, no cognitive control. So what I say is really what I think. You can trust me. And this is the reason why when Skype was invented everyone was like, oh, well, people will stop traveling for work, because why would you fly to Shanghai if you can Skype with people there? People still fly to Shanghai. And that's because people don't trust other people unless they sit in a room with them and typically share a meal and typically get a little bit wasted with them. Because there's a sense that when you see someone in that kind of context, you get a-- and also you're reading body signals. You're getting all this incredibly thick bandwidth of information and person that you don't get over Skype or the phone. So that's an important insight. And so the Chinese sometimes used drunkenness as a metaphor for wu-wei. There's something to that. It's a shortcut to down-regulating your mind. And there is some evidence also of-- there's this idea that artists have long had about the muse, that intoxication causes creativity to happen. And there's some evidence for that. So you get people mildly drunk in the lab, and they do better at creativity tasks. You can't get them too drunk. Then they get bad again. But there's a sweet spot where they're really good. I presented on this years ago. And the book came out of the Google campus in Irvine. And the first person to raise their hand was Balmer Peak. So I looked into the Balmer Peak. Apparently there's a very narrow blood alcohol concentration where you guys code a lot better. That's the theory. Afterwards they took me to their wall of-- they have a room of scotch down there. I don't know if you guys are that cool. But they have a real amazing room of scotch. And I think what's interesting about that is you see, I think, places like Google have realized that if your business model is predicated on creativity and making breakthroughs and figuring stuff out, making people just sit in front of the screen for a certain number of hours a day is not going to get you that. The striving, striving, striving doesn't work. And so these guys told me. They said, when we're facing a conceptual problem, we go to the scotch room and have a little bit of scotch. And then we play some ping pong. And then eventually we figure things out. You need to create space for creativity to happen. You can't force creativity directly by chaining someone to a desk until they come up with an idea. So that's important-- workplace design and work culture. And at the most abstract level, embodied cognition-- so if you take things like wu-wei seriously, you take seriously the fact that we have embodied ways of being in the world that are very powerful and very important. Abstract knowledge alone is not enough. You can have abstract knowledge and not be good at things. You need to train imagination. So when you educate kids, you need to train them how to problem solve and how to think, not just a set of facts about the world. And I think this is something we're terrible at right now is you've got to create space for your unconscious to do its work, for your body to do its work. So right now we bombard ourselves with constant information. We never have time to actually integrate the information that we already have. So you need to create space for wu-wei to happen. You have to go for walks in the mountains. You have to let your mind wander a little bit. You could do this through physical activity, so things that distract your mind from itself because you're doing something with your body. And also, I think crucially, you've got to sleep. So those people who are striving-oriented tend to view sleep as just this horrible waste of time. How can we minimize that wasted time? It's not wasted time. When you're sleeping, you're doing important work. You're pruning neural connections. You're integrating the knowledge you acquired during the day. It's a very good example of something that looks like you're doing nothing, but you're doing a lot. And people who don't get enough sleep just don't have a good enough integration of the knowledge they've been acquiring during the day. So we need to build more space into our lives in a way we don't have enough, I think. So when the book came out, it was originally marketed as a self-help book, which I advised against. And what happened is exactly what I predicted. People who bought it as a self-help book were pissed off, because they thought there'd be 10 steps to being a Zen master. And they could just follow the 10 steps and be fine. The fortune cookie's empty. The early Chinese don't have any kind of magic formula for how to attain wu-wei. So it's not helpful directly in that kind of self-helpy way. Where it is, I think, helpful is by focusing our attention on the importance of embodied cognition, the imagination, the importance of trusting our body in certain situations, and crucially, also getting us to see how this spontaneity is linked to trust and how spontaneity is really at the center of human success in a lot of areas of our lives. So thank you. AUDIENCE: So in this era of quantified segmented cells, where every moment, every breath has to be justified, and time cards, and we are quantifying ourselves in so many ways-- number of steps, the number of breaths, number of heartbeats, all of that. It really seems completely counter to this idea of flow and trust and unquantified cells where creativity can bloom. So in fact, it sounds like we are poisoning ourselves with all this quantification. What do you think? TED SLINGERLAND: Yeah, no, I totally agree. This is one of the problems is that we don't build in enough time for these things. And technology has made it worse. So when I was a student, you always had-- like you had enforced downtime. At the very least, when you're walking from one class to another, there's nothing else you can do except look at the squirrels running around the trees and let your mind wander. Now I look at my students, and they're constantly plugged in somehow or answering texts. They never actually are not taking in information. And I think that's really troubling. I think it's going to-- and it's going to have effects down the line in terms of people's ability to really have creative breakthroughs. So I think smart companies actually are aware that you need to give people some unstructured time and create ways for them to interact in ways that aren't being quantified. What did we accomplish in this meeting? It's not clear. But we drank some good scotch and we played some good foosball. And maybe like next week, we're going to have some benefit from that. But it's hard to predict. AUDIENCE: Thank you very much for this talk. And I'm Chinese. I'm so proud of you bringing so many Chinese culture to your book. And I just finished a book "Thinking Fast and Slow." And it does say that when we do a lot of things, we should use our system two, right? But here you talk about wu-wei. That seems a conflict of ideas. And especially when we do investment, we should be reasonable. So do you think that wu-wei can contribute to the investment? TED SLINGERLAND: Yeah. Oh, to the investment? Yeah, that's a good question. So that's an important point. So Kahneman's book, which I flashed briefly up there, "Thinking Fast and Slow," the work that he's done on two-system thought is how system one's dangerous, and you need to guard against system one and actually use system two. And the situations-- and he's right about that. We're subject to all these kind of errors of thinking when we're trusting our system one, and that really has to do with a mismatch between our evolved cognition and the structure of modern life. We're just not built to reason about investment. We're not built to reason about climate change, right? Climate change is such a big thing. We just don't deal with causality well intuitively on that level. And that's where we either have to use system two. And system two-- so I've been emphasizing that the power of system one partly as a corrective. Obviously, system two is crucial. There's a reason we evolved it. It's super expensive physiologically. So we wouldn't have it if it wasn't really important. So in situations like climate change, investment, you either need to switch into system two to do it right. And Kahneman's focused most on that, on correcting your intuitions. Or you need to figure out a way to make your system one do the things that system two wants it to do. And so that's where I think things like Al Gore doesn't just give you the stats. He shows you a polar bear drowning in the Arctic because there's no more ice. You've got to make the-- you can take system two insights and build them into your system one. And that's actually it. So the Confucian and self-cultivation strategy is interesting, because the model seems to be they have these insights using cold cognition. It's not what they're born with. So for instance, Xunzi, this late Warring States Confucian, he's got this passage where he talks about where did ritual-- and by this he really means all of Confucian culture-- where did it come from? And he says the sage king saw the state of nature. People were fighting with each other. It was too chaotic. And he hated it. And so they seemed to then switch into system two cognition and say, what would be the best way to distribute resources in a society? And so they're using cold cognition and what seems to be utilitarian reasoning. But Western philosophers would then stop there. And then they would say, let's teach everyone how to reason using utilitarianism. They say, OK, now let's design rituals and music and things that will take that cold insight and build it into people's hot cognition so they can really actually do it reliably. So that's the other-- so to get around the limitations of our system one is either to switch purely into system two, which probably is appropriate in some situations, or to use system two insights to transform. Because system one is fungible. You can change it. That's how skill acquisition happens, right? So you can reshape your emotions and your virtues in ways that I think the Confucians had some really powerful cultural technologies for doing. Kahneman focuses more on how our system one is prone to errors. That's why I tend to, in a corrective way, try to emphasize how system one's really important. AUDIENCE: I like the concepts, at least the words that you put up, wu-wei and de. I used to call it like emotional and rational, something much more vague. And actually my question was a little bit that if you go full emotional, full wu-wei, you lose all rationality, that's not ideal. You become more like pure instinct, more animalesque. But on the other side, full rational system two, in this context, is just too dry. It's not a healthy way to live and eventually grinds out way too much. So everyone, I guess, has to find like their middle in between where to use system two, where to use system one. And the idea is to flow as much as possible. But you're right that we have to be able to actually take one system when intuition is just wrong. TED SLINGERLAND: It's also important to realize that system one is not fixed. System one can get reshaped in a variety of ways. So we're not just stuck with a system one that we had when we were four-year-olds. AUDIENCE: But I think one of the problems is that when we consciously try to change our system one in ways that are actually not natural to us, when we try to out-force ourself-- I don't know. It's just a comment. I don't really have a question about it. you need to work. So that's where the Mencian-- I like the Mencian model a lot, because he is saying we've got to change our system one. We just have these sprouts. We need to make them grow into full-grown virtues, but you can't force it. He has a story about a farmer who goes out and pulls on his sprouts to try to make them grow faster and kills them. So you can't be like the Mohist utilitarians who want to pull on their sprouts. But you also can't be lazy and sit around and not water or weed at all. You've got to do something. So the important thing to realize is that none of the early Chinese thinkers really think we're OK at birth. Even the most radicals, so people like Laozi, who says, let's go back to our original nature, he's writing this. So the people he's talking to are already messed up. So they need to go back to something that's a kind of manufactured nature, that he's imagining is what our true nature is. So I think all these things-- no one thinks that we want to have the hot cognition we had when we were four-year-olds. Toddlers are not a model of how we want to behave. So the trick then is how much shaping is appropriate and how much cold cognition is appropriate. And that's where the splits between, for instance, the Taoists and Confucians arise. The Taoists think the Confucians are overdoing it and turning us into robots. And the Confucians think that the Taoists are kind of lazy children who don't understand civilized life. And the two play off each other. I don't think the "Tao Te Ching" or "The Zhuangzi" make sense except as kind of protest movements against this kind of excessive training-- what they see as excessive training. So there's a balance you need to strike. And the fact that none of these schools ever really wins out in early China suggests that there's no right answer. There's no right way to get that balance. AUDIENCE: So you mentioned ways in which technology makes the problem worse. Do you see any ways in which technology helps or can help? I'm looking forward to self-driving cars. I'm looking forward to a time when you could actually use commute time instead of being, again, drowned by too much information and people merging and worrying about traffic, to opening up new spaces for daydreaming and just looking out the window and thinking about things. So there could be ways that technology can help. Technology could also help just by making us more efficient when we are exerting effort, so that we create more time to be off. The problem is that's not actually what happens, right? We're more efficient, and we just keep doing that, right? So if it was back in-- when I was in grad school, you still had to write letters to people. So if I wanted to correspond with a European colleague, you'd write a letter on that funny thin paper. And you'd mail it, and you'd have to wait a month or two and come back. Now I can email them, so that's more efficient. But all it means is that I now interact with a lot more people and I have a lot more work to do. So that's the problem is that technology, I think, in theory could help. But it just seems to be human nature that we overdo things, and we tend to just not know when to stop. But I think that that's something that needs to be thought about is how to use technology not just to increase our efficiency at work, but to use that then to buy us time to have that down time, to allow our body and cognition to do its thing. AUDIENCE: So I can personally relate to the idea of not trying too hard to be good at something. And thanks for sharing that. The one thing I thought you didn't talk about at all was practice. I cannot be good at anything just by not trying too hard at it. I have to practice fairly deliberately before I stop thinking about it, and then I'm going to be good. TED SLINGERLAND: Yep. So that was kind of my point with the life stage thing. You can't sit down. So if I sat down at a piano-- I don't know how to play the piano. If I sat down and tried to solo, I would sound ridiculous. It would sound stupid. I have a brother-in-law in Rome who's a jazz pianist, who does that. He'll sit down at a piano and just noodle around. It sounds amazing. He has a song called "I'll be Bach," where he takes Bach and then does weird things. He starts playing it faster or slower. He starts adding stuff, puts things in the piano. It sounds cool, but only because he knows how to play Bach, because he's trained his whole life to be a musician. So in the Butcher Ding story, he also talks about how-- well, why can I do this? I trained for 19 years as a butcher, and that's why I'm able to do that. So that's what I mean. None of this stuff-- it's always against the background of training. And obviously in the earlier stages the carving and polishing is more important. You can't solo until you learn how to master the thing. I think that that's where the corrective Taoist strategies of forgetting or letting go, they're really more appropriate once you're a trained expert. And now what you need to do is stop thinking. And so there's actually-- I run through some of the experimental evidence that people who are good golfers need to not think. So if you ask them to think about what they're doing when they're putting, they overshoot the hole. If they're a baseball player and you have them think about what angle are you hitting the ball-- think about the angle you're using when you hit the ball-- they don't hit as well-- professionals. But novices do better when they think. So they need to pay attention. And so obviously which one, whether you're focusing on trying or not trying, depends on where you are in that skill development training course of knowledge acquisition. So you're absolutely right. I didn't emphasize the training thing so much. But all of this is against the background of the fact that none of the hot cognition that we value-- very little of it is inborn. It needs to be acquired. It needs to be trained. But once you have the training, you need to know when to let your training go. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aristotle2000 [1 likes]: 34:18 Doesn't the toolbox analogy just mean Mengzi is correct about the complex balance between Wei and Wu Wei?
  2. @elitechampion6502 [1 likes]: 9:00 start
  3. @邱初捐: One thing the professor failed to understand is that in Taoism, there's really no such thing as evil and good. So there's can't be evil spontaneity or good spontaneity, it's either spontaneity(无为，自然而然)or non-spontaneity（有为，刻意为之）. Good and evil, high and low, beautiful and ugly are just man made concepts and labels, the Tao is impartial and it doesn't decriminate. If you don't get this idea, you won't get to the state of 无为 anyway.
  4. @Incognito-Wolf: Follow the breath.
  5. @kevinallen5246: This whole thing presumes that individuals actually exist, but they don't. There is no me, no you, no separate anything. All separation is an illusion. Spontaneity is inescapable, because the one infinite field of reality is inescapable.
  6. @kambizhomayounfar2374: Wonderful talk! Reminds me of Viktor Frankl's Paradoxical Intention.
  7. @FTW_666: Excellent presentation and lots of things to ponder from hearing this.
  8. @alanp5268: Um, it's Ed, not Ted.  Great job.
  9. @a_sleeping_chieftain: Is his name Edward or Ted? Super confused
  10. @nesh963: Great talk man ❤
  11. @agathathomas2352: Yep, watching my hives fade day after day until they completely vanished was such a relief, I went with what I pointed out and within the first 10 days or so the urticaria was barely visible! I just go'ogled the latest by Shane Zormander and after 20 days my skin has never been healthier!
  12. @lgccyy: Amazing Q&A session
  13. @marklesueur1288: https://youtu.be/XWgLkht9yYo

.. here is Alan Watts reiterating what I was mentioning below.

You see, this Western Scientific description of "Hacking" our brains to Perform, Compete & Get more stuff and experience are "Values" of the Left Hemisphere or Cold Cognition. Everyone I speak to around my town these days is under no illusion that the World has gone Mad, but don't know Why. As Rebel Anti-Psychiatrist R.D Lang was fond of saying, .. 

"Insanity is a perfectly reasonable adaptation to an insane world".

That insanity is Left Hemisphere Dominance. It literally creates this fragmented, dissociated social domain we find ourselves in today.

"Attention is not Cognition, it is a Moral Act"
-Dr Iain McGilchrist
  14. @marklesueur1288: All this is much better understood by studying Dr Iain McGilchrist's "Hemisphere Hypothesis" on Lateralisation. ie, Cold, is Left Hemisphere Process, Hot is Right Hemisphere Process plus the Autonomic Nervous System (see: Polyvagal Theory of Dr Stephen Porges), or, Conscious Mind [Left Hemisphere] & Unconscious Mind [Right Hemisphere]. However, McGilchrist gives us a Warning that is not understood by this speaker, one which aligns with the Taoist Masters and which contradicts this speakers assertion that the Taoist Metaphysics is irrelevant to us in the West. ie, that our entire Western cultural frame is dangerously Left Hemisphere dominant, and that this not the way Nature designed human beings to function, which is what the Taoists say too. Before you dismiss that, Iain McGilchrist has indicated that in past history, whenever a culture has become as highly Left Hemisphere dominant as we are today, that culture has collapsed.
  15. @imu6085: Thats a ted talk
  16. @MrPelikan500: haha ... i am here to find out how i can turn off my "thinking" mind so that the "doing" mind can take over more...

i didn't get any real techniques of how to do that ...

but i do appreciate the acknowledgment that history shows that it was known long ago ... and they tried to explain how it works ...

now neuro-science can better measure whats actually happening inside our minds....

i rely of seinfeld's "night guy vs morning guy" to best explain, that though we are the same person

we are operating in different in modes ... only one is ever present at one time  ... yes in a jeklyll & hide way, exactly :D 

.
  17. @dao3740: Excellent talk … thanks !
  18. @tadlautner: good talk bad audio
  19. @_XY_: So they can go to the best high school 
So they can pop ritalin and get into the best college
Lol
😂
  20. @_XY_: So they can go to the best high school 
So they can pop ritalin and get into the best college
Lol
😂

- TAOISM | The Art of Not Trying: Kind: captions Language: en Those who stand on tiptoes do not stand firmly. Those who rush ahead don’t get very far. Those who try to outshine others dim their own light. Lao Tzu How can we improve when we stop trying to improve? Many people waste their efforts trying to better their lives with questionable results. They gain knowledge and chase external things while exhausting their bodies, and burdening their minds - only to end up in discontent. The Taoists observed that humans tend to act in ways that are counterproductive. And in their attempts to alter the natural way, they only make things worse. All these strivings, rules, ethics, values, surely are invented to benefit humanity. But according to the ancient Taoist sages, we should get rid of them all. Why? Because all these manmade ideas only remove us further from the natural flow of life. Trying to alter what nature has intended, is like swimming against the stream: it’s exhausting and gets us nowhere. This video is about not trying to change the world, to gain the world. Behind the ever-changing universe lies a mysterious and undefinable force that the Taoists call ‘Tao’, for the lack of a better word. The ‘Tao’ is all-encompassing, and it’s beyond everything that our senses can perceive. Still, we can know and feel the Tao, even though we cannot comprehend it. This symbolizes the tragic attempts by humans to conceptualize things that are beyond their understanding. They use names, categories, they select and discern, but fail to grasp what the universe is truly like. So, they create a deception; an artifice that makes life understandable for humans. But by trying to comprehend, they lose the Tao. “Five colors blind the eye. Five notes deafen the ear. Five flavors make the palate go stale,” wrote Lao Tzu in his work the Tao Te Ching. So, by arranging colors, notes, and flavors, we might enhance our understanding, but we also limit it, as there’s so much more outside of these fixed concepts. The same goes for the human tendency to make rock-solid rules for everything, to get a sense of control. Again, we limit ourselves by doing so because the world is ever-changing, and what works today, may not work tomorrow. Also, from a sense of solidarity and justice, people create immense bodies of ethics, moral codes, and rituals, that form an artificial way of life. Even though the intentions are good: they try to make things work while building their own prisons. Now, let’s talk about the word ‘trying’. I think most of us are familiar with the idea that we should simply ‘act’ and not ‘try’. This idea is closely related to the ‘flow-state’. In a flow-state one becomes the act, like a dancer who becomes the dance, or the poet who becomes the poem. This is wu wei, a concept that can be literally translated as ‘non-doing’ or ‘doing nothing’. In the context of the flow state, wu wei translates best as ‘effortless action’, because we act in a smooth and painless manner. In the context of this video, however, translating wu wei as ‘non-doing’ or ‘doing nothing’ fits best. Literally ‘doing nothing’ is often seen as unproductive, and as a useless way of being, in which there’s no progression. But according to the Taoists, nothing is further from the truth. When we keep in mind that the universe is in flux and in a state of entropy, we’ll realize that there’s always progression in the natural flow of life. So instead of using force, and exhausting ourselves (which is the favorite method of today’s culture), we could travel through life much more easily by using intelligence. Because isn’t it so, that so many times, problems seem to solve themselves? And that by ‘taking action’ we often make things worse? When we waste our time trying to improve things we distance ourselves from the natural course. We repeatedly act in ways that are (according to the Taoists) unnatural and waste our bodies and minds doing so. So, why do we this? Well, it has a lot to do with how we attribute value to certain things. For example, when we’re averse to poverty, but desire money and fame, and when we’re averse to being lonely but desire to be part of something. So we try to eradicate the former, and increase the latter, while the latter cannot exist without the former. Also, we think that it’s necessary to conform and alter nature based on certain belief systems. We try to better the world, while the results of our interventions are kind of questionable. Now, how can we bring these ancient theories into the modern world? According to Taoist thinking, in what ways do we, modern humans, ‘try’, while our efforts only leave us with peanuts in the end? Let’s explore some examples of how we ‘try’, using the ancient Taoist scriptures the Tao Te Ching and the Zhuangzi. The first one is… Trying to improve the world Alan Watts, who was a fervent scholar of Taoism, once pointed out that the goodie-goodies of society are the biggest troublemakers. Their ‘must-save-the-world’ attitude often disrupts the natural course, simply because they seek to enforce man-made ideas of what’s good and evil. An example is ‘communism’ which originally sprouted from a desire to change humanity for the better, based on equality and honest distribution of goods. However, apart from the discussion if this approach is natural or not: the ways in which the communists spread their ideology were absolutely brutal. In the Zhuangzi, we find a story about a man named Yen Hui, who asked Confucius for permission to travel to the country of Wei, after he heard that it’s ruled by an incompetent ruler. Yen Hui wanted to use everything he learned about governance, to improve the country of Wei. Confucius, however, discouraged him to do so. Not only because Wei’s highly disagreeable leader probably wouldn’t listen, but also because people, in general, don’t like outsiders coming in, telling what’s better for them from a place of moral supremacy. As Confucius stated and I quote: “If you do not understand men’s minds, but instead appear before a tyrant and force him to listen to sermons on benevolence and righteousness, measures and standards - this is simply using other men’s bad points to parade your own excellence.” End quote. We could ask ourselves: in what way is using other people’s faults to create a nice role on the moral high ground. This only creates more division, more tension, and will unlikely change things for the better in a sustainable manner. As Lao Tzu puts it in the Tao Te Ching, and I quote: Do you want to rule the world and control it? I don't think it can ever be done. The world is a sacred vessel and it can not be controlled. You will only make it worse if you try. It may slip through your fingers and disappear. Now, the second one is... Trying to be happy No matter if it’s the pursuit of money, status, fame, power, or knowledge; these ongoing efforts to be happy are the reason why we aren’t. We think that we’re happy when we’ve got a million dollars in the bank or when we finally published that book or when our YouTube channels have a 100k subscribers, but this is hardly the case. Sure, we enjoy some momentary pleasure, but that’s not happiness according to the Taoists. Moreover, by this pursuit, we exhaust our bodies and minds, while, tragically, never achieving what we’re looking for. This is what the world honors: wealth, eminence, long life, a good name. This is what the world finds happiness in: a life of ease, rich food, fine clothes, beautiful sights, sweet sounds. This is what it looks down on: poverty, meanness, early death, a bad name. This is what it finds bitter: a life that knows no rest, a mouth that gets no rich food, no fine clothes for the body, no beautiful sights for the eye, no sweet sounds for the ear. People who can’t get these things fret a great deal and are afraid - this is a stupid way to treat the body. People who are rich wear themselves out rushing around on business, piling up more wealth than they could ever use - this is a superficial So, when chasing happiness is a blind alley, what should we do instead? Well, the Taoists give us some suggestions. But before we go into them, let’s look at the third one: Trying to be something else The Zhuangzi tells us a story about animals and the wind that envy each other for their inborn characteristics. The centipede envies the snake for the fact that it can move without legs, but the snake envies the wind for its ability to travel great distances without having a body at all. However, the wind argues that it takes just a finger or foot to hinder it. All in all, nature has created everything with its own attributes. Nothing is better than the other; only judgment makes it so. Thus, we feel the need to change who we are, just to fit an ideal. White-skinned people try to be tanned, while East-Asians try to look more European, brunettes try to be blondes, and blondes try to be brunettes. Also, we try to change ourselves because we want to conform to a manmade standard; to fit in, simply because we’re seen as defects when we don’t. So, a sixth’ finger is cut off, just to comply with the five-finger standard. Why can’t we just be who we are, the way nature intended us to be? That would be so much easier. Everyone and everything has its place in the whole. And by trying to alter this, we bring the world in disbalance. When people see things as beautiful, ugliness is created. When people see things as good, evil is created. Being and non-being produce each other. Difficult and easy complement each other. Long and short define each other. High and low oppose each other. Fore and aft follow each other. So, how can we put these ideas into practice? The Taoists suggest several things. First of all, the Zhuangzi points to the benefits of taking the middle-path. This means that we shouldn’t stretch ourselves beyond our means, but stay centered, so we conserve our health and stay close to our own nature. “Follow the middle; go by what is constant, and you can stay in one piece, keep yourself alive, look after your parents, and live out your years.” The Tao is constant. And one who seeks the Tao unlearns something new every day, according to Lao Tzu. So instead of limiting ourselves to a belief system, we let go, keep an open mind, and give the universe room to show itself as it is. Trying to change nature is a futile pursuit, as is trying to blur our vision of nature by man-made constructs. Instead of adding to knowledge, we let go of knowledge, until we reach a point of inner stillness. Only then, we’re opening ourselves up to the Tao, or what we, from a theistic point of view, could call God. In this state of emptiness, we feel content. And contentment is true happiness. The Taoists call this process the fasting of the heart. By unlearning something every day, the Taoist arrives at non-action. It’s the art of not trying, while nothing will be left undone. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Einzelgänger [560 likes]: There's more about Taoism!
The Art of Doing without Doing: https://youtu.be/IGmeL5AdrTk
The Power of Letting Go: https://youtu.be/B-F319b5SuQ
The Philosophy of Flow: https://youtu.be/JtGtqmC5wU4
  2. @neologicalgamer3437 [1 likes]: 6:12 even if you wanna believe the WILDLY disproven "100 million killed", a claim that was completely baseless and almost every single "researcher" behind it had their names removed because the quality of evidence was so unbelievably atrocious (that being when they actually tried to justify their numbers at all), it will never compare to the amount of lives Capitalism keeps taking to uphold itself. Not just historically, but every decade the deaths due to the Capitalist mode of distribution easily rival that "100 million" number, with many estimates arguing it even surpasses that. Using Communism as an example of a lethal ideology is really biased when statistically speaking there are far far better options.

No, I'm not a Communist, but Communism and Nazism combined, two polarly opposite ideologies (despite what Capitalist mainstream news sources try to tell you), still can't compare to the amount of death and suffering the Capitalist mode of production causes even to this very day
  3. @CheePufStudios: "Excuse me, sir"
  4. @MarkNgatia-c3t: Cool
  5. @BohnTheBoon: Why does this randomly become anti-communist propaganda at one point 😂
  6. @TheAbundantMonk: The western mind wants to turn wu wei into a productivity hack and completely misses the point. It's not about doing less. It's about alignment. When your actions come from your nature rather than your anxiety, the effort disappears. Took me years to stop intellectualizing it and actually feel it. Good video.
  7. @Jonzimusic: People try to shape life — and end up fighting its current. The Tao moves without forcing: less pushing, more aligning. 
When you stop swimming upstream, the river carries you anyway. 🌊
A quiet gain by not trying to control the world. 🍂
  8. @kdXD2: "Bad news is just good news in disguise "

-Sid , ice age
  9. @MVG101: Wow, it's pretty rare that I come across a philosophy / esoteric frame of thought that seems to work in every context applied...
  10. @khatack: The taoists fundamentally misunderstand wealth. Wealth isn't about gaining happiness, wealth is about escaping misery.
  11. @phamtai8114: Wait, so Tangping is a kind of Taoism ? 😅
  12. @johnrobbins9928: Taoism is a naturally inherent personality trait. It’s not for every person as something that can be learned and practiced because it’s offered.
  13. @DemonAvenger1-t5g: Communist
  14. @TheReturningSelf: "Trying to alter what nature has intended is like Swimming against the stream"
  15. @lian3397: I believe that Tao, more than "not doing" is about "allowing"
  16. @TheEvoraEffect: This is really beautiful and has resonated with how i think too! 🥰 Thank you truly for putting this together!
  17. @vanasrain: Only focus on breathing  - the one thing you must do is breathe, the rest is optional
  18. @Amy-m9s: Can I just have one good day?
  19. @ShadowChessMaster: A little bit abstract concept. So we should accept anything as it is right?
  20. @thefoundingcode: Thank you for making this video!

- EASTERN PHILOSOPHY: Wu Wei: Kind: captions Language: en-GB 'Wú Wéi' (无为) means, in Chinese, 'non-doing', or 'doing nothing'. It sounds like a pleasant invitation to relax, or worse, fall into laziness or apathy. Yet this concept is key to the noblest kind of action, according to the philosophy of Daoism, and is at the heart of what it means to follow 'Dào' (道) - 'the way'. According to the central text of Daoism, the 'Dào Dé Jīng' (道德经),the way never acts,yet nothing is left undone. This is the paradox of Wú Wéi : it doesn't mean 'not acting,' it means 'effortless action,' or 'actionless action'. It means being at peace, while engaged in the most frenetic tasks, so that one can carry these out with maximum skill and efficiency. Something of the meaning of Wú Wéi is captured when we talk of being 'in the zone', at one with what we're doing, in a state of profound concentration and flow. Wú Wéi is closely connected to the Daoist reverence for the natural world, for it means striving to make our behaviour as spontaneous and inevitable as certain natural processes, and to ensure that we are swimming with, rather than against, currents. We are to be like the bamboo that bends in the wind, or the plant that adjusts itself to the shape of a tree. Wú Wéi involves letting go of ideals that we may otherwise try to force too violently onto things. It invites us instead to respond to the true demands of situations, which tend only to be noticed when we put our own ego-driven plans to one side. What can follow is a loss of self-consciousness, a new unity between the self and its environment. But none of this means we won't be able to change or affect things if we strive for Wú Wéi. The Dào Dé Jīng points out that we should be like water, which is submissive and weak, and yet which can't be surpassed for attacking what is hard and strong. Through gentle persistence and a compliance with the specific shape of a problem, an obstacle can be worked around and gradually eroded. The idea of achieving the greatest effects by wise, strategic passivity has been central to Chinese notions of politics, diplomacy and business. In the manuals on wisdom produced by Daoists, we are repeatedly told that rather than impose a plan or model on a situation, we should let others act frantically, and then likely adjust ourselves as we see the direction that matters have evolved in. In China's Táng (唐) dynasty, many poets likened Wú Wéi to the best aspects of being drunk. It wasn't alcoholism they were promoting, but the decline in rigidity and anxiety that sometimes comes with being a little drunk, and which can help us to accomplish certain tasks. One poet compared someone inspired by Wú Wéi to a drunk man who falls uninjured from a moving cart. Such is their spiritual momentum, that they are unaffected by accidents and misfortunes that might break those of a more controlled and controlling mindset. Theories of painting from the Táng period onwards made Wú Wéi central to artistic practice. Rather than labouriously attempting to reproduce nature as faithful copyists, the artist should find nature within themselves, and surrender to its calls. The painter's task is not to imitate the external surface of things, but to present the 'Guǐ (鬼)' or 'spirit' of things like mountains, trees, birds and rivers, by feeling some of this spirit in themselves, and then letting it 'flow out' through the brush, onto silk or paper. It followed that Daoist thinkers revered not just the finished work of art, but the act of painting itself. It considered artist studios as places for applied philosophy. The Táng dynasty poet, Fú Zài (符载), described a big party that had been thrown to witness the painter, Zhāng Zǎo (張璪), in action. 'Right in the middle of the room, he sat down with his legs spread out, took a deep breath and his inspiration began to issue forth. 'Those present were as startled as if lightning was shooting across the heavens, or a whirlwind was sweeping up into the sky. 'The ink seemed to be spitting from his flying brush. 'He clapped his hands with a cracking sound. 'Suddenly, strange shapes were born. 'When he'd finished, there stood pine trees, scaly and riven, crags steep and precipitous, clear water and turbulent clouds. 'He threw down his brush, got up and looked around in every direction. 'It seemed as if the sky had cleared after a storm, to reveal the true essence of ten thousand things.' Fú Zài added of Zhāng, whose works are sadly now lost, that he had 'left mere skill behind', and that his art was 'not painting', but 'the very Dao itself'. A good life could not be attained by Wú Wéi alone, but this Daoist concept captures a wisdom we may at times be in desperate need of : when we're in danger of damaging ourselves, through an overly stern and unyielding adherence to ideas which simply don't fit the demands of the world.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisklugh [3 likes]: I'll try.  Nothing else works.
  2. @billpetersen298 [2 likes]: Taiwan feels like it has some of the old Chinese charm. That escaped Mao, and the destruction of communism.
❤🇹🇼
  3. @StoicPowerMethod [1 likes]: We really need more acceptance in life.
  4. @spiritfree5050 [1 likes]: i am into Wu Wei now

i am not even gonna leave a comment
  5. @darthknight1 [1 likes]: Did he just pronounce "qi" as kwee?
  6. @Bromon655 [1 likes]: Wu-Wei is all fun and games until it comes to persecution, authoritarianism, injustice, and other acts of evil. Wu-Wei teaches to go with the flow of nature and yet nature does not tend to flow toward peace and justice; it flows toward entropy and unchecked suffering. A philosophy of non-action in the face of evil is a way for oppressors to keep the masses complacent, a feature present in countless ancient religions. To tell a slave, a victim of crippling poverty, a Holocaust victim, etc. to simply live a life of non-action and wait for nature to vindicate them is asinine. 

Wu-Wei is the reason I cannot embrace Taoism, no matter how much I would like to.
  7. @LuxInfinity-ul5hw [1 likes]: I almost died and was rescued at the very last moment. As a result, my body became disabled and I wasn't and still am not able to do things every healthy person is able to do. At first it was quite frustrating, I had to depend on others for my survival. I used to love cooking and shop at fresh markets to get the freshest and healthiest food. Often, the food I received was plain disgusting really not suitable for human consumption. I used to get insanely angry with the people who made my food because they were getting paid good money as well. The angrier I got, the worst the food was until I had a revelation. We live in an energetic vibrational world where EVERYTHING mirrors your thoughts and feelings. I gradually started to relax myself and use meditation techniques to keep myself calm and empty minded, I failed many times as I was constantly triggered but eventually I succeeded. My food improved greatly and my body, slowly but steadily, started to heal. I have a long way ahead but I can finally see the light. My wuwei experience is that when I want something, the more I struggle whether mentally or by doing something, the further the object of my desire gets. I had to let go of both mental and physical control and suddenly I receive everything I have always wished for.
😁😘😊
  8. @kvelez [1 likes]: Excellent!
  9. @shahidchaudhary52 [1 likes]: let it come to you, don't fight it, don't try
  10. @almaisaks: EASTERN PHILOSOPHY: Wu Wei
  11. @TheAbundantMonk: The contrast with Western achievement culture here is sharper than it sounds. We're trained from childhood to see effort as virtue — the harder you push, the more you deserve the result. Wu wei doesn't say stop working. It says stop fighting your own nature to do it. That's a completely different conversation.
  12. @TheAbundantMonk: The contrast with Western achievement culture here is sharper than it sounds. We're trained from childhood to see effort as virtue — the harder you push, the more you deserve the result. Wu wei doesn't say stop working. It says stop fighting your own nature to do it. That's a completely different conversation.
  13. @madhavgarg2825: Wu Wei should not be mistaken as inaction, its much more complex than what we can think of. Our conditioned mind, or our ego likes to take things in control, want to be in situation that is under control. That's why we talk so much in our mind, its about taking things under control in our minds. Wu Wei is about action in flow state, rising above the conditioned mind, re-establishing the unity between the divinity in you and the creator (ahambrahmasya), our mind in essence suppresses our divinity and externalises our purpose but when you look internally, and try to connect with your real self, you can lead a life of peace and fulfilment.
  14. @StoicPowerMethod: Such a calming philosophy to remember.
  15. @bharathirajanpalanivel9262: Great 👍
  16. @TedEmerson-f2n: Floor Towels should be marked with Floor and used separately from cleaning.  Each individual should have a towel marked for personal use.
  17. @bruceylwang: Lao Tzu was not a Taoist. Lao Tzu’ s 5000 words (Tao Te Ching) has nothing to do with Taoism. 
Lao Tzu’ s 5000 words and Tao were mistranslated. You guys were mis-leaded.
Please be aware, Tao is merely a partial, yet not the main, concept of Lao Tzu’ s 5000 words central context.
  18. @LuxInfinity-ul5hw: 无为
  19. @derrickmcadoo3804: This works against workers who sign up for a job, then the employer demands positions that are not in workers original job descriptions. For example, a worker hired for a cashier position is later told to cut vegetables. It's not in the workers contract to cut vegetables, so when the worker protests to not doing that job, the worker is fired. If the worker pays due to a union, should not the union protect the job of the person refusing to cut vegetables, when they refuse, as they only want to work the cashier job they have been working?
  20. @AdeelQazi-ko6sc: Adrenal agonism

- Wu-wei | The Art of Letting Things Happen: Kind: captions Language: en Once upon a time, a novice farmer indulged himself in motivational videos. He became familiar with ideas like the importance of ‘effort,’ the ‘hustle culture,’ and ‘work hard, play hard.’ After binge-watching for days, he walked onto his farm, fired up, and determined to make it a great success. He started with pulling one of the crops as a way to make them grow faster. But this didn’t work. Then he began to water the plants twice as much, hoping to make them grow faster, but he drowned them instead. After trying to force his success, the farmer realized that no matter how much effort he puts in, acting in opposition to nature is counterproductive. Despite humanity’s technological developments and will to progress, we’re still utterly dependent on nature. Human effort has its limitations and is always in conjunction with nature. We cannot grow a plant, for example, completely isolated from natural growth, even though we can influence and manipulate it. The reputed author of the Tao Te Ching, Lao Tzu, stated that the world governs itself. It doesn’t need our intervention. As Lao Tzu wrote: “When you arrive at non-action, nothing will be left undone.” End quote. This idea resembles the basic understanding of the paradoxical concept “wu-wei.” But when we look for a definition of wu-wei, we quickly discover that there isn’t one fixed meaning. Some translate wu-wei as “non-action,” or “doing nothing,” others as “actionless action,” and others as “effortless action.” We find out that Taoism offers several layers, if you will, regarding how wu-wei can enhance our relationship with the world. And how this ancient art of “letting things happen” doesn’t necessarily make us passive, ignorant bystanders but can actually improve how we act, leading to better outcomes. This video serves as a humble attempt to make the depth of this philosophical idea clear and practical. Probably the most common interpretation of wu-wei is quite literally aligning our actions with nature, and not forcing anything, and acting when it’s suitable. Lao Tzu stated that using force always leads to unseen troubles. With force, he doesn’t seem to point to the literal use of force per se, but rather to “forcing the flow of nature.” Nature has its course. It’s always working in the background. It lies at the root of our humanity’s existence and continually creates and recreates what the Taoists call the 10,000 things: everything under heaven and beyond. But despite the immense propulsion of the universe, today’s society places the importance of conscious human effort above all. We celebrate effort, regardless of its actual effectiveness, as we aim to always be busy for the sake of being busy. As modern Sisyphuses, we push rocks uphill, just for the sake of pushing. Making an effort is one thing, but intelligently making an effort is another. Yes, sometimes hard work is necessary, and action is appropriate, but on many occasions, it isn’t. It depends on the rhythm of the game, on the cards you’re dealt, and whether or not it’s your turn. Acting out of turn means going against the flow of the game. Hence, we often experience that “forcing things” leads to ruin in the long run and that pushing our luck beyond nature’s constraints backfires. On the other hand, situations often solve themselves when we don’t force or intervene. By letting things happen, things get done naturally. The novice farmer, for example, simply needed to leave his crops alone and be patient, and nature would do the rest. But when it’s time to reap the farmer should roll up his sleeves. “The Tao never acts with force, yet there is nothing that it can not do,” Lao Tzu stated. If we’d just go along with nature, then everything runs smoothly. The farmer’s task is to sow the seeds, the seeds’ task is to grow into crops, and then the farmer’s task is to reap the harvests when they’re ready. This is how nature works optimally. Lao Tzu believed that the world cannot be governed, as the world governs itself. It’s entirely out of control. Trying to control it is always a losing battle. And spending our lives fighting against nature is a waste of time, no matter how much people celebrate us for engaging in such a heroic endeavor. Instead of spending our life energy trying to control, govern, and change the natural course of things, we’re better off accepting what is and navigating through it like water flowing through a rocky surface towards the ocean. I quote: Some are meant to lead, and others are meant to follow; Some must always strain, and others have an easy time; Some are naturally big and strong, and others will always be small; Some will be protected and nurtured, and others will meet with destruction. The Master accepts things as they are, and out of compassion avoids extravagance, excess and the extremes. When we go deeper into the meaning of wu-wei, it becomes even more intriguing. Let’s assume its most accurate definition is “effortless action.” As opposed to the conventional translations like “non-action” and “doing nothing,” it points to being active and on the move, even though the common denominator stands firm, namely: “letting things happen.” With effortless action, we could say that we’re not so much “doing” but rather “going.” We embark on a river stream without considering where it brings us: we’re setting sail into uncharted territory, but don’t let the great unknown faze us. We swim along with the current, not against it, making our way smooth, devoid of stammers and hiccups. Swimming against the current takes effort; so does holding onto a rock. When we force things, problems arise. An example is going on a date. The person you’re going to meet is interested in one thing only: getting to know you: the person you are, at that moment. But many people overprepare, overanalyze, and rehearse what they’re going to say. And so, the nerves come in; people overcompensate, are disingenuous, and come across as staged. Why is this the case? Most likely because we focus too much on the results. Zhuangzi talks about how different prospects can influence our actions and emotional states if we attach ourselves to them. A previous video named ‘Win Without Trying’ explains this in more detail, using Zhuangzi’s parable of the archer. In the context of a date, most of us want the date to become a success; we want the other person to like us. So, there’s pressure involved; there’s a price to be won, and if we don’t get it, we feel miserable. And thus, what could have been a fun, joyful night out, becomes a strenuous, forced, stressful event, with lots of discursive thoughts and mental preparations in advance. We are standing in our own way, blocking the natural flow of the universe, which we cannot possibly control, no matter how much thought and planning we throw at it. But imagine that you enter a date utterly unprepared, without even seeing it coming. Now you’re acting natural, and in the moment, and spontaneously, as you haven’t had the opportunity to overthink. There has been no time for planning, plotting, analyzing, and all that remains is a pure you: present and one with the moment. And most people love that. So, if we manage to let go of the results, we can act more effortlessly and responsively, just for the act itself. If we go even deeper, we arrive at the ego and emptiness. Because of past experiences, social conditioning, or ideologies, we have molded ourselves into knowledgeable, cultured human beings that fit the context they’re in. This context could be a religious community, a country, or a profession. We generally see this as a good thing. But there’s a downside. And this downside has to do with the ego. The ego often distorts how we perceive the reality of the world. When we approach a situation, for example, a conversation with a spouse, the ego tends to fill in the unknown gaps, with all kinds of prejudices, fantasies, and convictions. The larger the ego, the more it will dominate the situation, subsequently closing us off from what’s truly going on. Therefore, people with strong convictions experience great difficulty seeing the world in another light - or outside the confines of their intellectual prison. Hence, Lao Tzu urges us to return to a more unprocessed state, which he calls “the uncarved block.” We could see the uncarved block as a person who’s unencumbered by all kinds of intellectual baggage, so his vision of the world becomes clear. Dr. Woei-Lien Chong, a Dutch philosopher, and sinologist, explains her interpretation of wu-wei in a Dutch book about Taoist philosophy, emphasizing the element of emptiness or ‘openness.’ She describes the essence of practicing wu-wei as follows, and I quote: “And so the whole practitioner is able to, from the clarity of his egoless center, observe all relevant forces in a certain situation in their being, undistorted, so he can respond to them flawlessly.” So, if we look at wu-wei this way, it’s not just letting go, going along with the flow of nature, allowing the universe to do its job: it’s a much bolder move, for which we need a lot of courage. We have to be brave enough to let go of what we’ve learned, throw our normative frameworks in the trash, and flush our assumptions through the toilet. Or how Lao Tzu put it, and I quote: Renounce knowledge and your problems will end. What is the difference between yes and no? What is the difference between good and evil? Must you fear what others fear? Nonsense, look how far you have missed the mark! Zhuangzi tells us a story about a conversation between Confucius and one of his pupils: Yen hui. Yen Hui wanted to travel to the kingdom of Wei after he heard about its many problems and tyrannical ruler. So, he planned to use his knowledge and wisdom to lecture the king of Wei and steer the kingdom in the right direction. Confucius persuaded Yen Hui not to do it, telling him that his plans were too ego-driven and wouldn’t work. After all, no one is waiting for a know-it-all coming out of nowhere, telling you how to take care of your business, let alone a self-absorbed tyrant. But still, Confucius offered an alternative, which he called the ‘fasting of the heart.’ Confucius described the ‘fasting of the heart’ as a form of meditation, which leads to letting our preconceptions go and making room to receive. With an open and receptive attitude, Yen Hui would learn about Wei and its king, their customs and beliefs, the situation as it plays out, and eventually be much more capable of lending a helping hand. In this understanding of wu-wei, we let go of the ego, so we act in accordance with the situation at hand, as it is. We let things happen and act responsively, unrestrained by our limited, preconceived ideas. Or, as Lao Tzu put it: we return to being uncarved blocks. Chong stated, and I quote: No matter if it’s about politics, governance, diplomacy, or any other activity: what Zhuangzi calls wu-wei is this ultimate receptive and responsive way of action, from a crystal clear openness in yourself, one with the breathing of the cosmos. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAbundantMonk [1 likes]: The hardest part of wu wei isn't the philosophy — it's that modern culture has completely pathologized stillness. Not striving feels like failure. This video is one of the clearest articulations I've found of why that instinct is exactly backwards. The letting happen IS the doing.
  2. @bjseriously: As someone who struggles with this a lot. How do I achieve this.
  3. @stirlingmatheson2005: So should we not do breathing exercises or even address anxiety, obsessive thoughts? Just do nothing?
  4. @TheAbundantMonk: The hardest part of wu wei isn't the philosophy — it's that modern culture has completely pathologized stillness. Not striving feels like failure. This video is one of the clearest articulations I've found of why that instinct is exactly backwards. The letting happen IS the doing.
  5. @TheQuantumPsyche: This video found me at the most perfect time. I’ve spent so much energy lately trying to force things to work out and fighting against reality, but this was such a powerful reminder to just breathe and let things happen. Forcing the flow only drains you. Stepping into the void and practicing wu-wei is terrifying, but it’s the only way to find real peace. Thank you for this beautiful reminder.
  6. @Neurostoic-Us: Letting go can really change everything.
  7. @euggiemonad2523: A classic Taoist would go nuts in a society like ours.  And yet, here we are -- Taoists who have to live in it.
  8. @influenceknowledge5756: It is what it is ❤
  9. @danielwinner6394: My lawn needed to be mowed. I waited for the flow, it finally came: my neighbors offered that I paid them to mow it... I felt resistance to paying them, so I declined
  10. @allardvanderstarre: lao tzu....easy days are here......trump swims against the stream, so he fails....afool
  11. @Mh.Andrade01: Gratidão
  12. @SubhashreeSahaKRAZZY: That's bull crap
  13. @khema5692: Beautiful video. Thank you
  14. @StoicSoulForge-US: Letting go sounds so freeing!
  15. @imbored1558: In short, we should let things happen naturally. We must not go against it but instead live with it. It also teaches us about patience and not worrying too much about what happens tommorow instead we should ride with it and act accordingly.
  16. @AthenaArgyropoulos-i9x: 9:22 like the fool card in tarot 😊.
  17. @PsychostoicMind: Letting things happen is so freeing!
  18. @browndamon: Great explanation, Einzelganger 👏🏾
  19. @kaiven_30: What if the reason things feel hard is because we’re pushing where we’re meant to flow?
  20. @pippipster6767: True.

- The Art of Effortless Living (wu wei, amor fati, slow living): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Laughter] imagine what your life would look like if you stopped fighting against it if you let go of the need to control every outcome embraced each moment for what it is and allowed life to unfold naturally what if you could achieve everything you've ever wanted not by striving relentlessly but by simply allowing this isn't a passive approach nor is it about giving up on ambition instead it's about aligning with the natural flow of Life recognizing that the more we resist the harder life becomes the more we Embrace fate the more effortlessly we move toward the life we desire this is the essence of Wu The tost principle of non-doing or effortless action at first glance WOAY may seem counterintuitive in a world that glorifies hustle culture and relent ambition yet Wu teaches us that by forcing things whether it's success relationships or personal growth we often create unnecessary tension and frustration the key is to act in harmony with life to move with its currents rather than against them it's not about in action but about flowing with intention making decisions that feel natural rather than forced closely aligned with this is the concept of a morati the sto philosophy of loving one's fate amorfati teaches us to not only accept the events that happen to us but to embrace them fully to see every challenge every moment of difficulty as an opportunity rather than wishing circumstances were different or fighting against what is amorfati invites us to find meaning and purpose in everything even in our struggles by embracing the unpredictability of life we move Beyond mere except AC we learn to love the very things that we once resisted this brings us to the art of slow living a practice that encourages us to savor each moment to focus on quality over quantity in a world that demands constant productivity and speed slow living teaches us to find peace in Simplicity it's about rejecting the societal pressures that tell us faster is better and instead choosing to fully engage with the present moment when we slow down we begin to notice the richness of life that's been waiting for us all along we realize that fulfillment isn't found in doing more but in doing less and doing it well the common thread in all of these philosophies is the idea that life doesn't have to be a battle the more we stop resisting the more Life Works in our favor effortlessly living isn't about avoiding responsibility or ambition it's about shifting how we approach life it's about recognizing that the more we trust the process whether that's the natural flow of events in Taoism the stoic acceptance of fate or the mindful deliberate pace of slow living the more fulfilled productive and aligned we become if you're tired of struggling of always feeling like you need to do more or be more then perhaps it's time to embrace these principles by integrating Wu amorfati and slow living into your life you may discover that everything you've been chasing has been right in front of you all along the path forward isn't one of resistance it's one of flow acceptance and presence and in that space true transformation begins have you ever observed the Elegance with which a river flows winding its way around obstacles never rushing yet always reaching its destination have you watched a tree grow stretching Towards the Sky never straining but always expanding there's a rhythm a natural pulse to life a kind of harmonious dance that doesn't rely on force or strain yet achieves the seemingly impossible what if I told you that the same principle could be applied to your own life what if the very Act of not trying could get you closer to your goals than years of hard grind and force welcome to a journey into the profound philosophy of the East where the idea of non-action or woo way Reigns Supreme it's a concept that has shaped the lives of countless individuals guiding them towards a life of Harmony peace and yes achievement but it defies a lot of what we've been conditioned to believe in today's Relentless hustle driven world the very thought of achieving something without aggressive action sounds at best like a romantic dream and at worst sheer laziness but wo way is neither it's the intricate art of knowing when to act and when to remain still now this term might be new to many of you originating from dais philosophy this ancient Chinese term literally translates to non-action or non-doing but much like many age-old philosophical Concepts the meaning goes far deeper than its literal translation it's not about sitting idly by while life happens around you instead it's about aligning one's action so perfectly with the natural flow of circumstances that everything seems to fall into place effortlessly imagine for a moment a martial artist poised balanced waiting when the opponent strikes the artist doesn't exert unnecessary Force instead they channel the momentum use the energy given to them and move in harmony with the situation that in essence is wo way it's the ability to recognize when to exert effort and when to let things unfold trusting that the universe or the Dao is always in a natural state of balance and here lies the Paradox in a world that Champions the idea of more effort equals more results the dowst principle of w way suggests the opposite sometimes it's in the space of non-action in the pause the breath the waiting that true power is realized it's a counterintuitive thought isn't it that by trying less we might achieve more by letting go of our need to control every outcome we might find that outcomes align more harmoniously with our desires consider for a moment the last time you tried to force a result maybe you were trying to convince someone of your Viewpoint or perhaps you were pushing hard for a work project to come to fruition in a specific way how did that feel tense exhausting frustrating now recall a time where you set an intention did your part and then let things unfold the difference in these two approaches is not just in the outcomes but in the journey itself it's worth noting that this isn't about advocating paity quite the opposite OU is deeply active it requires acute awareness Keen observation and a deep connection with one's environment and self the key difference is where the action comes from a place of force or a place of alignment in this exploration we're about to embark on I invite you to open your mind and heart to the wisdom of the East to the lessons of the rivers the trees and the ancient sages who understood something profound about the universe that in the art of not trying we might just discover the secret to achieving everything we've ever wanted and to do so with Grace ease and joy to truly grasp the depth of U we must first journey back in time traversing the Landscapes of ancient China where at top Misty Mountains and within Serene temples the seeds of Daoism were sown the concept of Wu is not just a passing thought or a Modern Trend it's a profound wisdom deeply embedded in the halls of Eastern philosophy Daoism or taism as it's sometimes referred to is an ancient philosophical and spiritual tradition that has shaped Chinese culture for over two millennia at its heart lies the da or ta often translated as the way however much like woo way da is a term so vast and profound that it's somewhat elusive to direct translation the da is described as the ultimate The Source the underlying nature of all existence it's both the beginning and the end the path and the traveler and it is in this Cosmic Dance of the da that the principle of Wu way Finds Its rhythm the most revered text in Daoism the TA Ching penned by the mysterious figure LSU offers Pearls of Wisdom about this principle here's a taste from chapter 37 of the TA ching The taao Never does anything yet through it all things are done if powerful men and women could remain centered in the tow all things would be in harmony the paradoxical essence of this concept is palpable in these lines the da in its non-action gives rise to all action it's not the clanging noisy efforts but the silent profound Stillness that brings forth the universe's dance when we align with the Dao when we flow in harmony with the natural order we can achieve more than when we swim against the current but dosm isn't the only Eastern philosophy that reveres the principles akin to U journeying Eastward from China we touch the shores of Japan where Zen Buddhism flourished Zen with its emphasis on meditation mindfulness and presence Echoes the sentiments of Wu in its teachings while Zen doesn't directly speak of non-action it profoundly emphasizes the state of being overdoing consider the Zen practice of shikantaza or just sitting it's a form of meditation where one isn't trying to do anything think anything or achieve anything instead it's about simply being observing and existing it's a radical Act of pure presence where the meditator is not seeking Enlightenment but is instead just being in the moment this just being while seemingly passive is an intense form of active engagement with the present much like Wu wayi it's about alignment Harmony and merging with the flow moreover while Zen and dais might be the most prominent many other Eastern Traditions Echo similar sentiments the ancient Indian philosophy of nishkama karma from the Bhagavad Gita for instance speaks of action without attachment to results a theme closely resonant with u's principles it's fascinating to observe that despite the geographical linguistic and cultural divides there seems to be a universal thread weaving through these philosophies they all Point towards a profound truth sometimes it's not our forceful interventions but our gentle surrender our alignment with a greater Cosmic dance that brings about the most profound outcomes whether it's the silent da guiding all existence the Zen master just sitting in profound presence or the gita's called to act without attachment the message is clear there is an art a subtle Beauty in not trying in just being and in flowing with the currents of life as we delve deeper into the philosophical Waters of the East the term OU Rises as a lighthouse guiding us towards understanding a distinctive approach to life it's a phrase that intrigues Conjuring images of Stillness perhaps even of monks at top secluded mountains but what does it truly signify let's commence with the Linguistics Wu way is a Chinese term where wo translates to not or without and way means doing or action together they frame the idea of non-action or non-doing but herein lies a quander a superficial interpretation might suggest inertia stagnation or passive idleness however that would be a grievous misinterpretation of a profound philosophy that has been a Guiding Light for sages rulers ERS and thinkers for centuries this principle is akin to the Elegance of a dancer lost in the performance so engrossed in the moment that every move feels not like a calculated step but a natural extension of their being it's the painter whose brush flows freely across the canvas not directed by the conscious mind but Guided by a spontaneous spirit this ideas is not about the absence of action but the purity of action it's an act free from friction free from the rigid structures of overthinking planning or forcing to elucidate further consider the flow of water it doesn't strain doesn't push yet it's unceasing in its movement carving valleys and shaping mountains over time water doesn't try in the way we often understand the term it simply follows its intrinsic nature moves in alignment with the environment this is the essence of o way acting in accordance with one's nature and the nature of the universe without unnecessary force a frequent misconception surrounding U way is equating it with laziness or a lack of ambition this couldn't be further from the truth embracing this concept doesn't mean abandoning aspirations or responsibilities instead it signifies a reframing of how we approach them for instance a martial artist practicing Woe Is Not not passive when confronted they don't use brute strength to overpower an opponent instead they employ a deep understanding of energy momentum and leverage to redirect forces using minimal energy for Maximum Impact it's an aligned action strategic and efficient rather than a Brute Force approach a modern analogy could be drawn from the world of Aeronautics consider the principle of aerodynamic efficiency in aircraft design Engineers don't merely add more power to make planes fly faster or higher they craft the design to minimize air resistance allowing the plane to Glide smoothly with lesser fuel consumption this optimization where you achieve more by using less mirrors this profound DST philosophy in life this might translate to listening more than speaking in a heated discussion allowing the conversation to flow to understanding rather than forcing an agenda in business it could mean understanding market currence and consumer behavior and positioning one's strategy in alignment rather than pushing against prevailing Trends in essence wo wayi Champions a harmonious engagement with life where action emerges from a place of deep awareness alignment and adaptability it encourages us to observe to understand the Rhythm and to act when the time is ripe it's about sensing the E and flow of situations and seamlessly integrating our actions Within These natural rhythms in a world constantly urging us to act to hustle to push harder the ancient wisdom of uway offers a refreshing counterintuitive perspective it reminds us that sometimes the greatest power lies not in how forcefully we can push but in how harmoniously we can flow the natural world has always been a reservoir of wisdom offering insights into life's deeper truths for the sages of the East especially Lau one element stood out as an unparalleled teacher water this simple unassuming substance covering the majority of our Blue Planet becomes a potent metaphor in the hands of the dowst philosopher providing us with profound insights into the essence of u Way in the TA Ching he articulates the philosophy of Wu using the metaphor of water in numerous passages one of the most notable mentions is nothing in the world is as soft and yielding as water yet for dissolving the hard and inflexible nothing can surpass it water's nature is not to resist not to to challenge headon and certainly not to rush yet it's always persistent always moving always finding a way think of a Meandering River it doesn't take a straight path nor does it Force its way through obstacles it carves its path patiently molding the very landscape around it over time even when confronted with a rock or a mountain water doesn't halt it simply finds a way around under or over it such is the essence of U acting without unnecessary Force allowing things to unfold and gracefully navigating the path of least resistance lau's emphasis on water illustrates a crucial aspect of resilience in contemporary understanding resilience might be misconstrued as toughness or rigidity but true resilience as symbolized by water is in its adaptability its flexibility water takes the shape of any container it's put in yet it retains its Essence it can be soft as a Morning Dew Drop or powerful as a tidal wave adapting to its context without losing its core nature similarly when we embody these principles in our lives we develop a resilience that doesn't stem from Mere stubbornness or grit but from a deep understanding and alignment with the flow of life when faced with adversity rather than Breaking under pressure or resisting change we learn to adapt evolve and find new ways just as water would every obstacle much like the boulders in a stream offers an opportunity a chance to recalibrate reassess and find A New Path the Rocks Don't deter the water they merely change its course similarly in life challenges and setbacks are inevitable this philosophy as encapsulated by the water metaphor encourages us not to meet these challenges with brute force or denial but with understanding and adaptability imagine imagine being faced with a professional setback instead of resisting it or dwelling in despair the principle of uay would have us assess the situation understand its Dynamics and then act in a way that aligns with the present reality all the while maintaining our broader Vision much like water the journey might take unexpected turns but the destination remains inight but perhaps the most striking feature of water is its unassuming power it nourishes sustains carves valleys and erodes mountains all this not through violent bursts but through consistent gentle action in many ways water embodies the Paradox of OU soft yet powerful gentle yet persistant flexible yet unyielding in its Essence Lau in drawing parallels between water and wo way compels us to reconsider our Notions of strength and success in a world that often equates power with aggression and achievement with Relentless Pursuit the water metaphor offers a counternarrative it speaks of a strength that is not loud but profound of achievements not born out of strife but out of harmonious alignment in embracing the teachings of lau and the wisdom of U we are not just adopting a philosophical stance but a way of life one where we respect the flow stand the power of persistence recognize the strength in softness and above all trust the journey for in the end like water we will find our way shaping paths and carving Destinies one gentle ripple at a time as we Traverse the landscape of thought from the Whispering Pines of ancient China to the bustling Laboratories and lecture hall of 20th century psychology there emerges a fascinating Confluence the wisdom of wuayi as it meets modern psychological understanding finds a vibrant echo in a term that's Peak the interest of thinkers athletes artists and professionals alike the Flow State miali Chen miali a pioneering figure in positive psychology introduced the concept of flow to the wider world through through his groundbreaking research he describes flow as a state of complete immersion in an activity wherein an individual is so engrossed that everything else seems to fade away time appears to warp self-consciousness diminishes and all that matters is the task at hand in chick sent mial's own words flow is a state in which people are so involved in an activity that nothing else seems to matter the experience itself is so enjoyable that people will do it even at Great cost for the sheer sake of doing it at the heart of both woo way and the flow state lies the concept of effortlessness not in the sense of lack of exertion but as a harmonious alignment that removes the sensation of strain when one is in a flow State there isn't a feeling of trying hard instead actions and decisions arise spontaneously Guided by intuition and experience this mirrors the teachings of way where actions are in alignment with the nature of the self and the universe transcending the realm of forced effort present moment awareness is another Common Thread weaving through both philosophies in the Flow State individuals are deeply anchored in the now they aren't distracted by past regrets or future anxieties every ounce of their attention is riveted on the present task similarly wuayi emphasizes the importance of moving with the natural rhythms of the Present Moment unburdened by the weights of past and future the environment and our alignment with it play a pivotal role in both Concepts in chicksen mial's flow and individual skills are perfectly matched with the challenge at hand there's a harmonious balance where neither boredom from a task being too easy nor anxiety from a task being too hard can prevail this equilibrium resonates deeply with u's call for aligned action where one acts in harmony with the external environment neither overreaching nor underperforming a particularly fascinating overlap is the Transcendence of the self in the throws of a flow State the ego with all its insecurities and self-consciousness dissolves one becomes the action they are performing be it painting running writing or any other activity this dissolute ution of the self offers a profound sense of fulfillment and contentment in the Embrace of u a similar Transcendence is observed by aligning with the Dao the way of the universe one moves beyond the narrow confines of the self there's a melding into a larger tapestry a harmonious Union with the world around which brings about deep inner peace and satisfaction in the Realms of modern psychology the flow state has been linked to heightened creativity increased productivity and enhanced well-being from athletes breaking records to artists crafting masterpieces the Fingerprints of flow are evident chick and mial's research provides a scientific framework to what ancient DST sages intuited centuries ago both perspectives despite the vast Chasm of time and culture between them advocate for a life of Harmony alignment and joy immersion in The Echoes between Wu and the Flow State we witness a testament to the universality of certain truth whether articulated through the poetic metaphors of Lau or the Empirical research of chick and miali the message remains consistent true fulfillment and Excellence arise not from strained effort but from harmonious alignment with oneself the task and the world in the vast Mosaic of human civilizations each culture has painted its unique Strokes shaped by geography history and Collective aspirations as we shift our lens Westward from the Tranquil Banks of ancient Chinese wisdom we encounter a markedly different ethos here the drum beat of doing reverberates with unwavering ing intensity but this tireless March while propelling societies to dizzying Heights also cast Long Shadows of exhaustion and onwe let's dive into this Dynamic understanding its Origins its implications and its challenges from The Towering skyscrapers that scrape the Heavens to the unceasing hum of metropolises that never sleep the Western world is a testament to human ambition historically this part of the world has lionized the idea of action the American dream for instance encapsulates this sentiment with hard work determination and a bit of luck anyone can climb the ladder of success it's an ethos of manifest destiny of conquering Frontiers both external and internal Renaissance Europe saw a burst of creativity and exploration celebrating human potential and individualism the subsequent Industrial Revolution further entrenched the idea of ceaseless productivity with machines and Men working Round the Clock transforming societies and economies in the modern era this celebration of action has found new avatars the Silicon Valley startup culture with its Hustle Hard Mantra the self-help industry's emphasis on goal setting and achievement and even our social media Landscapes that reward constant engagement all Echo the same message to be is to do but like Icarus soaring ever higher on wax and wings this Relentless Pursuit has its perils the consequences are manifold affecting individuals and societies at large once considered a fringe phenomenon burnout is now recognized as a legitimate syndrome by Health bodies like the World Health Organization it's characterized by emotional exhaustion cynicism and reduced efficacy in work this isn't merely tiredness it's a profound depletion of the human Spirit the pressure to be always on always performing and always reaching for the next Milestone has turned stress into a ubiquitous companion for many chronic stress as numerous studies suggest has debilitating effects on physical health mental well-being and overall life satisfaction ironically the obsession with constant action often leads to inefficiency the myth of multitasking the inability to disconnect and the erosion of deep focused work means that while we might be busier than ever we aren't necessarily more productive the quality of output creativity and Innovation often suffers in the Relentless churn of activity amidst the endless hustle there's a creeping sense of existential void many begin to question the purpose of their incessant efforts is it merely for material accumulation social validation or is there a deeper meaning to life that gets obscured in the blinding dust of constant movement the Western emphasis on doing has undoubtedly led to remarkable advancements Innovations and improvements in living standards but as with all things balance is crucial the pendulum which has swung towards Relentless action might need some recalibration Eastern philosophies with their emphasis on being on Harmony and on aligned action like the concept of Wu we explored offer a Counterpoint they invite a reconsideration of our Relentless Pursuit suggesting that sometimes in letting go of forced effort in tuning into the rhythms of Nature and life and in embracing Stillness amidst the storm we might find not just peace but also a more profound sustainable and joyous productivity as our world becomes ever more interconnected There's an opportunity a necessity even to engage in a cross-cultural dialogue to understand the strengths and limitations of different worldviews and weave together a tapestry that draws from the best of both in this synthesis There's Hope for a future where achievement and well-being walk hand in hand where the rivers of action and introspection merge leading us to shores of Greater understanding and fulfillment in the Luminous glow of ancient wisdom abstract Concepts often float like ethereal clouds their beauty and depth are undeniable but how do we tether these lofty Notions to the grounded realities of our daily lives how can one employ the Serenity and wisdom of WOAY amidst deadlines digital distractions and NeverEnding to-do lists let's embark on this journey seeking tangible strategy IES inspired by WOAY enabling us to navigate our fast-paced world with Grace and purpose the grace of Letting Go by letting it go it all gets done the world is won by those who let it go but when you try and try the world is beyond the winning Lau one of the most potent lessons from Wu is recognizing the power of non-action especially when action doesn't align with the natural course in our everyday life this can translate into understanding when to pause step back or even abandon a task for example if you're facing a creative block or are entangled in a persistent disagreement with someone sometimes it's best to step away for a moment take a break and allow space for clarity to emerge this isn't defeat or avoidance it's strategic non-action allowing the natural course of things to take over in the work space this might mean knowing when to delegate or when to leave space for a colleague to come to a realization on their own in personal relationships it might be choosing not to react impulsively allowing emotions to settle before responding cultivating patience nature does not hurry yet everything is accomplished understanding the Rhythm of Life trees don't Sprout overnight Seasons transition with an innate Rhythm and the cosmos moves in its time WOAY teaches us that like nature our lives too have a rhythm embracing patience doesn't mean being passive or lacad isical it means acknowledging that not everything is within our immediate control whether you're awaiting the germination of a seed you've planted the fruition of a project or the evolution of a a personal relationship patience becomes a powerful Ally it provides the buffer against anxiety the urge to interfere or to hasten processes that naturally require time in a practical sense this could translate to not constantly checking for responses after sending an important email giving space to new team members to adjust and align with company culture or understanding that personal growth and learning have their own pace distinct for each indiv idual the Paradox of ort trying to control the future is like trying to take the master Carpenter's place when you handle the master Carpenter's tools chances are that you'll cut your hand in our obsession with results we sometimes believe that putting in more effort working longer hours taking on more tasks pushing harder will yield better outcomes WOAY challenges this notion imagine trying to write with a pen by applying excessive pressure not only will the writing be messy but you might also damage the paper or break the pen similarly over effort in our endeavors can lead to burnout reduce deficiency and can sometimes even sabotage the very goal we're trying to achieve over preparation for an event might make you anxious and less adaptable to changes pushing a team relentlessly might lead to decreased morale Innovation and productivity in personal spheres pressuring a relationship to progress at an unnatural Pace might strain or Break It the teaching here is to find the balance between action and in action ensuring our efforts align with the natural progression of things it's about trusting the process giving our best but also understanding that excessive force is not just unnecessary but often detrimental embracing the lessons of Wu wayi in our contemporary world might seem like a challenge but these age-old teachings aren't in opposition to action they are a refined approach to it it's about harmonizing with the flow of Life understanding when to act when to wait and when to retreat as we integrate these lessons we find that the wisdom of the Ancients can indeed illuminate our modern paths guiding us towards a life of balance fulfillment and profound understanding across the tapestry of Human Experience countless narratives showcase the principles of O way in action even if the protagonists of these Tales might not explicitly cite this Eastern Philosophy from boardrooms to sports Arenas artist Studios to personal narratives there's an abundance of evidence suggesting that sometimes less truly is more let's Traverse these varied Landscapes discovering stories where effortless action made all the difference the Inception of 3m's posted notes one of the most iconic products to emerge from the corporate world the Post-it note was in essence a byproduct of an experiment gone wrong Dr Spencer Silver a scientist at 3M in 1968 was attempting to develop a super strong adhesive instead he accidentally created a low Tac reusable pressure sensitive adhesive for years this mistake lay dorment with no apparent use it wasn't until 1974 when a colleague art fry realized its potential as a solution to his perpetually slipping bookmarks in his hm book by not forcing an immediate application for the failed adhesive 3M eventually introduced a product in 1980 that would revolutionize offices worldwide the Post-it note had Sila been singularly focused and discarded what didn't match his initial aim the world might never have had this indispensable Tool The Beatles Let It Be in the turbulent Waters of creativity sometimes stepping back allows the tides of inspiration to flow freely during a period of internal disagreements and external pressures Paul McCartney dreamt of his deceased mother who told him let it be this dream not only inspired the song but also represented a philosophy that McCartney and the rest of the Beatles began to embrace instead of forcing creativity amidst chaos they allowed things to unfold naturally the result one of their most iconic songs and albums it's a testament to the power of surrendering to the moment letting go of the need to control and allowing creativity to Blossom in its own time Roger banister and the 4minute mile before 1954 the notion of running a mile in less than 4 minutes was considered impossible but Roger banister a medical student and Runner approached the challenge with a different philosophy while many athletes were increasing their training regimens banister decreased his he believed in quality over quantity ensuring that each training session was purposeful and aligned he did not force himself into excessive routines or succumb to overtraining with a focused and minimalist approach on May 6 1954 banister did the unthinkable he ran a mile and 3 minutes 59.4 seconds his accomplishment was not just about physical prowess but also about understanding the rhythm of his body and knowing when to push and when to rest the story of Julia and the unplanned Journey Julia a marketing professional had meticulously planned a solo trip to Italy every hour was accounted for every site to be visited listed but on her second second day she lost her itinerary to a sudden gust of wind in Venice with no internet access and a dead phone battery she had a choice Panic or embrace the unexpected choosing the latter she allowed the city to guide her she meandered through alleys discovered hidden Courtyards experienced impromptu Opera performances and forged friendships with the locals the trip became not about seeing but about experiencing by not trying to control every moment Julia found herself immersed in authentic experiences that no itinerary could have offered it was an embodiment of Wu moving effortlessly with the flow of life these stories spanning different domains Echo a singular truth there exists a magic in not forcing outcomes in understanding when to act and when to yield they highlight the harmony that arises when humans despite their innate desire to control and predict align themselves with the more organic often serendipitous flow of existence whether in the throws of innovation the swirl of creativity the adrenaline of sports or the unpredictability of personal Journeys the principles of uway Shimmer through teaching us Timeless lessons about balance patience and the unparalleled beauty of letting things be in the dizzying Whirlwind of our Modern Age where the Relentless drum beat for ceaseless effort and pursuit resonates in every corner lies a profound almost radical counternarrative the gentle Whisper of O way beckoning us towards the Allure of effortlessness it feels almost audacious this idea of non-doing especially when set against the backdrop of a world that equates business with worth and hustle with success yet as we've traversed the vast Landscapes of History business Arts Sports and personal stories a resonant theme emerges it's the discovery that paradoxically it's in the spaces between our actions in our pauses in our yielding that the true essence of life often reveals itself it's in recognizing that sometimes the most potent action is in not acting in allowing life's RI to carry us forward rather than tirelessly swimming against the current however this isn't a call for passivity or an invitation to abandon our goals and aspirations on the contrary it's a nuanced dance between knowing when to lead and when to follow between steering the ship and letting the winds guide us it's about redefining our understanding of success not as the destination arrived at through sheer force but as the journey under undertaken with Grace alignment and intuitive wisdom in the grand tapestry of existence where each thread represents a decision a chance a fate there lies a Timeless wisdom that has echoed Through Ages it is a wisdom that speaks not of the stars aligning for us but of us aligning with the Stars of finding Harmony in the chaos of discovering peace in turmoil this wisdom rooted in the ancient stoic philosophy and later echoed by the profound musings of existential thinkers is a call to embrace our destiny to Love Our Fate not as a burden but as a gift of immeasurable value the concept known as amorfati is not just a philosophical idea but a way of life it is a viewpoint that transforms the inevitable into the inviable the challenges into opportunities the trials into triumphs the stoic philosophers like senica and Marcus Aurelius viewed it as a path to Tranquility for them The Art of Living was not in controlling what happens to us but in controlling how we respond this notion deeply embedded in their teachings was a beacon of resilience a test Testament to the human spirit's unyielding strength in the face of life's unpredictability but what does it truly mean to love one's fate is it an unconditional acceptance of all that life presents or is it a deeper recognition of the role each event plays in shaping who we are to understand this we delve into the rich tapestry of History where this idea has surfaced in various forms in ancient Greek tragedies it was the hero's journey of accepting their Destiny in the spiritual text of the East it echoed in the teachings of embracing life's flow and in the modern existentialist movement it reemerged challenging individuals to find meaning in the absurdity of existence friedi niter the renowned philosopher rekindled interest in this concept with his passionate writings he saw in this ancient idea a powerful antidote to the nihilism and despair of the modern age for n to love one's fate was to affirm life to say yes to existence in all its forms joy and sorrow success and failure life and death it was a radical acceptance that transformed every moment into an expression of will A Dance with Destiny this philosophy however extends beyond the realm of abstract thought it finds its place in the the very real and tangible world of psychology and personal development in the challenges we Face the setbacks we endure and the victories we celebrate there is an opportunity to practice this philosophy it is in the acceptance of what we cannot change and the courage to change what we can that the essence of this idea comes alive in modern psychological terms it aligns with the concepts of res ience acceptance and positive reframing it resonates with the teachings of cognitive behavioral therapy which emphasizes the power of mindset in overcoming life's hurdles as we embark on this exploration we will Journey Through the Landscapes of History philosophy psychology and real life application we will uncover how this ancient wisdom can be a Guiding Light in our quest for personal growth and self-improvement we will delve into the stories of those who have lived by this principle drawing lessons from their experiences these stories are not just tales of the past but mirrors reflecting our own struggles and triumphs moreover we will explore the Practical aspects of this philosophy how can we apply this in our daily lives how can we train our minds to see the beauty in Fate's design this journey is not about passive acceptance but active engagement with life it is about Transforming Our perspective about seeing the silver lining in every cloud about finding the strength in vulnerability about recognizing the wisdom in surrender as we navigate through this exploration we invite you to reflect on your own relationship with Destiny how do you respond to the unexpected turns of Life do you resist or do you embrace the answers to these questions are not just academic musings but keys to unlocking a more fulfilling and resilient life in this exploration we will also address the criticisms and challenges of this philosophy how does one balance acceptance with ambition how does one Embrace faith without falling into fatalism these are questions that warrant thoughtful consideration and we will seek to provide new nuanced perspectives on them before we dive into the video let us remember that this journey is not just about understanding a philosophical concept it is about discovering a pathway to personal transformation it is about learning to dance with the Rhythm of Life to find Harmony and dissonance to turn the cacophony of chance into a symphony of serendipity it is about embracing our destiny not as a pre-written script but as a canvas waiting for our brush Strokes the roots of this philosophy take us back to ancient stoicism a school of thought born in the helenistic period the stoics philosophers who valued virtue wisdom and emotional resilience laid the groundwork for what would later be embraced as a profound love for one's fate they believed in living in harmony with the natural order of the universe accepting that certain things are beyond control Central to their teaching was the idea that our reactions to events are within our control even if the events themselves are not stoicism's influence persisted through the centuries shaping the thoughts of many who sought understanding in the face of life's vagaries the Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius a stoic philosopher himself penned meditations that have served as a guide for countless individuals seeking Solace and strength his words reflected a deep acceptance of the natural course of events and understanding that the only true power we hold is over our own responses moving forward in time the concept found a passionate advocate in Friedrich niter his interpretation was both revolutionary and radical for the 19th century n known for challenging the conventional Norms of his time saw in this ancient idea a powerful means to airm life for n it was not just about accepting what life offers it was about loving it about finding joy and meaning in every moment every challenge every Triumph and every defeat his perspective was not one of passive acceptance but of active engagement with life a call to embrace all aspects of existence with enthusiasm and vigor in n's view the Embrace of one's fate was an act of personal power and freedom it was a rejection of victimhood and a celebration of agency he urged individuals to not only accept but to love their fate to see it as an essential part of their Journey an integral piece of their individual growth and self-realization this view turned the concept into a dynamic life affirming philosophy in contemporary life the relevance of this philosophy is perhaps more pronounced than ever in an era marked by rapid change and uncertain certainty the ability to embrace the unexpected becomes a valuable skill the modern world with its complexities and challenges often leads individuals to seek control over every aspect of their lives however this quest for control can be a source of great Stress and Anxiety when confronted with the inevitable unpredictability of Life today this stoic wisdom offers a counternarrative to the modern obsession with control it suggests that there is strength in acceptance power in adaptability and wisdom in recognizing the limits of our control in a world that often feels chaotic and unpredictable the idea of loving one's fate becomes a source of stability and resilience it encourages a mindset that looks for opportunities and challenges that finds strength in adversity and that sees growth in every experience this philosophy also intersects with contemporary psychological practices in the Realms of cognitive behavioral therapy and mindfulness there is an emphasis on acceptance and reframing one's perception of events these practices much like the stoic teachings advocate for a focus on our responses to events rather than the events themselves they Echo the idea that our power lies not in changing what happens to us but in changing how we respond to it furthermore in a society that often values individ individualism and Personal Achievement this philosophy offers a different perspective it suggests that personal growth and fulfillment can also be found in how we navigate the inevitable how we dance with the rhythms of Fai this is not a call to paity but an invitation to engage with life more deeply more meaningfully as we explore this Rich philosophical Heritage we begin to understand the Timeless nature of these teachings the they offer insights that are as relevant today as they were in ancient times providing guidance and wisdom for navigating the complexities of Modern Life as we journey deeper into the exploration of fate and destiny it's essential to Define these terms from both philosophical and psychological standpoints philosophically Fate has often been viewed as a predetermined course of events Beyond human control it's an ancient concept present in numerous cultures and belief systems where fate is seen as a cosmic script written by Divine or natural forces Destiny on the other hand is frequently interpreted as the ultimate outcome of one's life a culmination of One's Choice choices actions and inherent characteristics while fate is often seen as set and unchangeable Destiny can be perceived as something more fluid shaped by an individual's actions within the boundaries of Fate from a psychological perspective these Concepts take on a slightly different color modern psychology views fate and destiny not as external deterministic forces but as perceptions and beliefs about life in the future in this view fate is not a pre-written script but rather a belief system that influences how individuals perceive and interact with the world this perspective sees Destiny as a construct of personal agency a narrative we create that aligns with our values goals and actions the distinction between fatalism and accepting fate is crucial in understanding the philosophy discussed earlier fatalism is often characterized by a sense of resignation a belief that human efforts are futile against the predetermined course of events this Viewpoint can lead to passivity and a disengagement from active decision making as outcomes are seen as inevitable regardless of one's actions accepting fate in the context of our discussion is distinct inly different it is not about resigning oneself to an unchangeable future but about embracing the uncontrollable aspects of Life while exercising agency this acceptance is an active Choice a stance that combines acknowledgment of life's unpredictability with a commitment to engage with it fully the impact of one's attitude towards fate is profound and far-reaching a perspective that Embraces the uncontrollable Elements of Life can lead to a greater sense of peace and resilience when individuals accept that certain things are beyond their control they can redirect their energy and focus towards areas where they can make a difference this shift in Focus can lead to enhanced personal growth greater emotional well-being and a deeper sense of fulfillment conversely a resistance to accepting the uncontrollable can result in chronic stress frustration and a feeling of helplessness this perspective is echoed in many psychological approaches for example in cognitive behavioral therapy there is an emphasis on understanding what can and cannot be controlled and learning to focus on the former this approach aligns with the stoic philosophy where the serenity to accept things we cannot change the courage to change the things we can and the wisdom to know the difference is a key t ten it in everyday life this approach can manifest in various ways it can mean accepting a sudden change in circumstances such as a career shift or a personal loss and finding ways to adapt and grow from these experiences it can also mean recognizing the limits of our influence in relationships or societal issues and choosing to focus on our responses and contributions rather than trying to control the outcome furthermore this acceptance does not equate to passivity it is an active engagement with life where one makes choices and takes actions within the framework of what is uncontrollable this active engagement is a form of empowerment a way of reclaiming agency in a world that often feels unpredictable and chaotic as we consider these ideas it becomes clear that our attitude towards fate and Destiny is not just a philosophical or psychological concept it is a practical approach to life a strategy for emotional and mental well-being and a pathway to personal fulfillment by understanding and embracing these Concepts we can navigate life's uncertainties with greater resilience and purpose the distinction and interplay between faith and Destiny and our attitude towards them offer a rich ground for reflection they challenge us to examine our beliefs reassess our priorities and redefine our approach to life's journey embracing fate a concept deeply rooted in both philosophical thought and psychological practice offers a myriad of benefit benefits among these resilience stress reduction and acceptance stand out as key elements that profoundly impact an individual's mental and emotional well-being resilience the stoic philosophers renowned for their focus on inner strength and resilience viewed the Embrace of Fate as a pathway to enduring life's hardships with Grace and fortitude this resilience is not about denying or avoiding difficulties rather it's about facing them headon with a mindset geared towards growth and learning in the stoic view challenges our opportunities to practice virtues like courage patience and wisdom this perspective transforms obstacles into steing Stones fostering a resilience that is both empowering and liberating in modern psychological terms resilience is understood as the ability to bounce back from adversity it's about adapting well in the face of trauma tragedy threats or significant sources of stress when we embrace our fate we develop a mindset that looks beyond the immediate discomfort or pain of a situation and sees the potential for personal growth and development this shift in perspective is crucial in building resilience it enables individuals to navigate through life's ups and downs with a sense of purpose and hope rather than feeling victimized by their circumstances stress reduction stress often a product of our resistance to what is can be significantly reduced when we learn to embrace our fate this concept aligns with modern psychological practices like mindfulness and cognitive behavioral therapy which emphasize acceptance and living in the present moment when we spend our energy fighting against things we cannot change we create unnecessary stress for ourselves by accepting and embracing these aspects of life we reduce internal conflict and the physiological and psychological toll it takes this does not mean passively resigning to whatever happens instead it's about recognizing the difference between what we can control and what we can't and choosing to respond to the latter with acceptance rather than resistance this acceptance leads to a decrease in Stress and Anxiety as we let go of the struggles to control the uncontrollable it allows us to focus our energy on what we can change leading to more effective and efficient action acceptance the path to Inner Peace acceptance a central tenant of many philosophical and psychological schools of thought is closely linked to the concept of embracing fate it's about acknowledging the reality of a situation rather than denying or fighting it this acceptance is not a sign of weakness rather it's a sign of strength and wisdom it allows us to see things as they are without the Distortion of our fears desires or prejudices in the realm of psychology acceptance is a key component of therapies like acceptance and commitment therapy act which teaches individuals to accept their reactions and be present with what life brings while committing to action that aligns with their values this approach helps in reducing suffering as fighting reality often leads to more pain and frustration when we accept Our Fate we open ourselves to experiencing life fully without the constant struggle against reality the Synergy between philosophical and psychological aspects of embracing fate is evident philosophically it offers a pathway to a more meaningful and fulfilling life where challenges are seen as part of The Human Experience essential for growth and development psychologically it aligns with evidence-based practices that promote mental health and well-being embracing Fai teaches us to find balance it's about cultivating the wisdom to know when to act and when to let go this balance is crucial in navigating life's complexities it helps in building a life that is not only resilient and stress-free but also rich in experiences and learning as we integrate these philosophical and psychological insights into our lives we begin to see a transformation we become more resilient less stressed and more accepting of life's flow this transformation is not just about personal growth it's about living a life that is deeply connected to the world around us a life that Embraces all its Shades and nuances with openness and Grace building on the foundation of understanding the benefits of embracing fate we now transition into practical applications cultivating mindfulness the art of present living mindfulness a practice rooted in ancient traditions and validated by modern psychology is a powerful tool for embracing one's destiny it involves paying attention to the present moment without judgment or resistance this practice helps in cultivating an awareness that is deeply connected to the essence of amor Fati the acceptance and appreciation of life as it unfolds to integrate mindfulness into daily life one can start with simple practices like mindful breathing where attention is focused on the breath observing each inhalation and exhalation this can be extended to other activities such as eating walking or even engaging in conversation by fully immersing oneself in the experience and being fully present over time this practice of mindfulness Fosters a deepen sense of connection with the present moment reducing stress and enhancing one's capacity to embrace life's experiences reflective practices gaining insight and Clarity reflection is an another key technique in practicing amorfati it involves looking back on experiences not with regret or resentment but with an open mind seeking to understand and learn journaling is an excellent reflective practice offering a space to process thoughts and emotions and to explore the lessons hidden within life's events through regular reflection one can develop a more profound understanding of how life's challenges and successes contribute to personal growth reflect action can also involve contemplative practices such as meditation or even engaging in thoughtful discussions with others these practices encourage a deeper exploration of one's thoughts and feelings leading to Greater self-awareness and a heightened ability to embrace one's path embracing challenges finding meaning in adversity life's challenges are often the crucibles within which the true essence of embracing fate is tested and refined finding meaning in adversity is a core aspect of this philosophy it involves shifting perspective from seeing challenges as obstacles to viewing them as opportunities for growth and development this shift can be facilitated by asking oneself questions like what can I learn from this situation or how can this challenge Help Me Grow such questions open the door to finding value in even the most difficult circumstances they encourage a proactive rather than reactive approach to Life's trials aligning with the idea of actively engaging with one's fate creating rituals and routines establishing daily rituals and routines can help in embodying the principles of amorfati these can be simple actions like starting the day with a moment of gratitude or ending it with a reflection on the day's events such rituals serve as constant reminders of one's commitment to embracing life fully and can be powerful Tools in fostering a mindset aligned with a more fatti cultivating resilience through positive reframing positive reframing is a technique often used in cognitive behavioral therapy and it's highly relevant in practicing Amor Fati it involves altering one's perception of events to find the positive aspect or the potential for positive outcomes this doesn't mean ignoring the negative but rather choosing to focus on the constructive elements of a situation by positively reframing experiences one builds resilience and a more adaptive approach to Life's challenges engaging in self-compassion self-compassion is an integral part of embracing one's Destiny it involves treating oneself with kindness and understanding especially in times of difficulty or failure practicing self-compassion means acknowledging that suffering and imperfection are part of the human experience by extending compassion to oneself individuals can better Embrace their life path accepting both their strengths and weaknesses continuous learning and growth finally the practice of a morati is an ongoing process of learning learning and growth it involves an open-minded approach to life where one is always ready to learn from new experiences and perspectives this can involve reading exploring new hobbies traveling or engaging in educational opportunities continuous learning and growth are essential in fully embracing one's Destiny as they provide new lenses through which to view and experience life through these practical strategies and techniques we can see how the philosophy of embracing one's faith can be woven into the fabric of everyday life these practices not only enhance personal well-being but also contribute to a more fulfilling and meaningful life Journey now I want us to explore the profound lessons from famous philosophers and how their insights into embracing fate are relevant to Modern Life and personal development friedi ner embracing life as it is friederick n's perspective on life and fate is one of the most compelling in modern philosophy his assertion my formula for greatness in a human being is that one wants nothing to be different not forward not backward not in all eternity encapsulates a radical acceptance of life in its entirety this perspective goes beyond mere acceptance It's a fervent love for every aspect of life including pain struggle and joy applying nitti's philosophy in contemporary settings involves a bold affirmation of life's experiences it's about finding value in every moment moment and seeing challenges as integral to personal growth and development in the context of personal development this approach encourages individuals to approach life's uncertainties with curiosity and openness rather than fear and resistance it teaches that true greatness and fulfillment lie not in changing our circumstances but in Transforming Our attitude towards them Marcus Aurelius the stoic Embrace of Fate Marcus Aurelius a Roman Emperor and stoic philosopher offered a perspective that intertwines personal virtue with the acceptance of Fate his advice to accept the things to which fith binds you and love the people with whom fith brings you together but do so with all your heart provides a blueprint for finding Harmony and contentment in life's given circumstances in the hustle of Modern Life aurelius's words remind us of the importance of accepting what we cannot change and finding joy in our relationships and experiences this stoic acceptance does not imply passivity rather it's an active engagement with life focusing on nurturing the relationships and opportunities that fate presents for personal development aurelius's philosophy teaches the value of presence gratitude and the pursuit of virtue in daily life epicus wanting life as it happens epicus another influential stoic philosopher taught that the key to well-being lies in Desiring things as they occur do not seek to have events happen as you want them to but instead want them to happen as they do happen and your life will go well this profound Insight suggests that the secret to a fulfilling life is aligning our desires with reality rather than resisting what life brings in contemporary terms epictetus's philosophy underscores the importance of adaptability and acceptance for personal growth it encourages a mindset shift from trying to control life to adapting to it this approach enhances resilience reduces stress and fosters a more harmonious interaction with the World by wanting life as it happens individuals can find peace and purpose even in the midst of chaos and uncertainty the philosophies of these great thinkers offer Timeless wisdom that is strikingly relevant to the challenges of Modern Life in an era where change is constant and uncertainty is a given their teachings provide a road map for navigating life with Grace resilience and purpose applying their lessons involves a conscious shift in perspective seeing life's unpredictability not as a series of obstacles but as opportunities for growth and self-discovery it requires a mindset that values growth over Comfort learning over security and personal virtue over external success in Practical terms this can mean approaching life's challenges with curiosity and openness rather than fear or resistance cultivating gratitude and presence in Daily experiences especially in relationships and small Joys practicing adaptability aligning our desires and actions with the reality of our circumstances seeking growth and learning in every experience using life's lessons as stepping stones for personal development the integration of these philosophical insights into daily life promises not just a more resilient and stress-free existence but a deeply fulfilling and meaningful Journey as we embrace the wisdom of these philosophers we learn to navigate life's complexity with a sense of clarity purpose and peace imagine you're trying to fall asleep but the more you try the more awake you feel or think about a time when you were so focused on making a good impression that you ended up feeling awkward and out of place this common experience where our efforts seem to backfire is not just a quirk of human behavior it's a fundamental Paradox that has intrigued thinkers and philosophers for centuries it's the idea that sometimes the harder we try to achieve something the more elusive it becomes this Paradox is not just a passing thought but a profound insight into The Human Condition one that has been explored in depth by the great Russian novelist and philosopher Fodor dostoevski this legendary novelist stands as a Tien in the worlds of literature philosophy and psychology his Works profound and penetrating explore the darkest and most complex depths of the human psyche but it's through the lens of what we'll call the Paradox of effort where his insights truly resonate with modern dilemmas of striving and ambition born in 1821 in Moscow dostoevsky's life was as dramatic and turbulent as his novels his experiences ranging from a near execution to the throws of epilepsy shaped his understanding of human suffering and resilience his narratives aren't just stories they are Explorations Into The Human Condition dissecting the psyche with a Precision that predates the formal study of psychology dostoevsky's impact on philosophy and psychology is profound his characters trapped in webs of existential crises moral dilemas and social alienation serve as case studies for understanding complex human behaviors and mental processes they are more than mere fictional beings they are embodiments of psychological archetypes making his work Timeless in its relevance Central to our discussion is the Paradox of effort this concept challenges the conventional wisdom that more effort leads to Greater success instead instead Doo's narrative suggest that sometimes intense striving can lead to adverse outcomes a theme deeply embedded in our own lives and contemporary psychology in Notes from Underground the protagonists Relentless introspection and resistance to societal Norms lead not to Enlightenment but to a kind of existential paralysis in crime and punishment raskolnikov's efforts to transcend conventional morality result in a spiral of guilt and psychological turmoil and in the idiot Prince Michigan's quest for absolute goodness collides with the flawed realities of the society around him illustrating the complexities and often tragic consequences of unyielding idealism these narratives are not just literary Explorations but reflections of a universal Human Experience they highlight the nuanced relationship between our actions intentions and the unforeseen consequences that can arise from our most Earnest efforts as we delve into the paradoxical world of dooi we find ourselves confronting the question can our Relentless pursuit of a goal become our own undoing the answer lies not just in the pages of his novels but in the very fabric of our daily lives and psychological makeup in this exploration ation we will bridge the gap between Doo's 19th century Russia and our contemporary World drawing parallels and deriving insights that are as relevant today as they were over a century ago through his eyes we will examine the delicate balance between effort and outcome ambition and restraint and how understanding this balance can inform our journey towards self-improvement and psychological understanding as we embark on the exploration remember that his works are not just stories from a bygone era they are a mirror reflecting the Timeless and often contradictory nature of our own Pursuits and desires join me in this journey of unraveling the Paradox of effort through the philosophy of Fodor dostoevski where each page turns to reveal deeper layers of The Human Experience the Paradox of effort at its core presents an intriguing contradiction in the realm of self-development and psychology it's the idea that our intense efforts to achieve a goal can sometimes backfire leading to the very outcomes we were striving to avoid this Paradox challenges the conventional Narrative of the harder you work the more you succeed suggesting that in some situations too much effort can be counterproductive this concept is not just theoretical it finds its roots in various psychological theories and real life scenarios in Psychology for instance there's a phenomenon known as over justification effect this effect occurs when an external incentive like a reward diminishes a person's intrinsic motivation to perform a task essentially when we try too hard to achieve something especially for external rewards our intrinsic motivation dwindles and the task itself becomes less enjoyable and meaningful furthermore in the domain of cognitive psychology there's the concept of analysis paralysis a state where overthinking a situation can cause decision-making to become Frozen this is a classic example of the Paradox of effort where the more effort we put into making the perfect decision the less capable we become of making any decision at all but how does this translate into everyday life consider a common scenario a person trying to impress in a social situation the more effort they put into appearing likable or funny the more likely they are to come across as try hard or insincere ultimately achieving the opposite of their intended effect another example can be found in the realm of creativity many artists and writers have spoken about the moments when their best work flows not through intense effort but when they are in a state of relaxation almost as if the work is creating itself this aligns with mial chicks and mial concept of flow a state of effortless immersion in a task where creativity blossoms not from strenuous effort but from a kind of spontaneous engagement philosophically this Paradox can be tied back to ancient ideas in taism for example there's the concept of Wu way which translates to non-action or effortless action it's the idea that the best way to approach tasks in life is not through forceful effort but through a kind of harmonious and spontaneous engagement with the world this ancient wisdom Echoes through Doo's narratives where characters often find themselves ens snared in their struggles partly due to their forceful efforts to control their Destinies another philosophical connection can be made with the existentialist notion of bad faith as articulated by Jean Paul SRA bad bad faith occurs when individuals deceive themselves to avoid facing the full responsibility of their choices in the context of the Paradox of effort this can be seen when people overexert themselves in roles or tasks not out of genuine engagement but as a way to escape confronting their authentic desires or existential anxieties in exploring these various dimensions of the Paradox of effort we begin to see a pattern the importance of balance and authentic authenticity in our endeavors it's not a call to abandon effort but to recognize the Nuance Dynamics between our actions intentions and they sometimes unpredictable outcomes this understanding is crucial in the field of self-development where the emphasis is often on Relentless effort and goal attainment recognizing the paradoxical nature of effort encourages a more holistic approach where success is not just about the external achievements but also about internal Harmony and authenticity as we transition from the theoretical to the Practical it becomes clear that understanding the Paradox of effort is not just an intellectual exercise it's a key to unlocking a more balanced effective and fulfilling approach to personal growth and development by acknowledging that sometimes less is more we open ourselves to a more intuitive and harmonious way of living where effort and ease coexist leading to more sustainable and satisfying outcomes now we will delve into Doo's masterpieces Notes from Underground Crime and Punishment and the idiot to see how these themes play out in the lives of his characters through their stories we will explore the depths of the human psyche the intricacies of the Paradox of effort and the Timeless lessons they hold for our own journeys of self-improvement Notes from Underground written by dostoevski in 1864 is a pioneering work that delves deep into the psychological landscape of its protagonist known as the underground man this Noel is split into two parts the first is a monologue in which the underground man introduces his philosophy and the second illustrates these ideas through his interactions Society the nolla's main themes revolve around the ideas of Free Will determinism and the nature of human consciousness the underground man living in self-imposed isolation grapples with his own paradoxical desires and the absurdities of society he represents a man in conflict with himself and the world embodying the very essence of the Paradox of effort one of the most striking aspects of Notes from Underground is the underground man's acute self-awareness coupled with his inability to act in his own best interest he is aware of his paradoxical nature as he States I swear gentlemen that to be overly conscious is a sickness a real thorough sickness this hyperconsciousness leads him to overanalyze every situation leaving him paralyzed and incapable of genuine action the Paradox in his behavior is evident when he describes his interactions with others he Longs for connection yet he sabotages any chance of it through his Spite and cynicism he says I reached a point where I not only felt but even began to cherish a boundless hatred For All Mankind this self-sabotage is a direct result of his excessive effort to assert his individuality and intellect which only deepens his isolation and misery a key passage reflecting the Paradox of effort is when the underground man discusses his desire for suffering he States suffering is the sole origin of Consciousness here dooi suggests that the character's conscious choice to to suffer is an attempt to affirm his existence and freedom however this deliberate suffering becomes a form of self-imposed tyranny illustrating how his efforts to assert his freedom ironically lead to his own enslavement another crucial moment is when he confronts Liza a prostitute with whom he initially seeks a connection he tells her you will always be unhappy projecting his own misery onto her in this interaction his effort to find some semblance of power and superiority culminates in a realization of his own pitiable State his efforts to elevate himself only serve to plunge him deeper into self-loathing and regret Notes from Underground is a profound exploration of The Human Condition delving into the complexities of free will the search for meaning and the pitfalls of excessive introspection the the underground man is a character who embodies the Paradox of effort in its most extreme form his constant ere effort to assert his intelligence and individuality only leads to Greater suffering and isolation through this narrative dooi challenges us to consider the consequences of our own efforts especially when they are driven by ego spite or a desire to distinguish ourselves from others the Nolla serves as a cautionary tale about the dangers of excessive introspection and the importance of genuine connection and simplicity in life as we reflect on the Underground man's story we begin to understand the subtle yet profound implications of the Paradox of effort in our own lives it prompts us to question the motives behind our actions and the potential consequences of our Relentless striving for individuality and recognition Crime and Punishment published in 1866 is often regarded as one of Fodor Doo's greatest works set in St Petersburg the novel focuses on the life of rodion raskolnikov a former student who commits a murder driven by a complex blend of motives and ideas the story is not just a tale of crime and it consequences but a deep psychological study of the protagonist's mind and moral dilemma raskolnikov's character is an intricate study in the Paradox of effort his intellectual efforts lead him to formulate a theory that divides Humanity into ordinary and Extraordinary People he convinces himself that extraordinary people have the right to transgress moral boundaries to achieve their purposes famously justifying his his theory by saying the extraordinary have the right to commit any crime and to transgress the law in any way just because they are extraordinary this Theory leads raskolnikov to murder an unscrupulous porn broker rationalizing it as a service to society however the ACT plunges him into a psychological crisis underpinning the novel's exploration of guilt Redemption and the moral consequences of one's actions the Paradox of effort is vividly displayed here his intellectual Endeavor to justify his actions only deepens his sense of guilt and alienation dostoevski masterfully portrays raskolnikov's internal conflict and gradual unraveling post murder raskolnikov fluctuates between self-justification and profound guilt he reflects I wanted to become a Napoleon that is why I killed her do you understand now this confession highlights the Paradox his effort to assert his superiority and theoretical beliefs only leads him to moral degradation and self-loathing the novel also explores the theme of redemption tied to effort raskolnikov's path to Redemption is not through further intellectual justification but through acceptance of his guilt and empathy for others his interactions with Sonia a character symbolizing compassion and and moral Integrity play a crucial role in his journey she tells him accept suffering and Achieve atonement through it that is what you must do crime and punishment is not merely a story about a crime it's an exploration of the psychological turmoil and moral dilemmas that follow dostoevski uses raskolnikov's character to dissect the complexities of the human conscience the dangers of unchecked intellectual arrogance and the Redemptive power of empathy raskolnikov's journey is a stark illustration of the Paradox of effort his intellectual efforts to elevate himself above societal norms and morals lead not to freedom and power but to psychological torment and a desperate need for atonement his realization and acceptance of his guilt coupled with the humbling power of empathy and love ultimately paved the way for his Redemption this novel compels us to reflect on our own moral compass and the implications of our actions especially when driven by a misguided sense of superiority or a flawed theoretical framework it underscores the importance of empathy humility and the acceptance of our fallibility as key components in our journey towards moral and psychological integrity Fodor Doo's the idiot a masterpiece in the Canon of Russian literature stands as a profound exploration of innocence and morality amidst a society marked by cynicism and manipulation the novel's protagonist Prince Le nikovic mishkin returns to Russia for from a Swiss sanatorium and is thrust into a complex web of social relations love entanglements and moral dilemmas Prince mishin is the epitome of Doo's exploration of the Paradox of effort his character is not just an embodiment of Innocence but also a representation of the struggles that come with trying to maintain this Purity in a society that is often anything but pure Michigan's condition which includes episodes of epilepsy is symbolic of his heighten sensitivity to the world around him his perspective is one of unguarded honesty and a deep almost naive empathy for others dostoevski introduces mishkin with a sense of innate goodness as someone who sees the world without the cynicism that characterizes many of the novel's other characters he describes mishin as someone who perhaps precisely because of his illness had stepped over Life's trivialities a line that encapsulates the prince's otherworldly perspective however this unguarded innocence and desire to do good often lead mishkin into challenging situations illustrating the Paradox of effort in a Stark light his interactions with Nastasia philipovna and AGA ivanovna two Central female characters are particularly telling Nastasia tormented and self-destructive becomes an object of Michigan's compassion while Agia represents a Poss ibility of normaly and mutual affection mishkin's attempts to navigate these relationships grounded in his moral convictions and desire to help often result in misunderstandings and heartache a critical moment in the novel is mishkin's confrontation with rogo Xin a character who represents many of the darker aspects of human nature that mishan seems immune to the tension between them symbolizes the clash between innocence and Corruption idealism and pragmatism in a pivotal scene mishin States I believe in the virtue of suffering highlighting his almost Christlike capacity for empathy and self-sacrifice Michigan's interactions with the broader Society further Expos the challenges of maintaining innocence in a corrupt World his honest and straightforward demeanor often leaves him vulnerable to manipulation and ridicule the society in which mishigan finds himself is one where duplicity greed and power play dominate starkly contrasting with his own values of honesty and genuine empathy Doo's portrayal of mishin raises poignant questions about the nature of goodness and its place in society the prince's Purity rather than being a source of strength often becomes a liability leading to misinterpretation and exploitation by by those around him the novel thus presents a complex picture of the struggle between goodness and the realities of societal interaction as Michigan's story unfolds we see the tragic unraveling of a man whose efforts to live a life of moral Integrity increasingly alienate him from the world he seeks to improve his fate is a powerful illustration of Doo's exploration of the paradox of effort the more mishin strives to uphold his ideals of goodness and honesty the more he finds himself entangled in situations that betray these very ideals the novel culminates in a series of tragic events that underscore the fragility of innocence in a morally ambiguous World mishkin's Journey marked by his efforts to remain true to his principles ends in a poignant realization of the limits of his idealism his descent into a state of mental disarray is a testament to the overwhelming burden of trying to reconcile his Purity with the complexities of the world around him in the idiot dooi not only crafts a narrative about the struggles of an innocent man in a corrupt world but also offers a deep meditation on the nature of human morality the challenges of maintaining integrity and the often tragic consequences of our efforts to do so the novel stands as a profound exploration of The Human Condition the complexities of social interaction and the delicate balance between inocence and the pragmatic demands of society the insights gleaned from the idiot are as relevant today as they were in Doo's time they challenge us to consider the place of Purity and moral Integrity in our own lives and the broader societal context the Paradox of effort as Illustrated through Michigan's story serves as a powerful reminder of the complexities of human nature and the unpredictable outcomes of our noblest intentions as we conclude our journey through Doo's the idiot we are left to ponder the delicate dance between our aspirations for moral goodness and the realities of the world we inhabit the novel not only reflects the Timeless struggles of humanity but also offers a deep well of wisdom from which we can draw insights into our own lives and the pursuit of personal and moral development F Doo's literature offers a profound philosophical exploration of human nature his Works dense with existential questions and moral dilemmas probe the depths of the human psyche challenging our understanding of Free Will morality and the essence of The Human Condition Central to his exploration of human nature is the theme of existentialism existentialism a philosophical movement that emphasizes individual existence freedom and choice is a lens through which dostoevski examines the complexities of the human soul his characters frequently grapple with existential crisis often manifested in their struggle to find meaning in a seemingly indifferent world the Paradox of effort as highlighted in his Works ties intricately with existentialist themes his character's intense efforts to assert their existential Freedom often lead them to outcomes that contradict their intentions this Paradox mirrors the existentialist View that while humans are free to choose they are also burdened by the responsibility and consequences of those choices in Notes from Underground the underground man's hyperconsciousness and his consequent paralysis is a striking example of existential despair he recognizes the absurdity of life and his freedom to act but is overwhelmed by this Freedom leading to inaction and self-loathing his his efforts to assert his free will only deepen his sense of powerlessness and alienation Doo's exploration of Free Will and morality is another Cornerstone of his philosophical insights his characters often find themselves at moral Crossroads where their choices have profound implications for their Destiny raskolnikov in crime and punishment is the embodiment of this struggle his decision to murder based on a theory of moral exceptionalism sets him on a path of intense moral conflict and psychological torment his journey reflects the existentialist view that we are condemned to be free our choices Define us yet they also confine us within the consequences they unleash this conflict between Free Will and morality is further explored in the idiot Prince Michigan's attempts to live a life of pure goodness in a flawed World highlight the tension between moral idealism and the practicalities of human society his Purity a result of his exercise of Free Will clashes with the world's complexities underscoring the existential dilemma of striving to maintain moral Integrity in an imperfect World finally dostoevsky's portrayal of The Human Condition is steeped in existentialist thought his characters often embody the existential idea of the Absurd the conflict between the human tendency to seek inherent value and meaning in life and the inability to find any in a chaotic indifferent Universe the underground man raskolnikov and mishkin each in their way face this absurdity their struggles and inner turmoil reflect the human condition's intrinsic quest for meaning the burden of freedom and the inevitable confrontation with the absurdity of existence dooi uses these characters and their narratives to delve into existential questions about the nature of suffering the search for meaning and the inevitability of death he does not provide easy answers instead he presents the struggle itself as a fundamental aspect of the Human Condition his Works suggest that it is through this struggle through grappling with the paradoxes of effort freedom and morality that we come closer to understanding the essence of our existence in synthesizing Doo's philosophical insights it becomes evident that his exploration of human nature is deeply rooted in caught in the web of their existential dilemmas reflect the paradoxes and complexities of The Human Condition through their struggles dostoevski invites us to ponder the nature of Freedom the burden of choice and the Quest for meaning in an often incomprehensible World his Works challenge us to confront the realities of our existence the dissonance between our aspirations and our actions the tension between moral idealism and practical living and the endless quest for meaning in a world that offers no absolute answers Doo's profound exploration of these themes not only cements his status as a literary genius but also as a Timeless philosopher whose insights continue to resonate with the existential questions of Modern Life as we move forward in our exploration we carry with us the rich tapestry of dostoevsky's insights into human nature his Works a mirror to our innermost struggles and aspirations offer invaluable lessons for our journey of self-improvement and understanding of the Paradox of effort Theodor Doo's literary Works rich with psychological and existential depth provide valuable lessons for personal development his exploration of the human psyche especially the themes of effort limitations and personal growth offers a unique perspective on self-improvement one of the first steps in self-development as gleaned from Doo's work is understanding and embracing one's limitations his characters often face the consequences of overstepping their boundaries whether it be the underground man's paralysis by over analysis or kolnik of's moral downfall these narratives underscore the importance of recognizing our limitations recognizing our limitations is not a sign of weakness but an acknowledgment of our human condition it involves understanding our strengths and weaknesses our Tendencies towards certain behaviors and the unique challenges we face this self-awareness is crucial in setting realistic goals and developing strategies that align with our capabilities and and circumstances in Practical terms embracing limitations can involve setting achievable goals acknowledging areas where we need help or Improvement and avoiding the Trap of comparing ourselves with others it means understanding that Perfection is an unattainable ideal and that growth often comes from acknowledging and working within our constraints Doo's work also speaks to the importance of B balancing effort acceptance the Paradox of effort as seen in his characters reveals that Relentless striving without self-awareness can lead to counterproductive outcomes the key lies in finding a balance between working towards our goals and accepting our current state this balance can be achieved through mindful effort putting in the necessary work towards our goals while being aware of our mental and emotional state it involves recognizing when our efforts are leading to diminishing returns or when they're driven by unhealthy motives like ego fear or external validation mindfulness practices such as meditation or reflective journaling can be instrumental in maintaining this balance they help in developing an awareness of our thoughts and actions allowing us to discern when our efforts are aligned with our goals and values and when they are not in personal de development acceptance plays a crucial role it involves accepting our current situation including our failures and shortcomings as part of our growth Journey this acceptance is not about resignation but about recognizing the reality of our situation and using it as a starting point for improvement based on dostoevsky's insights here are some practical tips for personal growth one reflect on your motives regularly assess why you are pursuing certain goals are they driven by intrinsic values or external pressures understanding your motives can help align your efforts with what truly matters to you two set realistic goals align your goals with your abilities and circumstances unrealistic goals can lead to frustration and burnout break down larger goals into smaller manageable tasks to maintain motivation and progress three Embrace failure as a learning opportunity failure is an inevitable part of growth instead of viewing it as a setback see it as a chance to learn and improve reflect on what went wrong and how you can do better next time four cultivate self-compassion be kind to yourself in your self-improvement journey acknowledge your efforts even when they don't lead to the desired outcome and treat yourself with the same compassion you would offer a friend five practice mindfulness engage in activities that enhance your self-awareness mindfulness can help you stay grounded and focused and recognize when to push forward and when to step back six seek feedback and support don't hesitate to seek advice and support from others feedback can provide New Perspectives and help you recognize blind spots in your self-improvement Journey seven balance routine with flexibility while a routine can provide structure be flexible to adapt to changing circumstances flexibility allows you to respond to unexpected challenges and opportunities for growth eight prioritize mental and emotional well-being ensure that your pursuit of goals does not come at the cost of your mental and emotional health regularly engage in activities that promotee relaxation and Rejuvenation by applying these strategies inspired by dostoevsky's insights we can approach self-improvement in a more balanced self-aware and effective manner these approaches not only Foster personal growth but also contribute to a deeper understanding of ourselves and our place in the world in our rush to do everything faster we end up doing everything worse Carl Honore in a world that moves at Breakneck speed where the tick of the clock dictates our lives and the of Technology constantly interrupts our thoughts it's easy to lose sight of The Art of Living itself this is where the philosophy of slow living steps in a gentle yet powerful reminder that there is more to life than just racing to the Finish Line as Carl onor a vocal advocate of the slow movement eloquently put it in our rush to do everything faster we end up doing everything worse this simple statement encapsulates the essence of slow living a philosophy that encourages us to break free from the shackles of haste and urgency and embrace a life lived with intention mindfulness and a deep appreciation for the present moment at its core slow living is not about doing everything at a snail's pace rather it's about finding the right speed to do things with purpose quality and a deeper sense of satisfaction it's a philosophy that challenges the modern Narrative of more is better urging us to step back and question our Relentless pursuit of efficiency and speed this lifestyle choice is a conscious effort to decelerate the pace of Our Lives allowing us to breathe reflect and engage more fully with our surroundings and our inner selves the idea of slow living stems from the slow food movement which began in Italy in the 1980s as a protest against the opening of a fast food restaurant in Rome this movement which prioritized local food traditions and sustainable agriculture soon blossomed into a global Crusade against the homogeneization of culture and the Relentless pace of Modern Life today the concept of slow living has seeped into various aspects of Our Lives from slow travel and slow fashion to slow parenting and slow education each ad advocating for a more measured Mindful and sustainable approach to these areas slow living is in many ways a personal Journey a path that leads to Greater self-awareness and a more harmonious relationship with time it encourages us to pause and Savor life's Simple Pleasures to engage in activities that bring joy and fulfillment and to cultivate relationships that are meaningful and enduring it's about making a conscious choice to prioritize quality over quantity to Value experiences over possessions and to find beauty in the ordinary and the everyday embracing slow living doesn't mean rejecting technology or modern conveniences rather it's about using them in a way that enhances our lives without dominating them it's about finding balance in a world that often seems unbalanced about rediscovering the Rhythm that resonates with our individual spirit and aligns with our personal values and aspirations in this context slow living becomes an act of rebellion a way to reclaim control over our time and our lives it's a statement against the culture of instant gratification and Perpetual busyness that defines much of our modern existence by choosing to live slowly we are choosing to live deliberately to make room for growth creativity and a deeper connection with the world around us as we delve into the various facets of slow living we will explore how this philosophy can be applied to different areas of Our Lives from the way we eat and the way we work to the way we play and the way we rest slow living offers a blueprint for a life that is richer more meaningful and More in tune with the natural rhythms of the world let's embark on this journey together a journey towards a life that is not measured by by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away let's discover the art of slow living one mindful step at a time lesson one embracing daily rituals do not dwell in the past do not dream of the future concentrate the mind on the present moment Buddha this Timeless wisdom Echoes profoundly in the context of our first exploration in the Journey of slow living embracing daily rituals rituals often perceived as mundane or routine are in fact powerful tools that can anchor Us in the present providing structure comfort and a sense of grounding in our fast-paced lives in a world where constant change and uncertainty seem to be the only constants establishing daily rituals becomes an act of self-care and mindfulness these rituals need not be elaborate they can be as simple as a morning cup of coffee savored in silence a short walk in the park or the nightly routine of reading before bed the key lies in their regularity and the intention behind behind them when we engage in these rituals we are not just performing tasks we are consciously creating moments in our day that are hours alone Untouched by the external demands of the world these rituals serve as anchors holding us steady in the swirling currents of our busy lives they give us something to look forward to a moment of calm in the storm when we start our day with a ritual we set the tone for the hours that follow similarly ending our day with a ritual helps us unwind and prepare for restful sleep in these moments we find a rare opportunity to pause reflect and connect with ourselves this connection is vital for our mental and emotional well-being offering a chance to check in with our inner selves to align our actions with our values and to find joy in the Simplicity of the moment these daily rituals are not just about self-reflection they also have the power to transform our perception of time in a society that values productivity Above All Else where every minute is expected to be filled with purpose and achievement rituals allow us to reclaim time for ourselves they teach us that not every moment needs to be productive in the conventional sense some moments can simply be about being experiencing the world around us savoring the sensations of the present and acknowledging our existence in its fullest form creating meaningful routines in our daily life also helps us cultivate a sense of stability and normaly especially in times of stress or upheaval when the world around us feels chaotic and unpredictable our rituals can be a source of comfort and reliability they remind us that despite the everchanging nature of life there are still aspects that are within our control our actions our thoughts and how we choose to spend our time as we integrate these rituals into our lives we may find that they evolve and change just as we do what once brought us peace and joy May no longer resonate in the same way and that's okay the beauty of rituals lies in their fluidity they can be adapted modified and reinvented to suit our current needs circumstances the important thing is to remain Mindful and intentional about them to recognize their value in our journey towards slow living embracing daily rituals is about more than just creating routines it's about crafting a life that is intentional Mindful and deeply connected to the present it's about recognizing that in the ordinary we can find the extraordinary and in the mundane the magical lesson two the beauty of Simplicity life is really simple but we insist on making it complicated confuscious in this age of consumerism and information overload where abundance and complexity are often mistaken for success and happiness the call for Simplicity becomes not just whisper but a resonating demand for a return to the basics simplifying life to focus on what truly matters is an art in itself a conscious stripping away of the non-essential to make space for the essential at the heart of Simplicity lies the concept of minimalism not just as an aesthetic choice but as a mindset and a way of life it's about reducing the Clutter both physical and mental that crowds our lives and clouds our judgment this clutter isn't just the tangible mess in our homes and workspaces it's also the intangible mess in our minds the excess of thoughts worries and distractions that keep us from experiencing the present fully embracing minimalism in possessions and thoughts is akin to setting oneself free from the chains of excess minimalism isn't about deprivation rather it's about finding abundance in less it's about recognizing that having fewer possessions can lead to more freedom more energy and more focus when we declutter our spaces we declutter our minds we remove the things that distract us that drain our energy that keep usmed in a Perpetual state of wanting more this creates room for us to breathe to think to create and to enjoy the things that truly matter our relationships our passions our peace of mind in simplifying Our Lives we also simplify our thoughts we learn to distinguish between what deserves our attention and what does not we begin to Value quality over quantity substance over superficiality this mental decluttering is essential in an era where we are bombarded with information where our attention is constantly pulled in a thousand different directions by simplifying our thoughts we regain control over our focus our energy and ultimately our time the journey towards Simplicity also involves a shift in perspective it requires us to re-evaluate our definitions of success happiness and fulfillment we are often led to believe that more is better More Money More possessions more experiences but Simplicity teaches us that true satisfaction doesn't come from having more it comes from being more more present more aware more aligned with our values it teaches us to find joy and contentment in the Small Things The Quiet Moments The Simple Pleasures that life has to offer the beauty of Simplicity is multifaceted it's a beauty that lies in the clarity of a decluttered space in the Tranquility of a quiet mind in the joy of small pleasures and in the satisfaction of living a life aligned with one's values as we Embrace Simplicity we find that our lives become richer not in material terms but in terms of quality meaning and purpose Simplicity therefore is not just a pathway to slow living it is the very essence of it lesson three embracing and enjoying your fate I want to learn more and more to see as beautiful what is necessary in things then I shall be one of those who makes things beautiful amorfati let that be my love henceforth I do not want to wage war against what is ugly I do not want to accuse I do not even want to accuse those who accuse looking away shall be my only negation and all in all and on the whole someday I wish to be only a yes Sayer friedi nitche these profound words introduce us to a deeply philosophical yet immensely practical aspect of slow living embracing and enjoying your fate an idea encapsulated in the powerful concept of amor Fati the love of one's fate Amor Fati is not just a philosophical concept it's a way of living it's about accepting and even embracing everything that life brings your way the good and the bad the joyous and the painful this acceptance does not imply passive resignation rather it's an active Embrace of life in all its fullness a willingness to see every experience as an integral part of your journey it's a recognition that every Twist and Turn every obstacle and opportunity is a part of the unique tapestry of your life understanding and practicing amorfati means shifting our perspective on the events that shape Our Lives it involves a radical acceptance of the present regardless of whether it aligns with our wishes or desires this acceptance is empowering it frees us from the endless cycle of desire and disappointment of constantly striving for something different something more something else it allows us to find peace and joy in the way things are rather than constantly seeking happiness in the way we think things should be embracing your circumstances whatever they may be is not about giving up on change or Improvement on the contrary it's about recognizing that the only real change we can affect is within ourselves in our attitudes our perceptions and our reactions when we embrace our fate we Empower ourselves to respond to Life's challenges with strength Grace and wisdom we learn to see every situation as an opportunity for growth and transformation amorfati teaches us the value of gratitude in embracing Our Fate we learn to be grateful for the experiences that shape us even the painful ones we realize that our struggles are often our greatest teachers that our hardships can be the Catalyst for profound personal development this gratitude is not superficial it's a deep abiding appreciation for the richness and complexity of life living with Amor Fati also means embracing the impermanence of life it reminds us that everything is transient our Joys our sorrows our successes and our failures this awareness brings a sense of humility and perspective a recognition that we are but small players in the grand drama of the universe it teaches us to hold on to things lightly to enjoy the present moment without clinging to it to let go gracefully when the time comes but perhaps the most beautiful aspect of amorfati is the way it transforms our relationship with ourselves and the world around us when we embrace our faith we learn to be kinder to ourselves to forgive ourselves for our flaws and failures we learn to extend this kindness and compassion to others recognizing that like us they too are navigating the complexities of Fate we develop a sense of connectedness a realization that we are all part of the same intricate web of existence embracing and enjoying your faith is about finding Beauty and meaning in the life you have been given it's about saying yes to life in all its forms about making peace with the past engaging fully with the present and facing the future with courage and optimism it's a crucial Step In the Journey towards slow living a journey that encourages us to live deeply thoughtfully and authentically Lesson Four the value of leisure rest is not idleness and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day listening to the murmur of the water or watching the clouds float across the sky is by no means a waste of time John Leck in a culture that often equates business with importance and productivity with worth it's crucial to revisit and understand the true role of leisure in our lives leisure in its purest form is an essential aspect of human existence a vital counterbalance to the demands of work and the stresses of daily life Leisure is often misunderstood and unfortunately frequently conflated with laziness this misconception stems from a societal narrative that glorifies constant activity and productivity at the expense of rest and relaxation however Leisure and laziness are fundamentally different laziness is characterized by an unwillingness to act or use energy often leading to stagnation and a sense of dissatisfaction Leisure on the other hand is a conscious choice to engage in restful activities that rejuvenate and enrich our minds and bodies it is an active Pursuit a deliberate decision to allocate time for activities that bring joy relax relation and a break from the routine demands of Life the significance of leisure lies in its capacity to restore us it provides a space for mental and physical recovery allowing us to recharge and return to our work with Renewed Energy and perspective this restorative process is not just a matter of physical rest but also of mental relaxation Leisure Time gives us the opportunity to step away from our daily tasks and concerns to engage in activities that we enjoy for their own sake this could mean delving into a hobby spending time in nature reading a book or simply doing nothing at all the key is that these activities should be engaged in Freely and should bring a sense of joy and relaxation moreover Leisure plays a crucial role in fostering creativity and productivity contrary to the belief that constant work yields more results research shows that taking regular breaks and engaging in leisure activities can significantly boost creativity and productivity Leisure provides the mental space necessary for new ideas and perspectives to emerge it allows the subconscious mind to process and synthesize information leading to creative insights that often elude Us in the midst of focused work in addition it contributes to our overall well-being and happiness engaging in these activities can lead to a reduction in stress stress an improvement in mood and an increase in overall life satisfaction it provides an outlet for expressing ourselves exploring our interests and connecting with others it Fosters a sense of accomplishment and fulfillment that is different from yet just as important as the Fulfillment we derive from our work it's also essential for personal development and growth it allows us to explore new interests develop new skills and broaden our Horizons these activities can challenge Us in different ways than our work does helping us to grow and evolve as individuals they provide an opportunity for self-discovery and self-expression allowing us to explore aspects of our identity that might remain dormant in the hustle of daily life however embracing Leisure requires a shift in mindset it requires us to let go of the guilt often associated with not being productive and to recognize the value of rest and relaxation it requires us to prioritize our well-being and to recognize that taking time for leisure is not the luxury but the necessity it is a reminder that life is not just about doing but also about being not just about productivity but also about presence as we continue to explore the tenets of slow living let us embrace the value of this lesson with open arms let us remember remember that taking time to rest and engage in activities we enjoy is not a deviation from productivity but a path to a more balanced creative and fulfilling life lesson five embracing patience adopt the pace of nature her secret is patience Ralph Waldo Emerson in a world increasingly driven by the desire for instant results and immediate gratification the virtue of patience seems to be waning the rapid advancements in technology the pace of Modern Life and the cultural shifts in how we communicate and consume have collectively fostered an expectation of quick if not instantaneous responses to our needs and desires this Relentless Pursuit for the immediate can often leave us feeling rushed stressed and perpetually unsatisfied in contrast cultivating patience opens a pathway to a more thoughtful peaceful and fulfilling way life the cultural shift towards instant gratification is evident in various aspects of modern life from fast food to fast fashion from binge watching to instant messaging the emphasis is on speed and efficiency the ability to have our desires met almost as soon as they arise has created an underlying impatience in our approach to life this impatience is not just external it seeps into our internal landscape affecting how we perceive time how we manage our expectations and how we deal with the inevitable delays and obstacles that life presents the result is a collective restlessness a sense of dissatisfaction that lingers even when our immediate needs are met cultivating patience therefore becomes a crucial counterbalance to this trend it involves developing the ability to wait to endure delay or hardship without becoming annoyed or anxious patience is not a passive resignation to circumstances but an active engagement with the process of life it's about finding contentment and peace in the journey not just the destination it's about understanding that some things simply cannot be rushed and that the best experiences often come from a willingness to wait developing patience requires both awareness and practice it starts with recognizing the moments when impatience arises and understanding the triggers that set it off this awareness can come from mindfulness practices such as meditation which help us cultivate a sense of calm and presence in the moment mindfulness teaches us to observe our thoughts and feelings without judgment allowing us to see the impatience without getting caught up in it another effective technique for cultivating patience is to deliberately put ourselves in situations where we have to wait this could be a simple is standing in the longer line at the grocery store taking the slower route to work or refraining from using technology shortcuts these small acts of patience can strengthen our ability to handle bigger moments of delay and frustration they teach us to find comfort and peace in the waiting to use the time for reflection or simply to be present in moment practicing gratitude is another powerful tool in developing patients when we focus on the things we are grateful for we shift our perspective from what we lack to what we have this shift can alleviate the sense of urgency that often accompanies impatience gratitude helps us appreciate the present moment with all its imperfections and delays reminding us that there is value and Beauty to be found in the Here and Now additionally setting realistic expectations is key to cultivating patience often our impatient stems from expectations that are out of sync with reality by setting more realistic goals and timelines we can reduce the frustration and disappointment that come from unmet expectations this doesn't mean lowering our standards or giving up on our Ambitions it simply means acknowledging that some things take time and that's okay cultivating patience also involves a shift in how we View time itself in our fast-paced world time is often seen as a commodity something to be maximized and optimized patience invites us to see time differently not as something to be filled or managed but as something to be experienced and savored it teaches us to Value the quality of our time not just the quantity cultivating patience is about embracing a slower more deliberate approach to life it's about learning to wait with Grace and dignity to find joy and meaning in the process and to trust in the natural unfolding of Life as we continue our journey through the principles of slow living Let Us carry with us the wisdom of patience the understanding that good things often take time and that there is much to be learned and appreciated in the waiting patience after all is not just a virtue it's a pathway to a deeper more connected and more fulfilling life lesson six living in the present moment realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have make the now the primary focus of your life eart toi this lesson crucial in the philosophy of slow living invites us to explore the art of focusing on and truly enjoying now in our fast-paced forward-looking society where future plans and past memories often overshadow our current experiences learning to live in the present moment is both a challenge and a profound opportunity for enrichment and growth understanding the concept of living in the now is fundamental to embracing this art living in the present moment means fully engaging with our experiences as they unfold without the filters of bias judgment or preoccupation with past and future events it's about acknowledging and appreciating life as it happens recognizing that each moment no matter how mundane holds its own value and Beauty the present moment is where life occurs it's where we make decisions feel emotions and experience the world around us when we are fully present we are actively participating in our lives rather than just letting them pass Us by however staying present and mindful in our daily lives is often easier said than done our minds are naturally inclined to wander to ruminate on past events and to worry about future possib abilities to counteract this one practical tip is to engage in regular mindfulness or meditation practices these practices train the mind to focus on the present and help develop the ability to return to the now when we find ourselves getting lost in thoughts of the past or future techniques like focusing on the breath engaging in a body scan or simply observing our current thoughts and feelings without judgment can ground Us in the present moment another key strategy for living in the present is to cultivate an attitudes of gratitude by regularly acknowledging and appreciating what we have right here and now we can shift our Focus away from what we lack or what we desire in the future keeping a gratitude journal or simply taking a few moments each day to mentally list things we are thankful for can significantly enhance our awareness and appreciation of the present in addition reducing distractions is crucial in our attempt to live in the present in a world where our attention is constantly pulled in multiple directions by technology and the demands of daily life creating spaces free from distractions can help us engage more deeply with the present moment this might involve setting aside specific times during the day when we unplug from our devices or creating a quiet peaceful space in our homes where we can sit and be present without interruptions engaging fully in our current activities is another practical way to stay present often we find ourselves performing tasks while our minds are elsewhere by consciously focusing on the task at hand whether it's eating a meal having a conversation or going for a walk we can enhance our experience of present this means actively listening when someone is speaking savoring each bite of our food or noticing the sights and sounds around us as we walk furthermore practicing mindfulness in everyday activities can transform mundane tasks into opportunities for presence simple activities like washing dishes taking a shower or driving can become exercises in mindfulness if we focus on the sensations and experiences associated with these activities for instance feeling the warmth of the water the texture of the soap or the movement of our hands as we wash dishes can anchor Us in the present moment embracing the present moment also involves accepting our current emotions and experiences without judgment often we resist unpleasant feelings or situations which only serve to take us out of the present by acknowledging and accepting our emotions as they arise we allow ourselves to experience them fully and then let them go this acceptance doesn't mean resigning ourselves to negative situations but rather acknowledging them as part of our current reality living in the present moment is about embracing life as it unfolds with all its unpredictability and imperfection it's about letting go of the need to control or predict the future and releasing the hold that past experiences have on us it's a journey towards being more attentive more engaged and More Alive in every moment as we draw this exploration of the art of slow living to a close let us take a moment to reflect on the key lessons that have illuminated our journey weaving together a tapestry of wisdom that can guide us towards a more mindful fulfilled and balanced existence we began with the power of embracing daily rituals understanding how small intentional practices can ground Us in the present creating a rhythm and a sense of stability amidst the chaos of life these rituals whether as simple as a morning cup of tea or a nightly moment of gratitude serve as anchors reminding us of the joy found in the ordinary and the importance of carving out time for ourselves moving forward we delved into the beauty of Simplicity learning that the minimalist approach to life both in terms of possessions and mindset can lead to Greater clarity peace and satisfaction by stripping away the non-essential we make room for the truly important allowing ourselves to breathe reflect and engage more deeply with our surroundings and ourselves in discussing embracing and enjoying your faith we explore the concept of amorfati the love of one's fate we learned that accepting and even embracing everything life throws our way can Empower us not just to endure but to thrive this acceptance allows us to find beauty and growth in all experiences fostering resilience and a deep-seated contentment in the face of life's vicisitudes the value of leisure taught us that rest is not idleness but a vital component of a well-rounded creative and productive life leisure in its truest form is an act of self-care and Rejuvenation allowing us to return to our daily tasks with Renewed Energy and perspective and reminding us that there is more to life than just work and obligations in cultivating patience we learn the importance of developing the ability to endure delay or hardship without becoming annoyed or anxious in a world obsessed with speed and immediate gratification patience is a quiet yet powerful Act of rebellion a testament to our ability to embrace life's rhythms and find joy in the journey not just the destination finally living in the present moment brought us to the realization that the Here and Now is all we truly have by engaging fully with our current experiences we open ourselves to the richness and depth of Life finding Joy Beauty and wisdom in the fleeting ordinary moments that make up our days remember it's not about doing everything everything at a snail's pace it's about living intentionally mindfully and with a sense of purpose it's about choosing quality over quantity depth over breadth and living in a way that aligns with your values and brings you genuine happiness let this exploration be a starting point an invitation to slow down to savor and to reconnect with the essence of living as you step back into the rhythm of your your life carry with you the lessons of slow living let them guide your choices your actions and your mindset so go forth with the knowledge that in the Simplicity in the rituals in the leisure in the patience and in the present moment there lies a path to a richer more fulfilling life embrace it savor it and let it transform you the art of slow living is a gift one that is available to all who seek it may your journey be filled with Discovery joy and an abundance of moments that take your breath away

  Top Comments:
  1. @SUCCESSCHASERS [68 likes]: If you want to support the channel and get access to exclusive content, please visit our Patreon page:
https://www.patreon.com/SUCCESSCHASERS

Special thanks to our patreons for supporting the channel:
Edwin Mogere
Ashleigh Kendall
Dorothy Chambless
Lorenzo Salhi
Landyn Spivey
JustAViewer43
  2. @kiwikim5163 [1 likes]: It’s nice to hear a real person narrating this content.
  3. @SleepParadox [1 likes]: This kind of night content always inspires me to create more calm spaces too.
  4. @johnweimer3249 [1 likes]: well, at 32 minutes you really brought it home to me. I am Northeast New Jersey. Go go go never stop my entire life. I just lost my beautiful life to cancer a little more than a year ago. I have now found a beautiful Muslim woman from Indonesia, who lives an entirely different world of peace and letting things go and living in harmony. And now we are getting married and I have learned so much in how letting go and living slower and more peacefully is doing such incredible work for my soul and my body. And vice versa she likes the get up and go spirit. So together we are finding a harmony and a balance That is amazing. It’s a different way of living life and I am so grateful to have found it after such a loss.
  5. @rockstarM5542: 😊
  6. @PhilosopherNewport: For the most part, the only real reason you're seeking enlightenment or peak experiences is because you're trying to avoid committing suicide. The so-called spiritual trip or quest for enlightenment is a sort of delay tactic. 

You hate your temporary role/personality/self/ego/biography, and your life basically sucks shit for the amount of worry and disappointment and inexplicable thwartings you put up with on a daily basis. 

You don't like this world. You WANT to like it, but there's something very unnatural and foreign about it: As if you have a distant memory of a Home that sort of looks like this one but where nothing goes wrong or bad or sad or mad. 

This world/life seems to be an intentional inversion of our Home: We are used to clarity, but here we have confusion. We are used to being alive without something called DEATH hanging mysteriously over our heads. We are used to friendliness and joyfulness, but here we have social anxieties and insecurities and rapists and murderers. 

So, everything that strikes you as bad, mad, and sad about this "life" is not at Home. 


Happiness as a way of life was not meant to be had here. Everything you think is bad, mad and sad about your self, your life, other people, and the world around you, is par for course in an intentionally designed hell. And why did you design this prison sentence nightmare hell of a "life"? So when you wake up from this nightmare you will have a renewed appreciation for the perfect never-changing Reality of sanity & sobriety that we all get bored with eventually throughout the middle of forever (eternity). 

Nothing real is being threatened or harmed or improved or diminished by experiencing this nightmare. We aren't improving Reality, we're just becoming re-grateful for it...until next time we get bored and need to go to hell for awhile.
  7. @scottjackson163: Many ideas sound appealing in the abstract, but disintegrate in practice. Focussed, relentless action in one direction is what wins. Nobody even knows what “alignment” is or when it’s been achieved.
  8. @ktbuckner10: I’m not exactly sure what brought me to your page, but I honestly couldn’t be happier that YouTube suggested your content to me.  I literally feel like I can finish your sentences because it is almost always exactly how I feel.  I know this was posted a year ago, not sure what you are up to nowadays, but if you ever see this, I just wanted to say thank you!!
  9. @santogeorge2602: Thank you from Australia ❤❤❤
  10. @C4RTERART79: ❤Wu wei❤
  11. @dulceclassica7139: Thank you!
  12. @stevedenniscoach: This voice 😩
  13. @brabbit6262: Being clam aint gonna pay your bills.
  14. @Elohim7777: In Christianity it’s called Faith and Surrender..  and yes its an ancient eastern concept too.
  15. @okonkwokingsley3334: Thank for the message ❤🎉
  16. @DavidKleiven: Site my ÏÂM FACT'S
  17. @DavidKleiven: Not ÏÂM YAHWEH YAHHOVA ABBA AND father GOD
  18. @DavidKleiven: Wu wei
  19. @bradhunt9518: I only buy what I need. I keep my want small. I follow my flow.
  20. @SuccessMindset2180: The fastest way to achieve goals faster is slow living

- Effortlessness Is Earned (The Wu Wei Secret Most People Miss): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to this week's reflection. Today I'd like&nbsp; to explore one of the most misunderstood aspects&nbsp;&nbsp; of Wu Wei. Go with the flow. Let go. Stop forcing.&nbsp; These are often the suggestions people give when&nbsp;&nbsp; we are under pressure, when we are overwhelmed or&nbsp; when we are struggling with difficult situation.&nbsp;&nbsp; when Wu Wei will come in useful. And they are&nbsp; excellent suggestions, aren't they. And, in many ways, they&nbsp;&nbsp; are true. And yet very often they don't work. Have&nbsp; you ever noticed that the more you want yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; to let go, the harder it becomes? The more you try&nbsp; to relax, the more tense you feel. The more you&nbsp;&nbsp; try not to force things, the more frustrated&nbsp; you become. So if the advice is not wrong,&nbsp;&nbsp; why doesn't it work? I believe the answer lies&nbsp; in one of the most misunderstood aspects of&nbsp;&nbsp; Wu Wei, because before we can truly let go, there is&nbsp; often something that we must first learn. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; action becomes effortless, something must first be&nbsp; mastered. Wu Wei is often described as effortless.&nbsp;&nbsp; We move with ease. We remain calm under pressure.&nbsp; We don't seem to struggle as much as other people.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything appears natural. It's beautiful.&nbsp; Unfortunately, effortlessness is result.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you can't work on result to produce result.&nbsp; You don't become effortless simply by telling&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself to let go or to be effortless.&nbsp; In contrast to what many people think,&nbsp;&nbsp; effortlessness doesn't mean doing less. And by&nbsp; the same token, flow doesn't mean not working&nbsp;&nbsp; hard. And Wu Wei doesn't mean simply relaxing&nbsp; and waiting for life to take care of itself. At&nbsp;&nbsp; this point, you may be wondering, isn't that exactly&nbsp; what we have been told? After all, when people talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about Wu Wei, they often say, just let go, stop trying&nbsp; so hard, go with the flow. And while there is truth&nbsp;&nbsp; in these statements, there is also a danger. These&nbsp; descriptions focus on what Wu Wei looks like from&nbsp;&nbsp; the outside. They don't explain what makes&nbsp; it possible. So if you keep working on that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you would not be able to master Wu Wei. Now, it is&nbsp; a bit like watching a master pianist perform and&nbsp;&nbsp; saying look how relaxed he is. Can you become a&nbsp; good pianist as well by being relaxed? Or watching&nbsp;&nbsp; an Olympic swimmer and say look how effortless&nbsp; that looks? What we see is ease. What we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; see is the cultivation behind it. What we don't&nbsp; see are the years of practice, understanding,&nbsp;&nbsp; and refinement. The effortlessness is real, but&nbsp; it is not accidental. More often than not, it is&nbsp;&nbsp; earned. And that's what I'd like to dive in today&nbsp; together with you. This is one of the greatest&nbsp;&nbsp; paradoxes of life. The most effortless people are&nbsp; often the ones who have invested the most effort.&nbsp;&nbsp; In other words, effortlessness is not the absence&nbsp; of effort, and Wu Wei is not simply about letting&nbsp;&nbsp; go. Think about a master pianist again. When you&nbsp; watch them perform, everything appears natural.&nbsp;&nbsp; Their fingers moves effortlessly across the keys.&nbsp; There seems to be no struggle, no hesitation, no&nbsp;&nbsp; conscious calculation, just music throwing through&nbsp; their fingers. And yet we all know what lies&nbsp;&nbsp; beneath that performance. Thousands of hours of&nbsp; practice, years of refinement, countless mistakes,&nbsp;&nbsp; disciplined, repetition. What we see is the&nbsp; performance. What we don't see is the cultivation.&nbsp;&nbsp; The effort has disappeared from sight. But it&nbsp; did not disappear from the journey. And the&nbsp;&nbsp; same is true in almost every field of life.&nbsp; The master chef, the experienced negotiator,&nbsp;&nbsp; the skilled athlete, the wise leader,&nbsp; they all share something in common.&nbsp;&nbsp; What appears effortless on the outside is often&nbsp; supported by years of invisible cultivation&nbsp;&nbsp; on the inside. And yet somehow when people hear&nbsp; teachings about flow, they often imagine skipping&nbsp;&nbsp; this entire process. We want the ease without the&nbsp; preparation, the result without the cultivation,&nbsp;&nbsp; the harvest without planting the seed, the flow&nbsp; without first learning the water. And this reminds&nbsp;&nbsp; me of a beautiful story from the Chinese classics.&nbsp; A disciple of Confucious once met a boatman whose&nbsp;&nbsp; skill was extraordinary. He moved through the&nbsp; water with complete ease. There was no sign of&nbsp;&nbsp; tension, no sign of fear, no sign of struggle.&nbsp; Everything appeared effortless. Naturally, the&nbsp;&nbsp; disciple was curious. He asked the boatman for his&nbsp; secret. The boatman replied, "There's no secret."&nbsp;&nbsp; And then he said, "If you want to row a boat as&nbsp; skillfully as I do, first learn to swim." Rowing,&nbsp;&nbsp; swimming, how are they related? At first glance,&nbsp; that seems like a strange answer. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; swimming and rowing are not the same thing. But&nbsp; the boatman was pointing to something much deeper.&nbsp;&nbsp; He explained, "When a person knows how to swim, he&nbsp; rows a boat as though he were walking on dry land.&nbsp;&nbsp; What an extraordinary statement. Think about it&nbsp; for a moment. He wasn't talking about technique.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was talking about relationship. The boatman&nbsp; had become completely at home in the environment&nbsp;&nbsp; in which he operated. He understood the water.&nbsp; He trusted the water. He no longer feared the&nbsp;&nbsp; water. And because the fear disappeared, the&nbsp; unnecessary effort also disappeared. This, I&nbsp;&nbsp; believe, is the real lesson. The boatman did not&nbsp; become effortless by trying to be effortless. He&nbsp;&nbsp; became effortless because he understood the water.&nbsp; He had learned how it moved, how it behaved, how&nbsp;&nbsp; to work with it rather than against it. And when&nbsp; understanding became deep enough, effort gradually&nbsp;&nbsp; give way to ease. I think this raises an important&nbsp; question. If effortless comes from understanding,&nbsp;&nbsp; what exactly are we trying to understand? And&nbsp; how do we become more effortless in the things&nbsp;&nbsp; we do with the understanding? The simple answer is&nbsp; this. Put in the required effort, but eliminate the&nbsp;&nbsp; effort that is not necessary. In other words, cut&nbsp; down on wasted effort. Notice what I didn't say.&nbsp;&nbsp; I did not say put in less effort. Effortlessness&nbsp; is not about putting in less effort. It is about&nbsp;&nbsp; reducing wasted effort. And to do that, we must&nbsp; first understand where wasted effort comes from.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, what do you think? What is the wasted effort&nbsp; in the things you do? This is something that I've&nbsp;&nbsp; observed repeatedly in life. A large portion of&nbsp; what we call effort is actually friction. And&nbsp;&nbsp; friction can take many forms. resistance, fear,&nbsp; uncertainty, tension. Just imagine driving through&nbsp;&nbsp; an unfamiliar city. You're constantly alert,&nbsp; watching signs, checking direction, worrying&nbsp;&nbsp; about taking a wrong turn. Now, imagine driving&nbsp; through your own neighborhood. The distance may&nbsp;&nbsp; be exactly the same. The car is the same. The&nbsp; road is still there. Yet the experience feels&nbsp;&nbsp; completely different. Why? Because you know the&nbsp; terrain. When you know the terrain, there is less&nbsp;&nbsp; friction along the journey. Less uncertainty,&nbsp; less hesitation, less tension. The road did&nbsp;&nbsp; not change. You change. Your understanding&nbsp; changed. And understanding reduces friction. That's exactly what happened to the boatman.&nbsp; The water was the same, the river was the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; but his relationship with the water was different.&nbsp; He understood it, he trusted it, he knew how it&nbsp;&nbsp; behaved. And because he understood the water,&nbsp; much of the friction disappeared. What remained&nbsp;&nbsp; was natural action. What remained was flow. And&nbsp; this idea of friction extends far beyond driving&nbsp;&nbsp; a car or rowing a boat. In fact, I believe it&nbsp; explains something that many people struggle with&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout their lives. Why do good people suffer?&nbsp; Many people suffer not because reality is painful,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because they want reality to be different.&nbsp; Life says one thing, the mind says another. And&nbsp;&nbsp; suffering emerges from the conflict. The tragedy&nbsp; is that this is an argument that we can never win.&nbsp;&nbsp; Reality always get the final say. Yet many people&nbsp; continue fighting it. They become frustrated. They&nbsp;&nbsp; become disappointed and they suffer. If you look&nbsp; closely, this is simply another form of friction.&nbsp;&nbsp; A tremendous amount of energy is spent resisting&nbsp; what already is. And that energy produces very&nbsp;&nbsp; little value. It is wasted effort. This does&nbsp; not mean that we should become passive. It&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't mean that we should stop improving our&nbsp; circumstances. But before we can change reality,&nbsp;&nbsp; we must first see reality clearly. We must first&nbsp; work with what is. The boatman understand this.&nbsp;&nbsp; He did not argue with the water. He learned how&nbsp; water behaves. He learned how to work with it&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than against it. And when he stopped&nbsp; fighting the nature of the water, much of&nbsp;&nbsp; the friction disappeared. The same principle&nbsp; applies to us. The less we argue with reality,&nbsp;&nbsp; the less friction we create. And the less friction&nbsp; we create, the more effortless our actions become.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now let's come back to the question, how can&nbsp; we be effortless in the things we do? We have&nbsp;&nbsp; learned that the first step is acceptance. Don't&nbsp; ever argue with reality. You will never win. But&nbsp;&nbsp; this is only the first steps. Even then, when we&nbsp; accept what is, you are already taking a huge step&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead. When we stop arguing with reality, when&nbsp; we stop wishing that things were different, when&nbsp;&nbsp; we stop wasting energy fighting what has already&nbsp; happened, we have already removed a great deal of&nbsp;&nbsp; friction. In a way, acceptance brings us back into&nbsp; contact with reality. So that was the first step.&nbsp;&nbsp; What is second? Having accepted reality, we must&nbsp; also learn how reality works. The boatman did not&nbsp;&nbsp; become skillful merely by accepting the existence&nbsp; of water. He studied it. He experienced it. He&nbsp;&nbsp; worked with it. He learned its nature. Only then&nbsp; could he move effortlessly within it. And this is&nbsp;&nbsp; where many people stop too soon. They accept&nbsp; reality but they never take the next step of&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding it. Acceptance removes friction.&nbsp; Understanding creates capability. Acceptance&nbsp;&nbsp; allows us to see clearly. Understanding allows us&nbsp; to act effectively. Both are necessary. Without&nbsp;&nbsp; acceptance, we waste energy fighting reality.&nbsp; Without understanding we lack the ability to work&nbsp;&nbsp; with reality. The boatman had both he accepted&nbsp; the water and he understood the water. That is why&nbsp;&nbsp; rowing eventually become effortless. Of course&nbsp; this principle doesn't apply only to rivers and&nbsp;&nbsp; boats. We see it everywhere. Let me use leadership&nbsp; as an example. Many leaders become frustrated&nbsp;&nbsp; because people don't behave the way they expect.&nbsp; They want everyone to think like them, work like&nbsp;&nbsp; them, communicate like them, respond like them.&nbsp; But reality refuses to cooperate. People are&nbsp;&nbsp; different. Personalities are different. Motivations&nbsp; are different. Experiences are different.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, imagine a leader who constantly fights this&nbsp; reality. Before long, he will be exhausted. As&nbsp;&nbsp; a leader, the first step is acceptance. You must&nbsp; accept that people are different. This is reality.&nbsp;&nbsp; But acceptance is only the beginning. The next&nbsp; step is understanding. You need to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; how different people think, what motivates&nbsp; them, what concerns them, how they communicate,&nbsp;&nbsp; how they respond under pressure. An effective&nbsp; leader does not necessarily work harder. He simply&nbsp;&nbsp; understands the human terrain better. And because&nbsp; he understands the terrain, he wastes less effort.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is very similar to what Sun Tzu teaches. A&nbsp; skilled strategist studies the battlefield. He&nbsp;&nbsp; studies conditions. He studies timing. He studies&nbsp; people. Only then can action become efficient.&nbsp;&nbsp; Without understanding, effort increases. With&nbsp; understanding, effort decreases. The battlefield&nbsp;&nbsp; does not become easier. The strategies simply&nbsp; learn how to move through it more effectively.&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe this is one of the most misunderstood&nbsp; aspect of Wu Wei. Wu Wei doesn't mean doing nothing, nor&nbsp;&nbsp; does it mean avoiding discipline, nor does it&nbsp; mean waiting passively for life to solve our&nbsp;&nbsp; problems. Wu Wei is what emerges when unnecessary action&nbsp; disappears. And when unnecessary effort disappears,&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding deepens. The boatman still rows.&nbsp; The pianist still plays. The leader still leads.&nbsp;&nbsp; The entrepreneur still works. Action remains.&nbsp; But struggle gradually falls away. This is why&nbsp;&nbsp; true effortlessness often appears only after&nbsp; long periods of cultivation. The beginner sees&nbsp;&nbsp; the ease. The master remembers the journey. So&nbsp; this is what I would like you to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; for this week. Perhaps there is an area of your&nbsp; life where things currently feel difficult. A&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship, a business challenge, a leadership&nbsp; responsibility, a health issue. Ask yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; am I lacking effort or am I lacking understanding?&nbsp; Because sometimes the answer is not to push&nbsp;&nbsp; harder. Sometimes the answer is to understand more&nbsp; deeply. To study the water before rowing the boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn the terrain before fighting the battle,&nbsp; to understand reality before trying to change it.&nbsp;&nbsp; The goal is not to avoid effort. The goal is&nbsp; to stop wasting effort. And when understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; deepens, effort begins to transform into something&nbsp; else. Something quieter, something more natural,&nbsp;&nbsp; something we often call flow. Thank you for&nbsp; spending the time with me. Until next week,&nbsp;&nbsp; may you cultivate understanding, waste&nbsp; less effort, and discover more flow in your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Annelastar [2 likes]: Your voice is so soft 🙏 thank you for this video ⚡️
  2. @Sarphati-s1t [1 likes]: Some time ago I started sensing that every thought I produced meant that I was contracting my muscles. I figured that the only way to deal with this, was to relax my body whenever I noticed that I was in thought. Looking back, all of the thinking that I was doing meant that I was trying way too hard. Now, after months of trying to practice relaxation for most of the day, every day, I still feel exhausted. So much grief has come up, decades of buried pain. Sorry for sharing!
  3. @WiseandVegan [1 likes]: Humanity became a technology worshipping cult and sees life as resources to technological civilization. The Connections (2021) [short documentary] ♥️ 


Dominion (2018) ♥️
  4. @piehound [1 likes]: Absolutely. High levels of skill don't just materialize because of some woo - woo belief or magic formulas. Long term effort is required. Any other way is delusional.
  5. @rebecca-lillyscott8335: The eloquence in his voice and delivery is beautiful 😊
  6. @SusanHopkinson: This was such a beautiful teaching. Thank you 🙏
  7. @losangulos: Sounds good where do they sell the patience to do all this?
  8. @tejbhanu3550: Excellent!
  9. @LenAmati-i2u: I rather think the learn to swim advice was given as a hint that you will spend much time in the water learning to control a boat.
  10. @bageeru927: For the boatman’s answer “first learn to swim” is it possible it could be taken as a joke meaning “to get good at boating, first you are going to have to fall off of your boat into the water and swim many times” lol. Thank you for your videos
  11. @kilaloya: Amazing vid
  12. @Shplump52: Mastery of an art or skill or practice is the way to flow. Your mind is unified, and it is easy to relax and let go and trust your intuition to guide you because it is trained!
  13. @jayceeinvincible: Thank you for this lesson 🙏🏿 ✨️
  14. @Coral-h4c1: I don't see contradiction

If someone is trying to let go they are actually forcing, so they in that instance need to stop forcing. I assume the whole thing is about trying to control things and failing and letting go of the assumption of control
  15. @IAMYOURFATHERANDYOURMOTHER: "Immortality is one of the qualities we ascribe to people without having a sufficient understanding of their meaning," said G. "Other qualities of this kind are 'individuality,' in the sense of an inner unity, a 'permanent and unchangeable I,' 'consciousness,' and 'will.' All these qualities can belong to man" (he emphasized the word "can"), "but this certainly does not mean that they do belong to him or belong to each and every one.

"In order to understand what man is at the present time, that is, at the present level of development, it is necessary to imagine to a certain extent what he can be, that is, what he can attain. Only by understanding the correct sequence of development possible will people cease to ascribe to themselves what, at present, they do not possess, and what, perhaps, they can only acquire after great effort and great labor."

- G. G.
  16. @goodmorningmrwest: I like videos like this and not the copy and paste bs other youtubers make
  17. @LetsTalkLavender: This was a truly beautiful episode, and I thank you so much for sharing with us.  I am very grateful for the insights.
  18. @hkharris92: This is where I have found the east meets the west.

The effort one places is in the moment (the east) when God calls upon us to change through walking the story of Christ (the west).

The belief in the ressurection of such a story, where we become new and christlike (the west), we find ourselves to walk with the Father effortlessly in presence of the Holy Spirit. The motion of which I have found to be synonomous with what Daoists describe with walking with satori (the east).

I find the complementing nature of both philosophies to be beautiful. Where two worldviews, starting from perhaps as far as they could, arrive at a walk within life that is one in the same.

With love 💙
  19. @lorimillim9131: Took me so much pain severe to receive the grace that I walk in this life with that I see others wish they had because I perceived people stop and stare and sometimes. But they have not the slightest idea of what my reality looks like.
  20. @RocketRacoon717: Wow this is something I think a lot of the world needed. Never before has there been much guidance on goals for life, the trap of comparison, and the trap of effortlessness is ever so present when we can see someone’s life just a few seconds, their accomplishments, their manifestations. So much internet spirituality tells us to “let go”, so easy it is to confuse this for passiveness especially in this day and age with technology so this has been a topic that had caused me a great deal of frustration and confusion, I am incredibly grateful for this explanation

- It’s Magical When You Don’t Force Things In Life | Wu Wei: The Art Of Not Forcing: Kind: captions Language: en you put in a lot of effort and are tenacious in your pursuit of achievement yet you frequently find yourself locked in a loop of forcing yourself to work harder and force results you have been socialized to think that your value is determined by your accomplishments and that you must continually struggle against life's currents in order to carve out your own path you lose sight of the inherent magic in letting the universes flow though in your constant battle the idea of Wu way or acting without forcing originated in ancient Chinese philosophy and states that the greatest power is often found in the gentlest touch the effortless flow and the Art of not forcing one should operate in line with the Tau or the inherent order of the cosmos according to the tautiching the main text of taoism this means that instead of trying to force things to happen or control outcomes you should allow things to unfold naturally and follow the path of least resistance of course this doesn't have a set interpretation some translate woo way as non-action or doing nothing While others translate it as actionless action While others translate it as effortless action nevertheless woo way is a way of life that involves flowing with the flow and not pushing yourself allowed to asserts that everything will get done even if we cease attempting to manage it according to Lao Tzu using Force inevitably results in unforeseen problems in fact when Lao Tzu speaks of force he mostly alludes to the act of imposing your will and interfering with how things naturally progress rather than the literal application of physical Force the Cornerstone of our human existence is nature which runs its own course and operates continuously in the background it is a force that continuously generates and recreates encompassing all facets of life however despite this insight there remains a predominance of emphasis on conscious human effort laotzu emphasizes the significance of aligning ourselves with this natural flow rather than seeking to violently dominate or influence it Above All We frequently applaud effort regardless of how effective it is we find ourselves moving Pebbles uphill just for the sake of pushing keeping active for the sake of being occupied while making an effort is important it is equally important to make informed attempts while there are many situations where hard work and action are not necessary they depend on the flow of the situation we frequently think we can control everything if we work hard and are determined enough but in reality there are many things that are Beyond of our control we cannot control the weather the stock market or the choices and actions of others as well as the fundamental unpredictability of life when you insist on forcing results you typically go through an endless cycle of tension tiredness and dissatisfaction wu-way is about understanding the natural rhythms of life and knowing when to take action and when to let go rather than being idle or inactive when we push things we squander our valuable time and energy over analyzing feeling sorry for ourselves or blaming others but when we go with the flow of life we may achieve our goals with Grace and ease rowing is a fairly careless manner of pushing a boat over the water as opposed to going against nature according to Alan watt you must be able to move through nature with ease when sailing think of a river flowing down a mountain it doesn't push through rocks and boulders instead it chooses the route that presents the least amount of resistance and flows around them this results in a stunning and harmonious landscape and the river teaches us a lot about the path of least resistance you may have observed in your own life that forcing things often results in turmoil and tension but that when you let go and allow things to develop naturally you can accomplish your goals with Grace and ease this implies taking action when the timing is appropriate and letting go when necessary not being passive or waiting for things to happen it's crucial to realize that in Judo the use of muscle is tactical and precise rather than using force haphazardly or unnecessarily you wait for the ideal moment when your opponent is unbalanced and exposed at that time you add a little muscle to your Technique enabling you to complete a successful throw and out muscle your foe the secret is to only use Force when it is necessary and never when it is inappropriate this strategy guarantees efficacy and maximizes your movements use the least amount of effort and time necessary to achieve your objectives when acting in Judo this is known as the principle of least action it's about being successful and efficient by using your resources properly and minimizing waste not about being slack or half-hearted you can lessen unneeded tension while boosting your chances of success take a step back and apply the Huawei principles to the scenario where you have an important interview due tomorrow take a minute to unwind and let go of the strain remembering that you have no control over the questions that will be asked or the result rather than trying to force yourself to perform exceptionally remind yourself of your qualifications skills and experiences have confidence in your skills and be prepared for the interview instead of trying to forcefully impress the interviewer as you enter let yourself to flow with the process emphasis on being genuine and present pay close attention to their inquiries and then clearly and confidently answer them allow your responses to flow freely as you rely on your knowledge and experience the interview might be thoughtful Innovative and interesting if something doesn't go as planned and you feel like you failed keep in mind that letting go and flowing can frequently result in even greater outcomes you may feel secure and proud of your work and know that you tried your best it's crucial to have faith in the process by remaining calm and allowing things to unfold naturally you may do the activity without feeling worried or overwhelmed while still making progress without feeling like you're pushing too hard additionally it encourages a happier Outlook which increases productivity and efficiency so my friend in the practice of not forcing we find comfort in surrender we learn to let go of our attachment to certain results in favor of concentrating on the Here and Now on the process we only grasp that our wants are merely the Soul's nudges pointing Us in the direction of our ultimate potential when we fully surrender if you're still here I would be incredibly grateful if you could support me by sharing and commenting your support would mean so much to me thank you for your time and I sincerely hope you have a truly wonderful day when we let go of the need to control every aspect of Our Lives we open ourselves to infinite possibilities and allow the universe to work its magic thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @christianhaywood8473 [3 likes]: The path of least resistance
  2. @PhoenixEnterprises555 [3 likes]: Thank you for your wisdom! I needed to hear this today ❤ Bless u!
  3. @dorothykitzinger3925 [3 likes]: U are rite about it all. ❤
  4. @edlorens [3 likes]: I would like to learn more about...principle of not forcing, also known as Wu Wei. Lao Tzu, the author of the Tao Te Ching... Let it go is not easy, specially by the westerner believing that action, doing something, handling, managing is essential to bring desired change. Thank you.
  5. @WhichWayOut [2 likes]: Makes perfect sense, thanks for sharing brother, very helpful.
  6. @Laila.808 [2 likes]: Thank You ❤
  7. @kursk124 [2 likes]: DIVINE GRATITUDE
  8. @Chris-vc1dh: how to apply wu wei in decision making, should I go or should I stay...?

- Wu Wei: The Secret to Effortless Living in Buddhism: Kind: captions Language: en The gentle flow of life. A story of wooi. Have you ever felt like the harder you try, the more life pushes back? Like no matter how much effort you put into something, your job, your relationships, your plans, it never quite turns out the way you want. You push, you struggle, you fight, and yet happiness seems just out of reach. John Matthews knew that feeling all too well. For most of his life, he believed that control was the key to success. As a businessman, he meticulously planned every step, managed every detail, and never left anything to chance. It worked, at least for a while. He built a career, raised a family, and retired comfortably. But as the years passed, Jon realized that despite all his efforts, something was missing. Even in retirement, he couldn't stop trying to control things. He planned out his days to the minute, gave unsolicited advice to his grown children, and stressed over things he couldn't change. When his son made a major life decision, one Jon didn't agree with, he tried to intervene, convinced he knew best. But instead of bringing them closer, his efforts only created distance point one evening. Frustrated and exhausted, Jon took a walk through the park. He found himself near a quiet pond, watching the way the water gently rippled with the wind. He noticed something odd. No matter how much the wind changed, the water never resisted. It simply moved with it, effortlessly adjusting to each shift that a voice behind him broke the silence. It's peaceful, isn't it? Jon turned to see an old man sitting on a bench, watching the same water. There was something calm about him, something effortless. They began to talk and as their conversation deepened, the man introduced Jon to an ancient concept. Wooi, the art of effortless action. Wooi, he explained, isn't about doing nothing. It's about knowing when to act and when to let go. It's about flowing with life instead of fighting against it. Like the water, the man said with a smile, it doesn't force its way through obstacles. It simply finds the easiest path forward. John was skeptical. He had spent his whole life believing that success required force, control, and effort. Could it really be possible that the opposite was true? What he didn't realize was that this simple idea would change everything that as John embarked on his journey to understand Wooi. He would learn lessons that reshaped not just how he saw the world, but how he lived within it. And perhaps, just like Jon, you're searching for a new way to approach life. away with less struggle, less resistance, and more ease. Stay with us as we explore how Wooi can transform not just J's life, but yours as well. That if this story resonates with you, consider subscribing. Together, we can learn to move through life with greater peace, wisdom, and flow. A life of control. Introducing John Matthews. John Matthews had always believed in one thing, control. From the time he was a young man, he had worked tirelessly to shape his life the way he wanted. He built a successful career in business, priding himself on being the kind of man who always had a plan. While others trusted luck or fate, Jon trusted numbers, strategy, and discipline. If something needed to be done, he took charge. If a problem arose, he solved it quickly and efficiently. It wasn't just in business. Jon approached his personal life the same way. He expected things to be done a certain way from how his children behaved to how his wife managed their home. He was the kind of person who believed that if you didn't take control, life would control you. And for a long time, that philosophy worked until it didn't. After decades of hard work, John retired at 67. But instead of feeling a sense of freedom, he felt lost. He had spent so many years being busy managing, fixing, planning, that when the structure of his job disappeared, he wasn't sure what to do with himself. His days, once packed with meetings and decisions, now stretched out endlessly before him. He tried to fill the void by micromanaging everything around him. He criticized the way his wife arranged the kitchen, offered constant advice to his grown children, and even found himself correcting the way the neighbor trimmed his hedges. At first, he told himself he was just trying to help, but deep down, he knew the truth. He was afraid of losing control. Then came the moment that changed everything. Point. One evening, his son Daniel came to visit with some big news. He had been offered a new job, a great opportunity, but it required moving across the country. Jon's reaction was immediate. This is a mistake. He shouldn't go. He needs to think this through. Without hesitation, he launched into all the reasons why this wasn't a good idea. What about the stability? What about the kids? What if things didn't work out? Daniel listened patiently, but finally said, "Dad, I know you mean well, but you can't control everything. Sometimes you have to let things happen. The word stung. Jon had spent his whole life believing that control meant security. But now, for the first time, he wondered, was it possible that his need for control was pushing people away. That night, unable to sleep, he took a walk to clear his mind. He ended up at the small park near his house, where a quiet pond reflected the soft glow of street lights. as he watched the water ripple with the breeze. He had no idea that he was about to encounter a lesson that would change everything. Lesson from the river flowing instead of forcing, Jon stood by the pond, staring at the water as it gently rippled under the night sky. It moved effortlessly, adjusting to the slightest breeze, yet never losing its course. It didn't resist. It didn't try to force its way through obstacles. It simply flowed. Beautiful, isn't it? Jon turned to see an older man sitting on a nearby bench. The man's presence was calm, almost as if he belonged to the stillness of the night. Jon nodded, and the man gestured for him to sit for a while. They both watched the water in silence. Then the man spoke. You know, water has a lesson for all of us, he said. It never forces, never struggles, yet it shapes mountains and carves through stone. John glanced at him, curious, but skeptical. What do you mean? The man smiled. Most people spend their lives trying to control everything, forcing things to go their way, resisting what they cannot change. But water teaches us something different. It moves with nature, not against it. It finds the easiest path forward, yet it is unstoppable. Jon sat quietly, absorbing the words. He had spent his whole life pushing, planning, controlling. But had it really brought him peace? His son's words echoed in his mind. You can't control everything. The man continued, "There's a principle in Eastern philosophy called woe. It means effortless action, not doing nothing but acting in harmony with life instead of forcing it. Like this water flowing naturally instead of struggling." Jon let the idea sink in. He had always believed that effort and control were the keys to success. But now, as he watched the water, he wondered, had he been fighting life instead of moving with it? The old man stood up, ready to leave. "Think about it," he said with a kind smile. "Sometimes letting go is the most powerful thing you can do." As Jon sat alone, watching the gentle flow of the water, he felt something shift inside him. For the first time in a long while, he considered the possibility that maybe, just maybe, there was another way to live. A test of letting go, learning to release control. The next morning, Jon couldn't shake the old man's words. Like water, effortless action, flowing instead of forcing. It all sounded peaceful in theory. But how could he apply it to his own life? He had spent decades believing that control meant security, that planning meant success. Could he really just let go? He didn't have to wait long for a test. That afternoon, his son Daniel called. Dad, I know you weren't thrilled about our decision, but we're moving in a few weeks. We'd love for you to be happy for us. John felt the familiar urge to push back. He wanted to list all the reasons why moving was a mistake. He wanted to tell Daniel to think harder, to reconsider, but then his eyes drifted to the small fountain in his backyard. The way the water cascaded effortlessly over the rocks. Move with life, not against it, he exhaled, gripping the phone. I just don't want to lose you, he admitted. Daniel's voice softened. Dad, you're not losing me, but I need to follow my own path. Jon closed his eyes. He could fight this or he could trust. He could force or he could flow. For the first time, he chose to let go. "Okay," he said. "I trust you." Silence. Then Daniel laughed in surprise. "Really?" Jon smiled. "Really?" That night, he felt lighter than he had in years. He had expected loss, but instead he found something unexpected. Peace. Maybe the old man was right. Maybe there was real power in letting things happen. Wooi in the little things, small changes, big peace that I in the days that followed. Jon found himself reflecting on that simple moment with Daniel. Letting go hadn't been easy, but it had felt right. For the first time in a long while, he didn't feel like he was fighting against life. He wondered if Wui could help with something as big as his relationship with his son. Could it work in smaller ways too? He decided to experiment that at breakfast. Instead of rushing to organize his day like he always did, he simply sat with his coffee watching the steam rise. He noticed the way the morning light filtered through the window, the rhythmic sound of birds outside. He wasn't planning, fixing, controlling, just being. And it felt surprisingly good. Later, while walking through the neighborhood, he saw a young couple arguing. He felt the old impulse to step in, to give advice, to fix it. But he stopped himself. "Not everything needs my interference," he reminded himself. And so he walked on, letting the moment be what it was. Even in conversation, he made a change. His wife, Linda, often told long stories about small events, things he used to dismiss as unimportant. But now, instead of impatiently waiting for his turn to speak, he simply listened without judgment. Without needing to control the conversation, and something strange happened, he actually enjoyed it. Day by day, moment by moment, he started to feel a quiet ease settle over him. He wasn't forcing outcomes. He wasn't gripping life too tightly. And yet, things still got done. The world didn't fall apart without his constant control. In fact, it seemed to move more smoothly than before. Maybe he realized Wooi wasn't just about the big moments. Maybe it was about the little ones, the quiet everyday choices to let go, to trust, to move with life instead of against it. And in those moments, for the first time in a long time, Jon felt truly alive. The turning point, a true understanding of Wooi. The evening air was crisp as Jon strolled through the park, his footsteps slow and deliberate. The world around him had settled into a quiet hum, leaves rustling, water gently lapping against the shore of the pond, the distant laughter of children playing. He had walked this path many times before. But tonight, something felt different. For weeks, he had been experimenting with letting go. He had softened his grip on life, stopped trying to control every detail. And yet, he still felt something lingering, a deeprooted instinct whispering that maybe he should still be steering things. Was he truly living by Wooi? Or was he simply pretending to let go while secretly hoping everything would still work out in his favor? He paused by the water, watching as the last golden rays of sunlight painted the surface in shimmering hues of orange and gold. The reflection of the trees rippled gently, shifting with the breeze. Then his attention was drawn to a group of children playing nearby. They were tossing small leaves into the pond, cheering as they watched them drift effortlessly across the water. One little boy, eager for his leaf to move faster, started splashing aggressively, pushing at the water with both hands. But instead of helping, his efforts only created chaotic ripples, trapping the leaf in a whirlpool of his own making. The more he pushed, the more the leaf spun aimlessly, refusing to move forward. Jon smiled to himself. Funny, he thought, "How often we do the same thing in life, pushing, forcing, believing that if we just try harder, things will go our way." Just then, a familiar voice spoke beside him. Still learning from the water. I see. Jon turned and saw the old man from before sitting once again on the weathered wooden bench. Jon chuckled, shaking his head. Seems like I still have a lot to learn. The old man nodded toward the boy who had finally grown frustrated and stopped splashing. Within seconds, the water settled and the leaf gently continued its journey across the pond. "See," the man said. The moment he stopped forcing, things began to flow again. Jon exhaled, feeling something inside him shift. I think I've spent my whole life splashing the water. The old man folded his hands in his lap. Most people do. They sat in silence for a while, watching as the daylight faded into soft twilight. Jon felt the coolness of the evening settle into his skin, but inside something was warming. Finally, he spoke again, his voice quieter this time. You know, I used to believe that if I didn't control everything, my life would fall apart. That if I just let things happen, I'd lose the people I love or fail or be left behind. He shook his head, almost laughing at himself. But now I see that the more I tried to hold on, the more I push things away. My son, my peace of mind, even happiness itself. The old man smiled. And now Jon took a deep breath, letting the cool air fill his lungs before slowly releasing it. He looked back at the pond, at the way the water simply moved, not by force, not by control, but by the natural flow of life itself. I think. He hesitated, then nodded to himself. I think I'm finally beginning to understand. The old man's eyes twinkled. That is wooi. Jon let the words settle in his heart. It wasn't about giving up. It wasn't about doing nothing. It was about trusting. Trusting that life, like water, knows where it's going. That sometimes the best thing we can do is step back, let go, and allow ourselves to be carried forward. For the first time in his life, John truly understood. And for the first time in his life, he felt free. The final lesson, finding peace and letting go. The days that followed were different. Not in the way the world moved, but in the way Jon moved through it that he woke up without the usual tightness in his chest, the everpresent need to organize, control, and direct. Instead, he let the day unfold as it would. He still made plans, but he held them loosely. He still gave advice, but only when asked. And most importantly, he stopped resisting the natural flow of life. Point one morning, as he sipped his coffee on the back porch, Linda joined him. She sat beside him in silence, watching the breeze ripple through the trees. Normally, Jon would have felt the need to fill the silence, to talk about the things that needed to be done, to ask what the plans for the day were. But today, he simply sat with her, feeling the warmth of the sun, listening to the rustling of the leaves, appreciating the quiet connection between them. Finally, Linda broke the silence. You seem different lately. Jon glanced at her and smiled. Different how? She studied him for a moment. Lighter, she said. Like you're not carrying the whole world on your shoulders anymore. Jon thought about that. Maybe for the first time in his life, he wasn't. That afternoon, Daniel called. Jon answered, his heart no longer filled with the anxiety of trying to convince his son to stay. "We're almost all packed up," Daniel said. "It's really happening." Jon took a deep breath. This was it. The moment he had feared, the moment he had tried to prevent. And yet, now that it was here, he felt no panic, no resistance. I know, he said calmly. And I'm happy for you, son. Daniel hesitated, clearly surprised. You are, John smiled. I am. There was a pause on the other end. Then Daniel chuckled. I have to admit, Dad. I thought you'd fight me on this until the day we left. Jon laughed. So did I. Daniel's voice softened. Thanks, Dad. That really means a lot. As John hung up the phone, he felt something remarkable. Not loss, but love. Not sadness, but peace. He had let go. And yet, he had gained something far more valuable. A deeper connection with his son. That evening, as the sun dipped below the horizon, Jon returned to the park. He sat on the same bench by the pond, watching as the water moved effortlessly, reflecting the soft hues of twilight. The old man was nowhere to be seen. But Jon didn't need him to be. He understood now that Wouei wasn't just a philosophy. It was a way of being. It wasn't about abandoning responsibility or avoiding action. It was about acting with wisdom, knowing when to move forward, and when to step back, when to hold on, and when to let go. It was about trusting that life, like water, had its own natural flow. And when you stopped fighting it, when you finally let yourself be carried by the current, everything became easier. For the first time in his life, John wasn't trying to control happiness. He was simply allowing himself to feel it, and that was enough. Maybe, like John, you've spent your life pushing, planning, and trying to make things happen exactly as you want them to. Maybe you've believed that control is the only way to find security. But what if peace isn't found in the struggle? What if it's found in the letting go? Wooi isn't about doing nothing. It's about learning to trust, to act with wisdom rather than force, to Ask yourself, where in your life are you holding on too tightly? What would happen if you simply let go? If this story resonated with you, take a deep breath, release the tension you've been carrying, and know that life has always been moving forward. You just have to trust the flow that if you found value in this lesson, consider subscribing. Together, we can explore the art of living with more ease, more peace, and more wisdom. And if you've ever had a moment where letting go changed everything for you, share your story in the comments. Your experience might inspire someone else to trust the flow of life,

  Top Comments:
  1. @LamboinaRambo: every act is a spiritual act. no such thing as coincidence :). if ur reading this i love you
  2. @LamboinaRambo: i live on Maui, hi. were blessed to be alive. i see the dead, they walk among us. death is a rebirth. no need foe worry. were forever ok. Jesus is real, they tell me every day. god will show you the way, its up to you to get there.

- Taoism (Daoism) Explained by Taoist Master: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Daoism is an ancient Chinese philosophy and religion dating back 2,500 years with the writing of the Tao Te Ching by Lao Tze. You can think about the Tao Te ching as the bible for Daoism. Dao literally means the path or way Welcome to the Wudang Mountains, the sacred land of Taoism. If you observe the Chinese counter Dao. The first of three strokes that's yin and the yang yin that represents your balance then foo which means oneself, that means Tao is not far from you, Tao is within you. The last part means to go to move to act. The heart of Daoism is about following the dao, or the way. Finding that internal balance, means living in accordance with the laws of nature, it means not forcing things, it means giving up the ego. Daoism is a practical philosophy that can help you live a contented life. Before we start our exploration I would like to share with you a story. A story that illustrates the true nature of what it means to be a Daoist. Three men are crowded around a great pot of vinegar. These are no ordinary men, in fact they are the three great asian spiritual leaders (Lao Tzu, Confucius, and Buddha). Nor was this any ordinary vinegar, for the vinegar represents the true essence of life. Each took a taste. Confucius had a sour look on his face. For the world was sour, full of corruption and politics that dishonoured the ancestors. Budda had a bitter expression. For life was bitter, the desires and wants of man led to mass suffering. Happiness came only in leaving this world and entering nirvana. For Lao Tz, however, he had a smile on his face. Why? that vinegar must have been unpleasant? Because a life in tune with nature and working in harmony with it’s circumstances, is a sweet one. Bitterness and sourness comes from the interfering and unappreciative mind. That is the essence of Daoism. Living in a harmonious way is as sweet as bird song. Human being come from nature we must follow the nature's path. nature itself there's nothing about a sour or bitter. In nature the cosmos has its own natural rhythm, never to be too fast not too slow. We human being must find this rhythm, recognize it and a follow this heavenly way. It depends on your own attitude to life, as a saying goes if you frown, life is like a mirror you frown, the mirror frowns at you. if you smile the mirror smiles at you. A Typical taoist believes they are very rich, in their sense, because they are mixed with the whole universe, the whole universe is boundless so that's why they are very contended about life and wear a smile. Wouldn’t that be awesome, to be able to keep a smile on our faces in the times when life turns sour. That is what Taoist philosophy offers us, a set of guidelines for living a contented life. Chuang-tse worded it this way: A well-frog cannot imagine the ocean, nor can a summer insect conceive of ice. How then can a scholar understand the Tao? He is restricted by his own learning. As you know, I found my time after finishing university difficult, my mood was low. If you’re like me and have a brain that is a little too active or if you have depression, anxiety, if you simply would like peace in your brain then my role in these videos is to explore Taoism with you, to bring an eastern philosophy to the west. to explore how it could be applied to our own lives, how it could help calm our minds and help bring us peace. Master Gu embodies following the Dao, he’s a joyous man and in his late 50s still has a hop, skip and a jump in his step. I very much look forward to sharing with you the ancient philosophy that is in part responsible for these wonderful qualities.

  Top Comments:
  1. @George-Thompson [150 likes]: What was your biggest insight from Master Gu's explanation of Taoism?

If you'd like to explore Taoist wisdom, Tai Chi, and meditation with us, we've created a free course for you:
🌿 https://FindBalance.Now

I'd love to hear what resonated most 🙏
-
Hey thanks for opening up this comment!

I’d like to tell you more about the story of the Taoist Wellness Online, Master Gu’s Online Academy. How the Academy started is quite a funny story 🙈.

We could never have imagined that today we are now the biggest Tai Chi school IN THE WORLD!

It all began when I was 3 years into my journey living with Master Gu in his mountainous Tai Chi School.

Master Gu is fluent in English and has always seen it as his life mission to share the healing Taoist arts of Tai Chi, Qi Gong and Meditation with the world. He shared with me his vision to create not only online courses, but an online Academy.

I was excited by this vision and shared how I could use my filmmaking and inter-web skillz to make it happen.

We then had a cup of tea and Master Gu sang Chinese opera while playing the guitar… 🤠☯

We are really proud of what we have built. We now are a 16-person team from 7 countries and we are on a mission to create films, communities and transformative education to help people and planet live in balance.

The Online Academy is one of the best ways you can help us on our mission and you get so much learning!

If you become a student of the online Academy, you get:

- Access to 100+ hours of teaching with Master Gu, recorded with love from the heart of China.
- Learn with him in forests, caves and temples — all from the comfort of your own home.
- An awesome student community! With regular online meet-ups.
- Monthly livestreams with George and Master Gu
- A (new) Taoist Wellness App so you can learn easily on the go.

Best of all you can start for free with Master Gu’s free wellness wisdom course. 70,000 people have completed it so far. 

Click the link below to start learning for free, and see for yourself why so many people are getting excited! 💪

👉👉 https://FindBalance.Now

Happy learning!

With love,

George 🌎🫶☯
  2. @ericlanebarnes [1 likes]: The encapsulation of Buddhism is not very accurate. Buddhism is not about pain and suffering and leaving this life. It is about recognizing the pain and accepting our responsibility to overcome it. It is about finding joy and peace, not suffering.
  3. @roscoeshreder875: Quite a simplification of God in the beginning. Kingdom is within!
  4. @nolarocks: People overcomplicate it. Including all of this jibber jabber.
  5. @sunzede: Thank you for this video!🏞✨️🤙
Here's a simple "life equation" that might be helpful!
It works every time. Already used, approved, and certified!❤️😃💫🌺

Good Life Progression (Soul, Nature, Knowledge) = (Theory + Practice) x (Balanced Actions + Truth + Love)
  6. @fullyscaach100: I am from Jamaica and I started adapting to the yin and yang when i became awaken my perception is that nature is the source of life but even nature itself is imperfect. The lion eat the antelope but the antelope eats grass.. there is good and bad in everything, with that said i know that the universe/ nature itself is GOD.. it doesn’t matter how divine someone is even divine individuals aren’t perfect and still has bad ways or habits or behavior they have little to no control over and bad is bad even if regarded inconsequential and even evil people has good ways too so i work with energy and balance..actions create reactions.. and for every choice there is a consequence or reward ☯️🌍🫡
  7. @TheAbundantMonk: There's a difference between understanding Taoism intellectually and having it actually change how you move. This is one of the rare explanations that bridges that gap — the emphasis on lived practice over doctrine is exactly right. Most Western introductions completely miss that.
  8. @ConradIsterling: As a meditator of over 1500 hours it is all about thinking about your thoughts and controlling them. Takes practise.
  9. @vincenocito1675: Daoism is also a great influence on Ch'an, also known as "Zen" which combines many Daoist concepts with Buddhism
  10. @ThePillLeadingStrong: For in regards to any God, I find that I exist, so your God saw fit that I am here, now as I am writing this. A piece of me will forever exist here, so long as here exists. This is both Good and Bad. I have bound myself here. 

Greetings and finest Blessings.
  11. @SimonGeraghty-h9b: Thank you for facilitating growth! 
Do you know the book "The Tao of Leadership" by John Heider?
Changed my life. You would love it, I reckon.
Love from Germany
  12. @rainbowfox1934: I have been an active student of Taoism for 30 years.  Constantly, I try to find what is actually natural for myself and others.  There is a joy in cooperation.  I move to places where the nature of my pets can be fulfilled.  My cat is an indoor/outdoor creature who stays close to our house and climbs the trees in my yard. My dog's curiosity is sometimes hilarious. I seek the way and sometimes it escapes me.  When I find it, I smile.
  13. @reorseX: what a complete waste of time this video was
  14. @peterdolving7129: The Taoist path is most beneficial. I was fortunate to find the Tao Te Ching in my grandfathers library when I was nine years old - and I found it most inspiring and still do. If one learns to learn one has much learn. A true privilege.
  15. @Dartenonnys: I don’t love how 3 dudes just decide that degenerates were dancing women  but love the practice I guess
  16. @ferny1984c: Gnostic it’s like drinking coffee, same similarity of story with a higher energy. Zen in Taoism is like drinking tea just calmer, easy flow. But they all speak the truth about the inside work.
  17. @ilyazakharkin: Was expecting the video to be fully about the master, but turned out that the author is present more time than the master himself. 

I am not saying it is bad, just the name of the video turned out to be somewhat misleading. But generally, great content.

Thank you for the video! 🙏☯️
  18. @usarmyveteran177: The Tao flows both to the left and to the right. It loves and nourishes all things, but does not lord it over them. When merits are accomplished, it lays no claim to them.
  19. @PeteSakao: I studied the Daodejing in university, using a number of competing translations. Even with those I found the cosmology of 阴 and 阳 and the concept of 无为 highly inspiring and do so until today. I never learned classical Chinese, but at least I learned contemporary Putonghua. Even on that basis, I have severe doubts as to the correctness of those many, sometimes wildly differing translations of the Daodejing.
In any case, kudos to you, for falling neither to the woo-woo that Western societies tend to love when it comes to East Asian philosophy nor to the financial wealth obsession to which Daoism often is connected in China. And for living in the Wudang mountains, which I assume is equally fulfilling and challenging.
  20. @djsideeffects: Taoism is keeping up with the rhythm of the seasons of life

- What is Daoism?: Kind: captions Language: en sponsored by wandrium taoism is a philosophical and religious tradition indigenous to China but it does not easily map onto Western understandings of either philosophy or religion and although that little suffix ism and the word taoism implies a relatively unified and well-integrated system taoism is anything but that taoism cannot be reduced to a few essential texts Concepts or practices in fact it's been compared to a Vine taoism is always changing and growing and branching off of itself also like a Vine it's entangled in other aspects of Chinese culture Confucianism Buddhism Chinese folk religion and more taoism has incorporated ancestor veneration Chinese Shamanism divination breath meditation Chinese traditional medicine and Alchemy so the question what is Taoism is not easy to answer but in this video we'll try to untangle all of these complexities going through a general overview of taoism its two foundational texts and a few of its religious lineages beliefs and practices considering the name taoism it makes sense to start with the concept the Dao this comes from the Chinese word which is most often translated as the way but it can also mean path method style or technique you might have seen it spelled with a t instead of a d this spelling uses a system for rendering Chinese words in English called The Wade Gile system it's the same reason why you might sometimes see p King instead of Beijing the latter of which uses the so-called pinion system academics generally use the pinion system these days and this is the system I'll be using in this video in all future videos on taoism so what is the Dao well it's almost impossible to Define and ironically the opening line of the central Taoist text the Dao de Jing says the Dao that can be spoken is not the Eternal Dao but we're gonna try to speak of it anyway a few ways Scholars Define the Dao is Ultimate Reality and its manifestations in everyday life the underlying cosmic power which creates the universe and the energizing process through which everything in the cosmos unfolds and is transformed it's not accurate to think of the Dao like a god it's not an active personal entity but rather it's an organic order an organic process that just moves along naturally and spontaneously taoist's thought and practice aims to find the best way to live in the world by aligning with this organic Cosmic flow of the Dao transforming our thoughts and actions to be in harmony with its natural order now this might sound very abstract but as we'll see throughout this video aligning yourself with the Dao is meant to be a very concrete and pragmatic way of living over the past 2500 years taoists have provided all manner of ritualized practices that can help to align yourself with the Dao that involve medicine Alchemy divination venerating the gods as well as bodily and mental techniques so where did this all start while taoism does not have a single founder or birthplace there are two foundational texts where we can start the daughter Jing and the John sir the former is attributed to Lao Tzu and is sometimes called the lautzer what the latter is attributed to the philosopher juansu also known as Juan Jill there's evidence that juansu was a historical figure well laozer which means old Master may or may not have existed some Scholars think he may be a stand-in character or a personification of ancient wisdom or tradition let's start with laozu although most Scholars view him as legendary ancient Chinese histories say he lived during the 6th Century BCE but accounts of his life are full of inconsistencies and legends the grand historian of the Han Dynasty tells a story of Confucius Consulting Lao Tzu for advice on the meaning of Lee or propriety a very important Concept in Confucianism laotzer approaches him for being self-righteous and Confucius leaves profoundly impressed which is a common theme in these Legends Lao Tzu is frequently depicted correct and Confucius and Confucius is depicted as deferential to the Old Masters Authority since the Han Dynasty Lao TSU became venerated as a deity and seen as a personification nation of the Dao and high Lord Lao is still worshiped widely today although the DOTA Jing is traditionally attributed to lautsu most Scholars now believe that it was composed by multiple authors during the Warring States period an era of warfare and Military consolidation from 475 to 221 BCE shorter earlier versions of the text must have been circulating in the late 4th Century while the text as we have it today was not compiled until around the 3rd Century the daudaging is a collection of short sayings it consists of 81 verses and around 5000 words however although it's a relatively short text it's a famously difficult text to understand and covers a huge range of topics as the scholar of taoism Livia Cohn says you can read the text as a religious political military or naturalistic Treatise dealing with psychology the natural world or society and it often juxtaposes ideas in contradictory ways this is Illustrated in one of the most famous lines of Chinese philosophy which comes from the first line that we referenced before 4 the doubt that can be spoken is not the Eternal Dao the name that can be named is not the Eternal name most Scholars interpret this line as expressing skepticism toward our ability to convey the meaning of Dao with human language the Dao Jing is the first text that articulated a Taoist vision of the Tao as an absolute principle or source of existence one of the main themes is that the Dao is a Wellspring of creative power for a universe that is constantly experiencing transformation this process of ceaseless transformation is represented in the famous yin and yang symbol yin and yang originally referred to the Shady and sunny sides of a hill throughout the day one side is bathed in sun and the other in Shadow one side is not necessarily superior to the other but rather they exist together in harmony in order to live in harmony with the Tao humans must Embrace this constant transformation of the universe and realize that opposites in the world are complementary the dataging explains how to achieve this harmony with another important concept called UWE which is often anglicized as Wu way and is translated as non-action or effortless action this means refraining from action when it would interfere with the natural expression of different things and their potential outcomes in accordance with the Dao actions should be natural spontaneous and free of ingrained habits the data Jing says act but as Wu way be active but don't let your conduct be intentional and deliberative in other words wu-way promotes an attitude of Stillness and non-intervention but it does not advocate for being completely passive rather it's a spontaneous way of acting that lets go of your own self-interested concerns and guards against behavior that is too assertive that could lead to bad outcomes like hatred greed violence or aggression water is a common metaphor for the Dao and the dowdy Jing highlights it in chapter 8 as the highest good the greatest good is like water it benefits all life without being noticed it flows even to the lowliest places where no one chooses to be and so it is very close to the Tao it adapts to all Necessities it moves at the right moment it never flaunts its goodness and so it never attracts any blame this leads us to the other major theme in the doubted Jing the sage through non-action and aligning with the Dao someone can become a fully realized person attaining the perfect way of being in the world and this is not an ideal just for individuals but an ideal for all of society a ruler who's a sage can help a community align with the Dao and thus Harmony and Order can arise in an entire Society the second foundational Taoist philosopher is dranza he lived during the Warring States period and is said to have abandoned a career as a minor government official and instead lived a life as an impoverished Hermit the juansu is a collection of colorful stories and often very funny anecdotes that Embrace a bunch of different voices including those of animals trees and thieves he didn't write the entire book though and is credited with only seven of its 33 chapters the remaining chapters come from different groups of authors that may represent different schools of thought partially because it's a composite text to the junction does not put forward a single Dao that everyone must follow but it does focus on several major themes one theme is inner freedom in the midst of ordinary life and a return to a life of Simplicity this is demonstrated in the story free and easy wandering which is also one of the main Inspirations for the Chinese animated Epic film big fish and begonia this anecdote tells the story of a fish who transforms into a mythical bird who then tries to migrate far away to the South but the other animals mock the bird for embarking on a seemingly impossible Journey yet the story describes the naysayers as small and short-lived praising the migratory bird for being able to feel at home within an expansive realm and for setting its sights on an incredibly far off destination this story illustrates the importance of traveling Beyond convention it involves outward movement Beyond familiar spaces and transforming one's Focus to be more aligned with the cosmos another major theme in the drong TSU is the Taoist principle the equality of things a sense of equilibrium and willingness to let go of attachments to Temporary states of being the most famous story illustrating this is drunks's butterfly dream a story about the radical instability of our supposedly unique identities and perspectives as The Story Goes juanjo dreamed you as a butterfly fluttering around happy with himself and doing as he pleased but suddenly he woke up and he didn't know if he was a human who had dreamed he was a butterfly or a butterfly dreaming he was a human this story teaches us to reject absolutes and consider all things as relative to one another dreaming and waking life and death these are merely Transformations from one state to another one is not necessarily more real or more significant than the other and so one should not be so attached to life or bothered by death and strive to embrace Transformations as they occur which leads us to another major theme in the juansu the Gen Ren which we can translate as the perfected person or the realized person a person who is aligned with the Tao and who lives spontaneously Embraces transformation and is at peace with the world when you hear the perfected person you might think of wise philosophers or maybe even superheroes and the Johnson later Taoist literature in general elevates certain people as Immortals or transcendents people who have achieved a state that transcends Earthly existence and its limitations the juanso says that such people are Godlike though Great Rivers freeze they cannot chill him though Swift lightning splits the hills and Howling Gales shake the sea they cannot frighten him a man like this rides the clouds and Mist straddles the Sun and Moon even life and death have no effect on him later taoists speak of Immortals being able to fly shapeshift control the weather and of course live forever but the juanso frequently holds up Ordinary People as ideal examples of the perfected person there's a butcher whose knife never goes dull because he cuts meat in accordance with the Dao following the natural lines of the animal and practicing his art ignoring his senses and following his Spirit there's a swimmer who does not get tired in the water because as he says I started with what I knew matured my innate nature and allowed Destiny to do the rest I go in with the currents and come out with the flow just going with the Dow of the water and never being concerned and there's a woodworker who becomes so calm and empty while working he says I am so still I forget I have four Limbs and a form and body my skill is concentrated and all outside distractions Fade Away each one of these Ordinary People exemplifies the perfected person people who have aligned themselves with the Dao and have achieved the ideal way to exist in this world so that's a brief overview of the philosophical underpinnings of taoism but what about the aspects that might be more stereotypically classified as religious temples Gods rituals and so on Western Scholars used to categorize taoism into two modes philosophical and religious taoism and equated these two categories with two Chinese terms found in Taoist texts Dao Jia for Taoist philosophy and Dao Jiao for Taoist religion but this distinction is increasingly viewed as inaccurate part of the reason is because Taoist texts themselves make no such distinction Dao Zhao directly translates to Taoist teachings rather than Taoist religion while Dao jiada Taoist family or lineage rather than Taoist philosophy Taoist used both terms interchangeably to refer to the same thing and the separation between the two is only useful in so far as it translates the Taoist tradition into a more familiar Western framework of religion to account for a more nuanced understanding of taoism some Scholars propose alternative models such as mystical versus liturgical taoism others avoid the distinction entirely by throwing in a sneaky hyphen and calling it a philosophic spiritual tradition The Scholar gilroz summarizes it well when he says taoism is not a clearly definable religion we should consider the Taoist religion not as a unitary phenomenon but as an assemblage of intersecting textual and ritual lineages centered on Core Concepts like the Dao rather than drawing a sharp line between philosophical and religious taoism we can more accurately identify specific Taoist movements as organized taoisms Taoist movements or communities with a more systematized set of beliefs practices and shared identities while there are many we can cover we'll focus on the two main organized Taoist movements today Tian shudao and chenjin Dao let's start with the former Tian chudao or the way of the celestial Masters also called Orthodox Unity taoism this tradition began in 142 BCE when a Healer and religious leader named Zhang Dao Ling while living in isolation on Crane call Mountain had a vision of Lord Lao the deified Lao Tzu Lord Lao gave to him the Tao of Orthodox unity and appointed him the first Celestial Master Zhang Dao Ling went on to found the way of the celestial Masters Gathering tens of thousands of people into the first communal Taoist organization that started to look more like the Western understanding of an organized religion the movement had specific Gods Tech officials and ethics all founded upon the teachings of the Dao the Dao de Jing functioned like a holy book and was recited for devotional and magical purposes they worshiped Gods like Lord Lao as manifestations of the Tao and they eventually instituted leadership ranks and organized into 24 administrative regions in China kind of like parishes and Catholicism many scholars even say it functioned like a Taoist theocracy a democracy if you will a semi-independent state with a form of Taxation a ritual calendar and a moral code for all members to follow Orthodox Unity taoism is still around today as a community-based priesthood Taoist priests ordained in this tradition traced their lineage back to Zhang darling as the first Celestial master and they conduct a variety of communal rituals for their communities at local temples there are plenty of other examples of organized taoisms that I could mention but we'll briefly cover the other main branch of taoism today which we can translate as complete reality or complete Perfection taoism this is the major monastic form of taoism today and was founded in the 12th entry CE by the philosopher and teacher Wang Zhu chuenjen Daoism originated as an austere aesthetic movement huangju taught his disciples to abstain from the so-called four hindrances alcohol sex wealth and anger at first it was a movement of hermit monks living in near isolation but by the year 1300 it evolved into a communal monastic movement with thousands of monasteries around China and tens of thousands of monastics both monks and nuns it was also a mystical tradition as twin Jin monks and nuns developed complicated meditative and alchemical practices that we'll explore in the next section today the White Cloud Monastery or bayun Guan located in Beijing is the headquarters for a branch of chuenjendaoism called Dragon Gate Taoism the White Cloud Monastery is also the headquarters of the China Taoist Association the Chinese government's official supervisory body for Taoism along with the rise of these more organized systematized taoisms we also see an effort to delineate an official Taoist Canon of texts which took shape in 1445 under the Ming Dynasty the Taoist Canon is huge way bigger than the Bible or the Quran it consists of around 1500 different texts and fills 36 volumes the genres in it range from hegeographies and liturgies to pharmacological and alchemical texts about making drugs and elixirs only a tiny fraction has been translated into English and in fact according to the scholar James Miller there are probably many more texts we don't even know about because they were passed down over the centuries in secret turning now to the pantheon of Taoist Gods now it'd be difficult to list all of the Gods in the Taoist tradition in one video because many are shared with folk religion and they differ according to time and location but the most important gods in the Taos Pantheon are the three pure ones also known as the three clarities or sanching which some Scholars call the Taoist Trinity first there is Lord of primordial beginning also called Jade Purity who is considered the creator of Heaven and Earth and the personification of the Dao then there is Lord of the numinous treasure the deity responsible for spreading the knowledge of the Dao marking the passage of time and sacred books then there's lord of the way and its virtue the deified Lao Tzu and the mythological teacher of the Tao who had existed even before the universe came into being he occupies the lowest position of the San Ching Trinity these three gods have been worshiped together since the 9th century CE and are typically depicted as old men other important deities include Yu Huang the Jade Emperor who occupies the highest position in popular religion and was incorporated into the Taoist Pantheon during the Song Dynasty also there's XI Wang mu or Queen Mother of the West the ancient mother of Immortals and sometimes considered the mother of the Jade Emperor then there's Matsu a goddess popular in coastal regions who protect Sailors and fishermen she is the deification of a woman named Lin Mo who is said to have been born during the Song Dynasty in the 10th century and who is said to have saved her brother and father during a typhoon with her spiritual Powers now there are many more gods that we could mention but it's important to emphasize that many of these gods are not necessarily Taoist gods in any exclusive sense one of taoism's defining characteristics is its adaptability and relatively non-exclusive attitude toward other spiritual Traditions as the scholar James Miller says all religions in China have traditionally functioned in relation to a common substrate of popular religion this includes the Chinese calendar traditional Chinese festivals and ancestor veneration at the same time however taoists have historically held contradictory attitudes toward Chinese folk religion sometimes incorporating certain practices and gods into its Pantheon while other times prohibiting Cults to minor deities and attempting to educate the masses into venerating gods that personify the Dao so sometimes the relationship between taoism and Chinese folk religion was antagonistic and sometimes symbiotic much of taoism is not so systematized as the two main branches today though throughout history people have engaged in Moore's individualized practices that we can call Taoist self-cultivation techniques these are practices that are thought to align oneself more in harmony with the Dao balance internal energies promote health and even help to attain longer life or immortality as with the Dallas Pantheon self-cultivation techniques are not necessarily exclusive to taoism for example many of these techniques draw from the vast and complex world of Chinese folk medicine but we can categorize Taoist self-cultivation into three types meditation Alchemy and practices called yongshin translated as nourishing life nourishing life encompasses a bunch of different practices that aim to benefit the body this includes chi gong which is a set of physical practices involving slow flowing bodily movements rhythmic breathing and a meditative State of Mind this physical practice is thought to cultivate and rebalance the vital force in the body called chi chi gong is closely related to Tai Chi a Chinese martial art that encourages the chi to circulate freely through the body according to Taoist thought she must flow unobstructed and remain in balance for people to reach an optimal state of health and well-being Taoist temples today will even sponsor Qigong during which participants can practice the techniques together nourishing life also encompasses different breathing and healing techniques dietary guidance as well as sexual practices generally aimed at healing the body extending your life or promoting overall well-being Taoist meditation is an equally vast body of traditions that we can only Briefly summarize here but all forms of meditation generally are viewed as methods for balancing energies in the body and aligning oneself to the Dao on one level Taoist meditation can simply involve concentration focusing your attention on a single object sound entity or your breath but there are more complicated forms of Taoist meditation that can involve inner Journeys where you visualize gods or energies inside your body or external Journeys what we can call ecstatic excursions or shamanic Soul travel this involves the meditator traveling to the cosmos visiting constellations like the Big Dipper or the Sun and Moon the last form of Taoist self-cultivation that we'll explore here is alchemy which encompasses a range of different physical meditative ritual and ecstatic practice is for achieving immortality and Union with the Dao we can divide Taoist Alchemy into two forms external and internal Alchemy external Alchemy or why done involves the manipulation of natural substances such as creating ingesting or carrying elixirs that confer Transcendence and immortality as well as protection from evil spirits and the ability to summon benevolent Gods internal Alchemy or nadan involves meditative techniques that aim to refine the body's energies and transform your inner self it's called a form of alchemy because it's believed that through these practices you can actually change your form and substance transforming yourself into a Transcendent or Immortal being let's turn now to the modern situation of taoism here in the 21st century you might be wondering how many taoists are there today well this is kind of the wrong question to ask when it comes to sociologists trying to measure religious affiliation things get very complicated very quickly with Chinese religion as one study says in China folk religion and institutional religions are not just greed but overlap and interweave with each other and although the Chinese government recognizes taoism as one of the official religions in the country asking a question like what is your religion on a survey will not get you an accurate snapshot of Taoist practitioners especially because many Chinese people would interpret that question as asking if you yourself are a Taoist priest or monastic but sociologists have tried anyway in 2020 the world religion database estimated that there were almost 6 million taoists in mainland China and 3 million in Taiwan but these are people officially affiliated with Taoist organizations Taoist practice is diffused throughout Chinese culture when you expand that search to people who practice Taoist inspired rituals or hold to beliefs inspired by taoism without actually identifying as a Taoist themselves that number explodes to 439 million people in mainland China and 10 million in Taiwan Scholars call these people wider taoists or even use more clunky terms like Believers of diffuse taoism as for Taoist priests and monks we don't know how many there are are and the sources I read for this video offered very different figures low estimates say they're around 25 000 Taoist monks and priests in China alone High estimates say it's around 48 000 but no one knows for sure taoism has gone Global as well especially via immigrants from Taiwan Hong Kong and Mainland China teaching Taoist inspired body cultivation techniques to foreign audiences the Chinese Taos martial artist dalyu became a minor celebrity in the 1960s teaching tai chi in New York City in the 1970s the Taoist monk moylene Shin moved to Toronto and founded the Taoist Tai Chi society which still operates today and Taoist thought made its way into a bunch of different pop philosophy books in the later 20th century which has led to all sorts of debates in the academy about whether or not we can call any of this authentic taoism some Scholars even differentiate between self-described Taoist adherents and so-called Taoist sympathizers people who don't affiliate don't call themselves Taoist but who might practice Taoist inspired meditation or something like Tai Chi The Scholar Elijah Siegler even defined American taoism as a new religious movement that emerged in the 70s and 80s which continues taoism's long tradition of defying easy definition a tradition marked more by constant transformation than rigid categorization as it twists turns and branches off in countless different directions over its 2500 year long history thanks to wandrium for sponsoring this video wonderingum is an online learning platform with a ton of educational video content this includes documentaries do-it-yourself tutorials and lecture series that are basically as long as a university course wandrium's library is constantly evolving too as they're always adding new content for example they just published an awesome new series called traveling the Roman Empire it's hosted by my friend and colleague the archaeologist Dr Darius Arya you might remember that Darius even made a cameo on my channel a few years ago so it's really exciting to see his new partnership with wondriam each episode of the series explores a different province of the Roman Empire Spain Morocco Croatia Jordan and more not only will you get expert teaching from an actual archaeologist but you also get to see a ton of beautiful drone photography of major Roman sites I highly recommend the series it's truly excellent if you'd like to sign up one dream is offering a free trial to the religion for breakfast audience head on over to onedrium.com religion for breakfast or click the link in the comments below to get started thanks everyone

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReligionForBreakfast [110 likes]: Thank you to Wondrium for sponsoring today's video! Signup for your FREE trial to Wondrium here: http://ow.ly/pNJv50KwXxF
  2. @traianiliescu366: I found this channel today and already binge watching! Love the content and the research behind it
  3. @thenuttednutter2669: 24:00 sounds like me except with Buddhism. I don’t Identify with any specific system, but a massive amount of how I live my life is directly influenced by Buddhist and somewhat Hindu thought.
  4. @lorenz3909: Am I the only one who thought of Nietzsche's ubermensch in the perfected person section?
  5. @Ruiyun708: Complete nonsense about Dao!
  6. @amarinegripond1915: Isn't an "organised religion" ... a bit inappropriate for the Dao ?
  7. @hugomiranda5424: Christ is the eternal Dao
  8. @PRISCILAHWANJIRU-l8x: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  9. @Val.Kyrie.: I also have the book “Christ the Eternal Dao” - we say Christ is the word, and the way; the dao. 

If you can define Dao, then it’s not Dao 😂
  10. @thelionofnorth1053: it was really cool well done
  11. @Callme89.8: You want to know daoism watch regenerate immortal😂
  12. @maelteotl: It defies classification because WEIRD societies look at it backwards.

Dao is not religion or philosophy, yet also is

Any given religion is a dao, any given philosophy is a dao

As for what 𝘛𝘩𝘦 Dao is, I couldn't say
  13. @Ravenwind555: What would you advise if one wishes to study and practices traditional esoteric-religious form of Taoism, in the sense of the hierarchy, with immortalization and internal alchemy aspects; not New Age or Secularized forms? Where to start, who to study?
  14. @CountryRapInContext: 0:19 Ummmm, so whenever you actually did into religions and mythologies, it's just most of the rest, there's tons of sects and beliefs.
  15. @ZaraAxelrod: The Dao is Entropy
  16. @ZaraAxelrod: I follow The Dow Cha-Ching
  17. @guilhermeraposo6080: Let go of your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty, and become wind. -
guru Laghima
  18. @fragridore: I didn't realise it when I was little (only took recently for me to realise, actually lol), I have received The Dao
  19. @ScienzzAndMathzz-bf9pr: Nah I will be the first human cultivator to have a dao heart 😂 

Nice info btw love to hear more
  20. @magpiecity: Is Winnie the Pooh a diffused Daoist?

- Taoism - The Most Misunderstood Philosophy in the West - Hundred Schools of Thought: Kind: captions Language: en Taoism is a philosophical school of thought that came from China it emphasizes on living in accordance with a towel or perhaps it is more accurate to say flow along with the Tao the law of the universe one of the most important principles of Taoism is the principle of way or action through inaction because sometimes things will work out better with less intervention and bureaucracy in the West Pao ism has got quite a following from the literary gentry high-profile writers such as Alan Watts Ursula Le Guin Oscar Wilde and even the rap legend Reza has shown appreciation for this gentle anarchist philosophy it is perceived as the thinking persons philosophy meanwhile back in Asia Taoism is experienced as a bundle of ballbusting superstition magical thinking and religious woowoo so what is Taoism really about them well the answer is kind of complicated so stick with me because I'm going to talk about the real Taoism that's not taught in your textbook now the Jing is the most important book in Taoism it is traditionally believed to be written by Lords he may have left somewhere in between 6th or 4th century before Common Era but most scholars believe that he was a legendary figure even though he was credited for the writing of the most important book in Taoism he was not the creator of the school of thought called bao ism during the e spring and autumn and warring states era between 6 to 3rd century BCE china had a flourishing free marketplace of ideas countless philosophers invaded each other and they constantly refined their own ideas they were collectively called the hundred schools of thought but this grouping and classification of schools of thought only came a few hundred years after when historians in the handiness the catalog the different intellectual strains of thoughts into their respective schools Confucianism and mohism had their own organization so their schools of thought could be easily identified but the others like legalism yin yang and Taoism were grouped together by the historians who think that the texts covered similar topics even by the time of the earliest categorical grouping of Taoism Taoism was seen in the context of the political religious practices of the Wong law Taoism 1-lakh Taoism is the combination of the veneration of the Yellow Emperor Huangdi and Lao tzus powders in the Yellow Emperor was a legendary figure from the antiquity who was credited as the originator of Chinese culture and traditional Chinese medicine but the earliest evidence of his worship only dates as far back as the warring States and somewhere along the way he became the paragon of the powers ruler who had perfectly applied the principles of Tao Te Ching into his room some modern writers like to make the distinction between philosophical Taoism and religious Taoism but this division is mostly a modern phenomenon done by those who perhaps want to gentrify tourism to the modern Western tastes but the fact is the religious and political aspects of Taoism had never been conceived to be separate even all the way back to the beginning eventually Taoism absorbed more metaphysical concepts such as yin yang and the five elements from the school of yin yang even though the concept of yin yang is so inextricably linked to Taoism now if you read the Tao Te Ching you would know that yin yang was only mentioned in there once it only appeared more often in Johnson a Taoists Canon written later exorcism alchemy chicken and other magical practices were also associated with now ism one of the biggest problem with Taoism is the lack of Orthodoxy almost anything can be absorbed into Taoism and thus anything can also be claimed as foul ism that is why there were so many Taoists cults appearing near the end of the Han Dynasty and since the Empire had turned corrupt and was crumbling apart some of the tower sex became rebels and started bloody uprisings some of them even established their own theocracy one of the most famous sex was the way of the great peace which launches the Yellow Turban rebellion that hastened as the demise of the Han Dynasty fun fact the Yellow Turban was also featured as the antagonist group in the romance of the three kingdoms historical novel another Tao is said that rose at the time was the way of the celestial master they established a theocracy in han seong until it surrender through Tata prior to the Three Kingdoms period the latter survived up to this day but it is just one among the many tower sects out there Taoism only gained some form of consistency during the Tang Dynasty because it was supported by the Emperor who thought that he was a descendant of Lao Tzu because both of them share the same surname li but still they fail to establish a Taoists orthodoxy in fact they did the opposite because they blurred the practices of Confucianism Buddhism and Taoism into a politically convenient slurry as the Ming Dynasty government tried to codify Taoism again but it did not succeed either as time goes on more and more power sects appeared bringing with them their own sets of practices and belief systems but there has never been any form of Taoism in the history of China that's the void of any religious component in fact purely philosophical Taoism was non-existent ironically philosophical Taoism was more often discussed in the context of other schools of thoughts and religion such as legalism and Buddhism Han Fei the borrowed the concept of way from the application of his legalized philosophy and Buddhism in China poor old cows philosophical ideas to develop into the Han school of Buddhism which is also known as Zen Buddhism in Japan so the secular Taoism you see in the West is really just an operation in the long line of powers tradition but then again when compared to all the different and unusual towers sex out there do you think that secular Western Taoism is any more unusual to the rest of them in my opinion they are not really that different to the new cults and sects that pop up throughout history it is just a new style of Taoism that is adapted to a different lifestyle besides isn't Taoism all about flowing with the current well anyway that's just my opinion but what do you think do you think that Western Taoism should be considered Taoism or do you think that it is just a product of New Age spirituality comment below as always give the videos a thumbs up if you liked it and if you like history from Asia and other parts of the world then you should subscribe because we release a video at least once a week until next time stay cool my bros

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nicolino-x5p [2 likes]: "Disease and death are caused by imbalance in polarity. If poles are in balance, human being can be IMMORTAL Ancients were immortal "  (H. Trismegistus - Emerald Tablet)
  2. @Slartibartfast2 [2 likes]: Taoism doesn’t require western validation
  3. @johnjoemacpeak [1 likes]: for me, tao just means having an idea of what's going on based on the facts you know but being flexible enough to revaluate in the light of change or new information. I bit like the scientific method, always striving for absolute truth but knowing you'll never get there😮
  4. @CreekMountain [1 likes]: This video makes me think in China Taoist ideas are seen as part of woo old culture, like our fairies and wizard in the west, but in the west the Taoist way of thinking is completely alien in form at a fundamental level, and fresh intellectually, completely different, so savored by philosophers.
  5. @cloud_lost_in_thought [1 likes]: I have been enlightened 😌
  6. @TehDanno1 [1 likes]: The "Tao" is basically a generative principle. The "Tao", is literally and or basically the ether and or quantum field, or all of existence. So in essence everything is Tao, and nearly anything can be incorporated into Taoism.
  7. @ScottSmith-jn1jo [1 likes]: Oh, if only the western world could have been enlightened to the Tao long ago!
  8. @kristinestefanija [1 likes]: Sitting on Mount Lao and watching this - thank you!!
  9. @valhoundmom [1 likes]: Codify Daoism...the name that can be named is not the eternal name.  Western Daoism is just one more group in the long line.
  10. @thirzel [1 likes]: Thank you for this cool resume. I have only one objection with the closing sentence. To flow, in my humble opinion, is not the same as to go with the current. If it was so, this would imply that the current automatically flows with the universe, which would actually make many practical aspects of the practice of DAO meaningless. Why would you try to decipher the DAO and cast your yarrow sticks, read the chicken bones? What use would there be to venerate your ancestors and reestablish what is out of balance if the current of the masses - possibly by inertia - flow with the universe anyways?
  11. @Reflection_Of_All [1 likes]: The earliest forms of daoism were shamanic & ritualistic in nature. There was a belief in channeling spirits through drumming, dancing, chanting & ritual. There were systems of divination. These beliefs all contained the core element of a relationship with nature. Embracing the continuity between man and the universe. You can see this in all antiquated proto-religions, but in China it seems that the core fundamental themes of this natural unity were observed and collected; refined into a much simpler package if you will. The concept of the Tao is undescribable, yet if I was burdened with describing it I would attempt to do so like this:

Take in your hands the world and all that is in it. Take up every belief, every thing, every soul & put them together. As you press them all together, their differences collide and contrast into a rainbow of complexities. But as you work with it all, you notice the similarities. And before long, it is all the same. It is all one. You are left with not an individual thought, thing or soul. That is my insufficient description of the Tao.
  12. @EdwardHaren-t8t: Reinsert Duality as first operation. F(x)=2xmod13. I am the Tao.
  13. @roxterat: Would it surprise you if I tell you there are westerners that found the weird literature presented at the end of video really embarassing and are trying to genuinely understand how to think of the concept in order to not be misguided?
  14. @ritaparker478: Incorrectly pronouncing Tao, It is Dao. AI error.
  15. @ChangxinDaoyou: When you read the Dàodé Jīng as referring to a stillness-based meditation practice, and that wúwéi is based on a state of clarity and stillness, it started to make a lot more sense to me. 

Louis Komjathy's Dàodé Jīng translation and the introductory materials shed more light on this from a linguistic and historical perspective.
  16. @stephenhockley: The video won't load and I can only see a black screen.

How Daoist is that 😂
  17. @oleksandronopriyenko2889: Western philosophical Taoism is pretty liberating.
  18. @masterkoi29: Without Ying Zhen there's no unified china. Remember that the Huaxia people comes from the unification of the clans of Huang and Yan. Qin shi Huang followed the path of it's ancestors on unifying the Chinese States to become one nation or country.
  19. @VideoGamePhilosopher: Anarchist!?!?
  20. @SIVAJISAHA-c3r: ❤❤

- Lessons from THE BACKWARDS LAW – Alan Watts: Kind: captions Language: en when try this time the surface of the water i think we need to thank you for alan watts disco my philosopher old what is something wrong and for the terms the podsnap in the Middle Ages seemed do you have relationship mussels and projectback-up challenges for on the surface of the water the palms risers menu start item of the mary flew and looked in scream the fast you think you can ever for us light as a feather here is your start span manager you think nice off for had to was this flash and her stone in a for many things of the him political moment the tank baptismal see it well in real life so many demands of them over heels for woman who you everything we can to make you see how much you later linker bar fires call stack maybe of fancy dinners all that just what you choose a guy who see military baggerman this whole population promotional i wanna do work you work your buff show in the boss progress every step of the way as kin and absolutely our idea what detail bad ass soldier justice kill everyone the guy and the corner martin what is it then it seems crazy in which mini situations and live the mare turn the hard links become in the book so online environment f mark people are wantin' positive experience is a negative experience eksept in negative experience is a pause linux payments at your house looking for positive experience and eating the deathly wat de german teenager you can about time almost person who specifically spiritus your collection of joy and happiness in windows cambio people exactly so paris van further by nina de greenview negative generates the positive minium en stone in joy joy jump for exercise on each day for many facets na van the neck back we will you suck it up and kids lodge in you more energy van the rest of the day you feel better by yourself you come for something the trees in the positive experience have a disco conversation philippe de backer relationships and better just business value teachers berry bowl essence en reviews in leder ventures dealing with a financial medical of personal issue stemmen de worry if the problem de stukes zij die abstergo's de weg robert offset die om uw oude stern de bug life can be seen in coaching en zen buddhism 3 history van feines lawson die in the us remember why you try to stay on the surface of the water i think my god i think you flow regardless of the village in philosophy mohamed we don't know that situation is often that guides for you would expect it thanks for watching the devil book article id horse a your height cmmi libie radios and comments below and usage and my chest biorex video die for you do i get a juice and like the video and mixer the subscribed to a channel to see all renew animations for early slim

  Top Comments:
  1. @prestonrashk4440 [11 likes]: There’s an episode in Seinfeld with George that does everything the opposite he normally would and he starts getting what he wants
  2. @Papreequa [11 likes]: Animate my favorite quote, “You’re unique, just like everyone else.”
  3. @bluemoondiadochi [4 likes]: A snarky comment: well, I guess - at least when it comes to women and promotion - it also helps to not make a complete pathetic cringefest of yourself in the process of pursuing them...
  4. @rangariraiianmakokota9323 [3 likes]: Not to be cheesy but, i think the backwards law implies that if you tell someone to subscribe, they probably wont.
  5. @oldnatty61 [2 likes]: Always be thankful.  Especially when you don't want to be. And do it w/ sincerity.
  6. @loujosevski3124 [2 likes]: Yes I agree but with my  experience you create the experience you desire sometimes it comes 
To fruition with some effort but I’ve found that when you put enormous energy into it and just leads to dead ends , as you leave it be and many months and years goes by it shows up face on 
Sometimes we have to put a lot of energy into it and it comes it Int’s own time even 20 years later
  7. @linuxtennyson [2 likes]: Mark Manson's books are life-changing. His other book 'Everything is f*cked' is just outstanding.
  8. @alisnafathurrohim8574 [1 likes]: This video coming through on my homepage at the right time. Thank you this  video is really helped me !
  9. @rayrous8229 [1 likes]: When you learn how to swim, the water is a playground.
Alan Watts obviously wasn't a good swimmer.
  10. @lamarr1140 [1 likes]: Don't choose the black guy. He doesn't care about you. I bought you flowers. See.
  11. @64Magick: GOD IS EVIL ITSELF!!!
  12. @RAVICHANDRAN-kj8lh: Don't try to swim, you will sink and die 😁😁😁
  13. @jackferguson125: bro your videos are so good, thankyou
can you please do the psychology of money  next
  14. @renoldwayne1800: I'm so confused
  15. @RainandStuff: very male orientated
  16. @spivvo: So true…. There was a head of clients and marketing at my last firm, if a client asked a question he insisted we had to go back with pages of texts and graphs….. However, they were busy and really wanted a sentence or two (which is what I gave them). He’s still working hard just to stand still and the firm is fliundering, I don’t need to work anymore and I don’t.
  17. @stillwithu_V: This is depressing
  18. @jayme3557: Not "choses".... it should have been written as "chooses" 🙄
  19. @eckiuME23: This guy said, that guy said. Jajajaja backwards law? Give me a break. All this philosophers and all these great quotes and Ideas, but no consensus? Seems to me like philosophy doesn't matter very much.
  20. @Kines332: Accept the negative say fuck.

- Alan Watts - The Laws of Reversed Effort: Kind: captions Language: en a person who thinks all the time has nothing to think about except thoughts so he loses touch with reality and lives in a world of illusions by thoughts I mean specifically chatter in the skull perpetual and compulsive repetition of words of Reckoning and calculating [Music] I'm not saying that thinking is bad like everything else is useful in moderation a good servant but a bad master and all so-called civilized peoples have increasingly become crazy and self-destructive because through excessive thinking they have lost touch with reality that's to say we confuse signs words numbers symbols and ideas with the real world most of us would have rather money than tangible wealth and a great occasion is somehow spoiled for us and less photographed and to read about it the next day in the newspaper is oddly more fun for us than the original event this is a disaster for as a result of confusing The Real World of Nature with mere signs such as Bank balances and contracts we are destroying nature we are so tied up in our minds that we've lost our senses time to wake up what is reality obviously no one can say because it isn't words it isn't material that's just an idea it isn't spiritual that's also an idea a symbol reality is this realize that anybody whom you consider it matters spiritual psychological and so on as an authority this Authority because of your opinion that he has or she has how do you know if you say for example like a Protestant Fundamentalist that you believe in the Bible but the Bible is inspired all you may say is a more liberal kind of Christian that Jesus Christ is the greatest being that ever lived on earth it's your opinion that that is so lots of people may have told you so and you may be very impressed by those people but you bought it and so therefore if you say well I would like to become like that that's an expression of the Way You Are you couldn't feel I would like to become like that like the authority like the Christ except as an expression of the way you are now and the way you are now is the quaking mess and therefore your emulation your desire your idealism to become like Christ is merely one of the appetites of your quaking mess it's an expression of you as you are don't fool yourselves I'm not trying to put you down by talking about the quaking mess the quaking mess may be in fact something very very natural the way we are the State of Affairs and we shouldn't be ashamed of it I'm not ashamed of it I told you all the frankly hahaha but it is important not to fool oneself about this but there does doesn't there seem to remain a problem about existence about being alive now let's go into what is that problem at the sort of nitty-gritty level very basic in our thinking is that we as it say one must live we need to survive to go on we need therefore money for food for this that and the other we must go on and we know that we're not going to get away with it for very long that after a certain number of years we're going to die the thing is going to end the thing that we call I is going to be as it is in sleep deep sleep with no dreams about that between now and that happened there may be the most ghastly pains not only perhaps the Pains of physical disease or being wounded or hurt but the pains are worrying about our failure of responsibility to people who depend on us and we suffer other people's suffering simply because we're sensitive and have imagination and participate in their sufferings and our adrenaline and our chemicals respond simply by imagination to the sufferings of other people and what about that and so we can look at these problems and say now quite obviously all these problems cannot be solved in a physical way that is to say we do not expect In Our Lifetime that medical skill will make us exempt from death we do not seriously expect that human beings will all learn to be nice to each other and will refrain from war and horrors of that kind racial Prejudice and so on we don't seriously to find a method of being protected by taking some sort of drug against all possible disease and pain so therefore we say now maybe there's another way around Maybe that instead of solving these problems at the technical level we could solve them at the psychological and spiritual level by so disciplining us by so doing something with ourselves that we wouldn't be afraid of it and so in accord with that motivation we seek out spiritual teachers psychological teachers this that and the other could we somehow be made over so that we don't worry about the quaking mess by a spiritual discipline or whatever and you see if you examine that that this wanting to overcome the quaking mess and not have it anymore that precisely is the quaking mess the thing that we object to about ourselves is precisely what we do about overcoming it in other words the activity that we employ in overcoming it is the mess that we object to do you see that and it's very important to realize that then if you do realize that you raise the question then what can I do what can I do to transform the quaking into the State of Mind of the true Mystic well if you are the quaking mess there is obviously nothing you can do to transform yourself into the state of mind which you idealize as that of being the true Mystic to Christ the saint or whatever so you realize that everything is phony that uh all your ideals are simply manifestations of the quaking mess trying to get away from itself and that you are put in the position of it is absolutely necessary for me to be different from the way I am but there's absolutely nothing I can do about it because being the way I am I cannot be different from that let's say this but look we can put it in different ways I know that I ought not to be selfish and I would very much like to be an unselfish person but the reason why I want to be an unselfish person is that I am very selfish and would far more love myself and respect myself if I were unselfish you see I know that I ought to love God and uh whatever and why do you want to love God or because God is the biggest boss and it's best to be on the side of the big battalions that's really why I want to do it in other words because I'm looking for the safety of my own spiritual skin so I think I would love God oh sophisticated Saints of numbness since Paul understood it Saint Augustine understood it Martin Luther understood it they didn't know what the hell to do about it but there was nothing to do with it and yet something has to be done obviously but you realize when you really look into yourself there's nothing you can do and this therefore is our Point of Departure that we hear perhaps perhaps not mutually realize there is nothing we can do to be anything else than what we are to feel any other way than what we feel at this moment and to be then this quaking mess which has the capacitive of the Horrors about what life can do to us however this isn't as much of a blind alley a cul-de-sac as it sounds because if you discover a blind alley it tells you something watch the flow of water when it crosses over an area of land and you will see that it puts out fingers and some of them stop because they come into blind alleys and the water doesn't pursue that course it simply Rises and then it finds a way it can go but it never uses any effort it only uses weight gravity it takes the line of least resistance and eventually finds a course now we will do the same thing only we're ashamed of it but we've got to do it anyhow we think that when we come to a dead end a blind alley oh I failed supposing the water at each place where a finger of water stretches out over dry ground and doesn't go any further because the land is too high the water would say to itself I failed we would say it was neurotic water just wait and it will find a way now when you find you see that this does this predicament that I've been describing to you that there's no way of transforming yourself to become this Fearless joyous Divine being is distinct from the quaking mess when you says no way this is not a gloomy announcement it is a very very important communication it's telling you something because the like the land is telling the water this isn't the way to go there's another way cry over here so in the same way life is telling you that's not the way to go it's telling you the the message underlying this is you cannot transform yourself is giving you the message that the you that you imagine to be capable of transforming yourself doesn't exist in other words an ego and I separate from my emotions my thoughts my feelings my experiences who is supposed to be in control of cannot control them because it isn't there and as soon as you understand that things will be vastly improved now we can go into this what do you mean by the word I we're going to make some experiments in this number of different levels but the ordinary way what do you mean by the word I I myself your personality your ego what is it well first of all obviously it's your image of yourself it's composed of what people have told you about yourself who you are how they've reacted to you and given you an impression that that's the sort of person you are it's all your education goes into this the style of life you put on and so forth but you but it's an image it's an idea it's your thought about yourself and I suppose yourself is in fact not this but is to begin with your total physical organs your psychological organs and beyond that an organism doesn't exist as an isolated thing any more than a flower exists without a stalk without roots without Earth so in the same way although we are not stalked on the ground we are nevertheless Inseparable from a huge social context of well to begin with parents siblings people who work for us everything I mean it's it's just impossible to cut ourselves off from a social environment and also furthermore from a natural environment we are that there's no clear way of drawing the boundary between this organism and everything that surrounds it and yet the image of ourselves that we have does not include all those relationships our idea of personality of ourselves includes no information whatsoever about the hypothalamus an organ of the brain the pineal gland really of the way we breathe of how our blood circulates of how we manage to form a sentence how we managed to be conscious how you open and close your hand the information contained in your image of yourself contains nothing about all that and therefore obviously it's an extremely inadequate image but nonetheless we do think that the image of self refers to something because we we have the impression very strongly indeed that I exist and this isn't just an idea we think my God it's a Feeling it's it's really substantially there in the middle of us and what is it what what what do you actually sense like you know when you're sitting on the floor and you feel the flaws there and it's real and hard okay what are you sitting on the floor what what do you have the sensation of you know that's you here when you're not hitting yourself what is it well in what part of your body do you feel yourself the real eye existing we can explore this very deeply but I'm going to give you a preliminary and superficial answer the the sensation which corresponds to the image of ourselves is a chronic muscular tension absolutely no useful function whatsoever it is when you try say to concentrate what do you do when you try to pay attention when I was a little boy in school I had sitting next to me another boy who had great difficulty in Reading and as he worked over the textbook with its perfectly piffany information he groaned and granted to try to read to get out the sounds as if he were heaving enormous weights with his muscles you know ah a run Ah that's part no this is enormous weights he was healing and you know teacher was vaguely impressed that he was trying [Laughter] you it had absolutely I know all this tying yourself up into a knot has absolutely nothing to do with the way your mind works because look if you try to see hard you know you look very intense and you make tight muscles around here and maybe you clench your jaws a bit if anything that will make your vision more fuzzy because if you want to see something clearly you must not make an effort you must simply trust your eyes and your nervous system to do their thing so you just look like that I was writing the other night and I completely forgot somebody's name but I knew that eventually my memory would produce it and I just sat for a while and said to my memory you know very well who this person is please give me the answer instead buying there it was foreign because that's the way nerves work they don't work by forcing and yet we've all been brought up to try to force our nervous activity our concentration our memory our comprehension and indeed our very love we've tried to force it with muscles men will understand me if I say you cannot force by muscular effort yourself to have an erection women will understand me if I say you cannot force yourself with muscles to have an orgasm it has to happen and you must trust it to happen and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it by using your muscles nothing nothing nothing so in precisely the same way well let's complete the picture so therefore the the notion that we have of ourselves of ego is a compound of an image of ourselves which does not fit the facts and a sensation of muscular straining which is feudal so that what you conceive to be yourself is the marriage of an illusion and a futility so well what are we if that isn't the case well obviously uh if you want to take a scientific point of view by that mythology then your your organism about which we know very little and the organism as we've seen is inseparable from its environment and so you are the organism environment in other words you are no less than the universe each one of you is the universe expressed in the place which you feel is here and now you're an aperture through which the universe is looking at itself exploring itself and we're going to go into that much more deeply so when you feel that you are a lonely put upon isolated little stranger confronting all this see you have an illusory feeling because the truth is the reverse you are the whole works that there is that always was and always has been always will be only just as my whole body has a little nerve end here which is exploring and which contributes to the sense of touch you are just such a little nerve end for everything that's going on just as the eyes serve the whole body and help it to find its way around so are as it were serving the whole you're a sullen and it's exploring itself so that you as a function you you are a function of all that and therefore if this is so it just doesn't fit the these facts do not fit the way we feel because we feel it the other way around I am a little lonely thing exploring all this universe and trying to get make something out of it get something out of it do something with it and I know I'm going to fail because I know I'm going to die one day so we're all fundamentally depressed and think up all these fantasies about what's going to happen to us when we're dead and all that kind of thing uh what's gonna happen to you when you're dead what do you mean you if you are basically the universe that question is irrelevant you never were born and you never will die because what there is is you and that should be absolutely obvious but it is not obvious at all that should be the simplest thing in the world that you the I is what has always been going on and always will go on forever and ever but we have been bamboozled by religionists by politicians by fathers and mothers by all sorts of people to tell us you're not it and we believed it so do you see now why if I put it to you in this very negative way you can't do anything to change yourselves to become better to become happier to become more serene to become Mystics or if I say you can't do a damn thing can you understand this negative statement in a positive way what I'm really saying is that you don't need to because if you see yourselves in the correct way you are all as much extraordinary phenomena of nature as say trees clouds the patterns in running water the shape of fire the arrangement of the Stars the form of a galaxy you were all just like that there's nothing wrong with you at all except that I have to add this little flip you you have and you you do think there's something wrong with you see then there's no question you do we all object to ourselves in various ways and I'm going to add there's nothing wrong with that either because that's part of the flow that's part of what is going on that's part of what we do so I don't you see I'm I'm what I'm actually going to do is I'm going to deliver you from a sense of guilt because I'm going to teach you that you needn't feel guilty because you feel guilty of course you feel guilty it's like someone put a match on you and you feel hot so they taught you as a child they feel guilty and you feel guilty they say well if someone comes along and says well you shouldn't it's not the point I'm going to say not that you shouldn't but did you do it don't worry about it and if you want to say further but I can't help worrying about it I'm going to say to you okay worry about this is the principle called in Japanese Judo meaning the Gentle Way go along with it go along with it go along with it so therefore this is the beginning of meditation you don't know what you're supposed to do what can you do well if you don't know what you're supposed to do you watch you simply watch what's going on like say somebody plays music you listen and you just follow those sounds and eventually you understand the point of the music the point cannot be explained in words because music is not words but after a while in listening to any music you will understand the point of and that point will be the music itself in exactly the same way you can listen to all experiences because all experiences whatsoever Are vibrations coming at you well they you are these vibrations as a matter of fact if you could really feel up what is happening what you are aware of as you where does everything else is all the same it's a a vibrations of all kinds and they're on different bands of a spectrum site vibrations emotion vibrations uh touch vibration Sound Vibrations all these things adding together are woven all the different senses are woven and you get a pattern in the weaving and that pattern is the picture of what you now feel and this thing is see instead of saying what should I do about it because who knows what to do about it to know what to do about this you would have to know everything and if you don't then the only thing that at least to begin with to begin with you can do is watch what's going on watch not only what's going on on the outside but also what's going on on the inside treat your own thoughts your own reactions your own emotions about what's going on outside as if those inside reactions were also outside things that you're just watching follow simply observe how they go note now you may say this is difficult I am bored by watching what is going on let's say you you sit quite still and you are simply observing what is happening all the sounds outside all the different shapes and lights in front of your eyes all the feelings on your skin inside your skin belly rumbles thoughts going on inside your head chatter chatter chatter I ought to be writing a letter to so-and-so I should have done this they said all is built going on see you just watch it but then you say to yourself but this is boring now watch that too what is it what what kind of a funny feeling is it that makes you say but this is boring where is it where do you feel it I should be doing something else instead what's that feeling what part of your body is it is it in here is it in here is it in the south of your feet where is it boring the feeling of boredom can be very interesting if you try to look it up so you simply watch and everything going on without attempting to change it in any way without judging it without calling it good or bad you watch it and that is the essential process of we all know what reality is but we can't describe it just as we all know how to beat our hearts and shape our bones but cannot say how it is done water becomes clear and calm only when left alone I was trying to explain this morning what for one of a better word we call meditation or I sometimes prefer to say contemplation is really supposed to be fun and I have some difficulty in conveying this idea because everybody takes everything to do with religion seriously and you must understand that I am not a serious person I may be sincere but not serious because I don't think the universe is serious and the trouble gets into the world very largely because of various beings take themselves seriously instead of playfully and after all you must become serious if you think that is desperately important you will only think that something is desperately important if you're afraid of losing it and if you're afraid of losing it it isn't really worth having people who drag on living because they're afraid to die will teach their children to do the same and they will teach their children to live that way and so it goes on and on if you were God would you be serious would you want people to treat you as if you were serious would you want to be prayed to think of all the modeling things that people say in their prayers would you want to listen to that all the time would you encourage it no not a viewer so in the same way uh meditation is different you see therefore from the sort of things that people are supposed to take seriously because it doesn't have any purpose when you talk about practicing meditation it's not like practicing rifle shooting or playing the piano which one does in order to attain a certain perfection you practice in order to make perfect you practice the piano to go on stage and perform but you don't practice meditation that way because if you do you're not meditating the only way in which you can talk about the practice of meditation is to use the word practice in the same way as when somebody says that he practices medicine it's his way of life it's his vocation he does it every day maybe he does it the same way every day but if it's good that's fine because in meditation you see oh there's no idea of time in uh practicing learning things time is of the essence let's do it as fast as possible let's find a faster way of learning how to do this in meditation a faster way of learning is of no importance whatsoever because it is its focus is always on the present and there may occur growth in it but it's the same way that a plant grows once upon a time in China there was a family farming family and they were having dinner and the oldest son came in late and they said why are you late for dinner he said I've been helping the wheat to grow so they came out next morning and all the wheat was dead well what happened was that he had gone and pulled each stalk up a little yeah to help it grow so growth always occurs in a being like a plant which is perfect at every step no progress is involved in the transformation of an acorn into an oak because the acorn is a perfect acorn and the sapling is a perfect sampling and the big oak tree is a perfect Oak which again produces acorns perfect acorns the same at every stage it's there just as in the unfoldment of a musical composition it has arrived at every stage and it cannot be otherwise so the meditation work is the same exactly the same so we should not talk about beginners as distinct from experts we should develop if we could a new vocabulary it's very difficult in the context of our competitive world to speak about things like this to bring about the idea of doing which is not acquisitive which you're not going to get anything out of because there's no one to get anything when you understand what I've been talking about about there being no experience separate from experience there's then there's no one to get anything out of life or to get anything from meditation so we have here a sort of law of reversed effort you must therefore understand that as a background to anything said about techniques because whenever we talk about we seem to be talking about the competitive thing Mastery the idea of Mastery of technique but on the other hand if you play a musical instrument technique is very important in the making of a satisfactory sound but if you force the learning of technique or Force the performance of it everyone will hear it and you will hear the forcing of it yourself and it will be unmusical and so you have to address yourself to the playing of an instrument without hurry and never never Force anything and you will find there is a point then that where the instrument seems to play and when you get that peculiar feeling of the sound that is coming out of a flute or a violin string or whatever is as it were happening of itself then you're playing the instrument properly same way if you sing there comes a point when your voice takes over this is the difference between spiration and inspiration you may say uh as Christians do that the act of worship is inspired by the Holy Spirit when monks are chanting they are told that the holy spirit is that is is chanting through them they are flutes for the Holy Spirit and this has a very precise and Technical meaning because there is a way in of producing the breath and the producing sound where it comes of itself and you don't do it and we will call that way of producing sound Holy Spirit but it's based on breath I pointed out in the first session that breath is a curious operation because it can be experienced as a both a voluntary doing and an involuntary you can do a breathing exercise and feel that I am breathing in just the same way as you can feel I am walking but on the other hand you breathe all the time when you're not thinking about and in that way it's involuntary you must breathe and so it is the faculty pertending to which we can realize the unity of the voluntary and involuntary systems so therefore what is called anapanasati and Buddhism means mindfulness of the breath watching breath and watching breath is fundamental in because it's like sound it's so easy to see the happenings in it as distinct from what we thought of as the doing breath happens but the Curious thing is about breath is that you can get with the happening of breath and in getting with it you can do extraordinary things with it anyone who swims knows this anyone who sings anyone who does as a matter of fact any athletic thing knows that the breathing is important these alignment the synchronization of what you're doing with your breathing is the whole art as it is in the archery also but powerful breath is not worked by muscle power it is worked by gravity by weight and what I would like you to do is if you will sit upright and the reason for this is very simple that your the part of your body in which the breathing is occurring is unencumbered and also sitting upright on the floor you are slightly uncomfortable so that you won't go to sleep and in any peaceful and quiet state of mind it's very easy to go to sleep and now in this way in this position you simply become aware of your breathing without trying to do anything about it at all you let it happen and watch it letting your ears hear whatever they want to hear in other words you let them hear just as you're letting your lungs breathe now Beyond this can you get the idea of breathing out heavenly letting the breath fall outwards without pushing it and as you get to the end of the out do it with the same sort of feeling that you have when you let your body drop into a very comfortable bed you drop out logo fall let weight do it and then after a while the breaths will return don't pull let it fall back in and drop in until you've had enough and then let it drop out again it's a good idea in this to breathe in through the nostrils and out through the lips allowing there to be a slight sensation of moving air on your lips so that you know you're breathing and that you're not restraining your muscles but never Force anything just have the feeling of it going that way by virtue of weight and then as you let the breath fall outwards you simply float a sound on it think of a sound that pleases you and note that seems agreeable to your voice and as you breathe out heavily imagine that sound to yourself whatever you feel like ham it out loud and keep it going no you know you're still a little short-winded and uh I'm um easy about a thing like this you can as well as allowing the sound to ham and happen with breath that is falling out you couldn't as it were simply request it to increase the volume without forcing and you can keep a sound humming as a whole group of people together by when your sound ends bring it in again quite softly and then allow the volume to rise and we will get a more or less continuous production of sound bar group but it's important to have the Sound Running continuously try it again picking your own notes again once more to increase its volume what we're working into is the completely liberated that's soft and gentle letting of sound happen through us without the slightest sense of strength so that you are not singing it but it is singing with your voice don't premeditate the tune but let it come it's as if almost you were talking nonsense I mean you know I can talk nonsense at the drop of a hat I'll give you a whole lecture in a completely non-existent language what you're doing is you're doing this gently with voice and you are simply preoccupied with it like easy humming to yourself and as and when I talk just hear the sound of my voice don't bother about what it means your brain will take care of that by just let your eardrums respond as they will to all vibrations now in the air don't let yourself or your ears be offended by improper or unscheduled if for example the record is scratchy okay you wouldn't object if you were listening to it sitting by a fire of crackling logs let them ring it's just a noise and keep your tongue relaxed floating easily in the lower jaw authors stop frowning allow the space between your eyes to feel easy and open and just let the vibrations in the air play with your ears you must understand that in meditation we are concerned only with what is with reality nothing else the past is a memory the future and expectation neither past nor future actually exist there is simply Eternal now so don't seek or expect a result from what you're doing that wouldn't be true meditation there's no hurry just now you're not going anywhere simply be here live in the world of sound let it play that's all thank you in the world of pure sound can you actually hear anyone who is listening can you hear any difference between all these sounds on the one hand and yourself on the other now when you were thus absorbed sound where were you this would be called a state of consciousness where a primitive form of samadhi that is to say we are happily absorbed in what we are doing and we have forgotten about ourselves you can't very well do that and worry oh think anything serious and you'll notice that there's a special way of doing it because I mean we can go crazy and we can do kind of a wild Indian chance but in this you are sort of straining too much as a rule see if you keep it down to a soft thing like and get their floating feeling of The Voice if you instantly you feel any sound is uncomfortable avoided slip down if you're going too high slip up if you're getting too low if your voice tends to change follow its change you're just swinging along with it this is the point of why from ancient times people discovered humming and and singing and everybody used to sing while they were but you will notice that today very few people sing it all you have to make a thing of it people are afraid of their voices their melodic voices distinct from the spoken voice I know an enormous number of people who've never seen at all why is it that when the scriptures the upanishads the sutras are red they are invariably chanted because an extra Dimension is added to the voice as soon as you bring a note into it that's the Divine element you see the notes on the singing sound symbolically speaking so this is a form of what I would call free Mantra chanting like we did it then which isn't used much it does give you as you do it a very good idea of what the meditative state because it isn't just a letting happen only the things going on around that's inside you as well as distinct from the prescribed Mantra like Omani Padme hum or om our own uh or Aram sriram Hare Krishna and Hari Krishna Krishna Krishna Etc each one of them has a different feeling to it the Tibetan Monks go down to an extraordinarily deep sound they go as deep as you can get there is a reason for this that's very difficult to explain because you have to do it but when you go down into sound as deeply as you can get you're going to an extreme of the vibration and everybody feels naturally that what is deep is sort of the underpinnings the foundation and when they go into that deep sound they are literally exploring the depths of sound as we say go into it deeply but you can very readily see once you get into that that you're you're in another state of consciousness altogether you're not any more in fidgety chattering to your skull every day uh what I call normal restlessness but in this way it always you get a senseless feeling of the breath that it's very enjoyable to breathe and then you will find this will help in the quality of the sound you produce and we of course have to get away from some of our musical prejudices when we do this now I know I'm sorry but everybody thinks that to spend a lot of time gently humming nonsense to yourself is a waste of time what are you going to do with the time that you save D but the point though is with all this the first thing we have to understand is what I will call Deep listening and very few people ever really listen because instead of receiving the sound they make comments on it all the time they're thinking about and so the sound is never fully heard you just have to let it take over let it take you over completely then you get the samadhi state of becoming it it also means that you abandon your socially nervous personality well one of the reasons why people don't sing is that they hear so many Masters on records and they're ashamed of their own voices and think there's no point singing unless I'm good at it well that's like saying there's no point my doing anything at all unless I'm particularly gifted at it which is ridiculous but singing is of course very good for for you but we won't mention that because it brings in too much purposiveness into it and uh but it's like a child will make noises because of the absorbing interest of making noises for the child child will make all sorts to explore the possibilities of what you can do with a voice see ah laughs if you don't see adults going around they're all too shy see tremendous fun but to all this all this is perfectly incomparable within that meditation It embarrasses the hell out of some people say what are you laughing at no I don't see any point laughing at something funny I had a friend who was a theological student he was very fat and he used to sit on the elevated train that went from Evanston into Chicago where the seats ran right down the side of the train so that he'd sit in the middle of one side and everybody in the car could see him fat fellow it's certainly didn't get on with Evanston you'd sit there and look kind of vacant and it started chuckled himself and slowly you'd work it up all it's flesh it's vibrating and by the time they got into Chicago the whole car

  Top Comments:
  1. @bdereuver [3 likes]: I love you
  2. @bobwoww8384 [2 likes]: Alan Watts was a wonderful steward of mankind.  Indisputable genius gone too soon 🌹🌹🌹🌹

- Taoism Explained - The Art of Flow | Lao Tzu: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Taoism is a philosophy attributed to Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu, although it remains a mystery if he ever existed. Lao tzu was said to be a contemporary of Confucius during the 5th or 6th century BC. He was a scholar who worked as the Keeper of Archives for the royal court and is known as the author of the Tao Te Ching as well as the founder of Taoism. All his life, Lao Tzu taught that “The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao”, which is in fact the first paragraph of the Tao Te Ching. This can be interpreted as the Tao being teachable, but that it must be put into practice, not just to be a talker in the learning of the Tao. Language has its limitations and is only second-hand knowledge. According to ancient legend, as he was approaching his death, he was persuaded by his followers to write down his teachings, to serve as a guide on achieving the Tao for future generations. His main ideas are the Tao also known as “The Way", which is the natural order of the universe which one must discover to realise the potential for wisdom, and “Wu Wei”, meaning “effortless action or actionless action”, describing a state of flow that is characterised by great ease and awareness, in which, without even trying, we achieve perfect harmony and perfect knowledge of the current situation. Just as a qualified chef cuts meat to perfection without effort, a woodcutter cuts wood into perfect pieces, or an athlete entirely focused on what they are doing, absorbed in the moment. Taoism along with Confucianism are the two great currents of Chinese thought, which have thoroughly moulded the culture of China. Confucius meeting Lau Tzu is almost like yang meeting yin. Each offered his answer to chaos, from Confucius, the way of the yang: firm government, law and order, respect for authority. From Lao Tzu, the way of the yin: the natural way, the waters way, yielding to effortless action. In this sense, the yin and yang describe nature in duality with two opposite, complementary and interdependent forces. The Taoist way is for people to be freed from their regular lifestyle, after contributing to society. In other words, to retire when the work is done, in order to find out who you ultimately are. The basic thing in the whole philosophy is the conception of Tao. The Tao, like water flows everywhere, to the left and to the right and it loves everything. It nurtures animals and plants and then moves on without seeking praise, when good things are happening, it is not there to receive any thanks. The Tao is not different from nature or ourselves, it is the way in which all things are. The world is a system of interrelated components, none of which can survive without each other. In other words, everything arises mutually. To be and not to be, yes and no, light and dark, everything becomes a Happening. Nature and the species arise mutually because they interdepend. There is no cause and effect, as is commonly expressed in Western thought, and this is perhaps the most important thing to grasp in the Chinese and Oriental philosophy. It is quite common to find Zen and Taoist paintings in which man is always seen in nature, coexisting with it. The Tao is this moment, without past and future. There is no such thing as a progression in time, the spring does not become the summer, but rather there is first spring and then there is summer. In the same way, your present self does not become your future self. The person that you are right now, is not the same person who will die because we are all a constant flux, the continuity of the person from past through present to future is an illusion. In other words, there is a stream of the universe. In this way, the ability to hear, say music, depends on a relationship between past, present and future sounds. You might be listening to this and have to go to work the next day. This is a problem for many people, it spoils the taste of what’s going on now. The Taoists simply live now, letting things be as they want to be, and then, there will be no problem. This is a great relief. So, without further ado. Let us embark on a journey and learn from the beautiful philosophy of Taoism. We worry too much, we are constantly thinking about the external world, what we need to achieve, what stuff we need. To maintain the balance, we can practice mindfulness or meditation, so that when we do act, we have the sufficient energy and can do it effortlessly. Most of our life revolves around trying to impress other people. We compare ourselves to other more successful people, and thus become frustrated. We must then learn to live in the present, not comparing ourselves to others, but rather focusing on improving ourselves. Wealth consists not in having more, but in having few wants. Appreciating what you have got, no matter how little, is the true path to the Tao. In Western culture, we often believe that having more and doing more of something will bring us more happiness. However, to be truly rich is to be content with what you already have. And, to become enlightened, we mustn’t seek power through recognition, money, or control, but rather detach ourselves from them, loving and embracing what we have got. Living frugally and minimalistically, can bring much more happiness, avoiding the troubles and cluttering of our minds with having too many unnecessary things in our mind. The simple life, is the good life. Rather than seeking to be praised, be humble – this will naturally give place to praise, and happiness. Achieve results, without expecting anything in return. Do not be romanticised on achieving, but rather enjoy the journey. Keep going, and don’t give up.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Eternalised [26 likes]: Please like the video if you enjoyed!

Support this channel: https://www.patreon.com/eternalised
YouTube Member Perks: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqos1tl0RntucGGtPXNxkkA/join
Donate a Coffee: https://ko-fi.com/eternalised
PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/eternalisedofficial
Official Merch: https://eternalised.creator-spring.com
  2. @AylínSquatchSquad [16 likes]: In all my years, I've never heard teachings and philosophy that spoke to me as much as this very thing. Whether he be real or simply an act of fiction, Lao Tzu was indeed wise.

I look forward to reading his words for myself and implementing his teachings into my life.
  3. @carmenortiz5294 [3 likes]: What a not coincidence! Yesterday, I had a question to a riddle by none other than Lao Tzu. I decided to skip it for later. Here I am less than 24 hours later and who is the video that I am watching (after finding this site today and watching 4 others of the oldest videos) about? Of course Lao Tzu. Chances are about zero, that I would find the answer to the riddle. Well it turns out the answer is here. That shows that when you need an answer, just relax and it will find you. Really like this site.
  4. @ejwoods2457 [2 likes]: I’ve never read anything quite as mesmerizing and enlightening as ZhuangZi. I think it’s the most profound religious text I’ve ever had the pleasure of contemplating.
  5. @Davlavi [1 likes]: This channel deserves way more likes. Keep up the great videos.
  6. @traceysheneman8652: Excellent presentation of the essence of the Tao.
  7. @Revision-m8f: You miss the core of the philosophy by a mile.
You have no idea what it is you're talking about. 

But yet it's good that you have made an effort still. Thank you. May those who watch this video go the extra mile and try to dive deep into the teachings concerning the mysterious Dao.
  8. @SidRandom: Is it Tao or Dao? I'm so confused ><
  9. @amineounelli: yaps for 4:50 mins - "without further ado"
  10. @superstar5123: great content
  11. @josedanielherreraochoa6914: Thanks!
  12. @Luvmeesh: 🩷🤍
  13. @bubsyoutube: This is the Way
  14. @PolymathVlog: Taoism (much like Stoicism) is philosophy were basically anyone can take some benefit out of it.
  15. @edthoreum7625: 1:37 👁️👃👁️
4:50 🥥🔨
  16. @julianoskelemener3195: Thanks
  17. @artophile7777: I'm 515 and this is deep.
  18. @v1npoole: Great channel
  19. @SithSolomon: Very good.
  20. @ajk9420: wow great

- Carl Jung - Love the Enemy Within (Read by Alan Watts): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I want to read a passage from one&nbsp; of his lectures which I think is one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the greatest things he ever wrote and which&nbsp; has been very marvelous thing for me. It was&nbsp;&nbsp; in a lecture delivered to a group of clergy&nbsp; in Switzerland considerable number of years&nbsp;&nbsp; ago and he writes as follows. People forget that&nbsp; even doctors have moral scruples and that certain&nbsp;&nbsp; patients confessions are hard even for a doctor&nbsp; to swallow. Yet the patient does not feel himself&nbsp;&nbsp; accepted unless the very worst in him is accepted&nbsp; too. No one can bring this about by mere words.&nbsp;&nbsp; It comes only through reflection and through&nbsp; the doctor's attitude towards himself and&nbsp;&nbsp; his own dark side. If the doctor wants to guide&nbsp; another or even accompany him a step of the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; he must feel with that person's psyche, he never&nbsp; feels it when he passes judgment. Whether he puts&nbsp;&nbsp; his judgments into words or keeps them to&nbsp; himself makes not the slightest difference.&nbsp;&nbsp; To take the opposite position and to agree with&nbsp; the patient off hand is also of no use. Feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; comes only through unprejudiced objectivity. This&nbsp; sounds almost like a scientific precept and it&nbsp;&nbsp; could be confused with a purely intellectual&nbsp; abstract attitude of mind. But what I mean is&nbsp;&nbsp; something quite different. It is a human quality,&nbsp; a kind of deep respect for the facts, for the man&nbsp;&nbsp; who suffers from them, and for the riddle of&nbsp; such a man's life. The truly religious person&nbsp;&nbsp; has this attitude. He knows that God has brought&nbsp; all sorts of strange and inconceivable things to&nbsp;&nbsp; pass and seeks in the most curious ways to enter&nbsp; a man's heart. He therefore senses in everything&nbsp;&nbsp; the unseen presence of the divine will. This is&nbsp; what I mean by unprejudiced objectivity. It is a&nbsp;&nbsp; moral achievement on the part of the doctor who&nbsp; ought not to let himself be repelled by sickness&nbsp;&nbsp; and corruption. We cannot change anything unless&nbsp; we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate. It&nbsp;&nbsp; oppresses. I am the oppressor of the person I&nbsp; condemn, not his friend and fellow sufferer.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do not in the least mean to say that we must&nbsp; never pass judgment when we desire to help and&nbsp;&nbsp; improve. But if the doctor wishes to help a human&nbsp; being, he must be able to accept him as he is. And&nbsp;&nbsp; he can do this in reality only when he has already&nbsp; seen and accepted himself as he is. Perhaps this&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds very simple, but simple things are always&nbsp; the most difficult. In actual life, it requires&nbsp;&nbsp; the greatest art to be simple. And so, acceptance&nbsp; of oneself is the essence of the moral problem&nbsp;&nbsp; and the acid test of one's whole outlook on life.&nbsp; That I feed the beggar, that I forgive an insult,&nbsp;&nbsp; that I love my enemy in the name of Christ. All&nbsp; these are undoubtedly great virtues. What I do&nbsp;&nbsp; unto the least of my brethren, that I do unto&nbsp; Christ. But what if I should discover that the&nbsp;&nbsp; least amongst them all, the poorest of all&nbsp; beggars, the most impudent of all offenders,&nbsp;&nbsp; yay, the very fiend himself, that these are within&nbsp; me, and that I myself stand in need of the arms&nbsp;&nbsp; of my own kindness, that I myself am the enemy&nbsp; who must be loved. What then? Then, as a rule,&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole truth of Christianity is reversed. There&nbsp; is then no more talk of love and longsuffering.&nbsp;&nbsp; We say to the brother within us, Raqqa, and&nbsp; condemn and rage against ourselves. We hide him&nbsp;&nbsp; from the world. We deny ever having met this least&nbsp; among the lowly in ourselves. And had it been God&nbsp;&nbsp; himself who drew near to us in this despicable&nbsp; form, we should have denied him a thousand times&nbsp;&nbsp; before a single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] had crowed. Healing may&nbsp; be called, Hyung says, a religious problem in&nbsp;&nbsp; the sphere of social or national relations.&nbsp; The state of suffering may be civil war,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this state is to be cured by the Christian&nbsp; virtue of forgiveness and love of one's enemies. That which we recommend with the conviction&nbsp; of good Christians is applicable to external&nbsp;&nbsp; situations, we must also apply inwardly in the&nbsp; treatment of neurosis. This is why modern man&nbsp;&nbsp; has heard enough about guilt and sin. He is sorely&nbsp; beset by his own bad conscience and wants rather&nbsp;&nbsp; to know how he is to reconcile himself with his&nbsp; own nature, how he is to love the enemy in his&nbsp;&nbsp; own heart and call the wolf his brother. The&nbsp; modern man does not want to know in what way&nbsp;&nbsp; he can imitate Christ, but in what way he can&nbsp; live his own individual life, however meager and&nbsp;&nbsp; uninteresting it may be. It is because every form&nbsp; of imitation seems to him deadening and sterile&nbsp;&nbsp; that he rebels against the force of tradition&nbsp; that would hold him to welltrodden ways. All&nbsp;&nbsp; such roads for him lead in the wrong direction.&nbsp; He may not know it, but he behaves as if his own&nbsp;&nbsp; individual life were God's special will which must&nbsp; be fulfilled at all costs. This is the source of&nbsp;&nbsp; his egoism which is one of the most tangible&nbsp; evils of the neurotic state. But the person&nbsp;&nbsp; who tells him he is too egoistic has already lost&nbsp; his confidence and rightly so. For that person has&nbsp;&nbsp; driven him still further into his neurosis.&nbsp; If I wish to effect a cure for my patients,&nbsp;&nbsp; I am forced to acknowledge the deep significance&nbsp; of their egoism. I should be blind indeed if I did&nbsp;&nbsp; not recognize it as a true will of God. I must&nbsp; even help the patient to prevail in his egoism.&nbsp;&nbsp; If he succeeds in this, he estranges himself from&nbsp; other people. He drives them away and they come to&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves as they should, for they were seeking&nbsp; to rob him of his sacred egoism. This must be left&nbsp;&nbsp; to him, for it is his strongest and healthiest&nbsp; power. It is, as I have said, a true will of&nbsp;&nbsp; God which sometimes drives him into complete&nbsp; isolation. However wretched this state may be,&nbsp;&nbsp; it also stands him in goodstead. For in this&nbsp; way alone can he get to know himself and learn&nbsp;&nbsp; what an invaluable treasure is the love of his&nbsp; fellow beings. It is moreover only in the state&nbsp;&nbsp; of complete abandonment and loneliness that we&nbsp; experience the helpful powers of our own natures. When one has several times seen this development&nbsp; at work, one can no longer deny that what was evil&nbsp;&nbsp; has turned to good and that what seemed&nbsp; good has kept alive the forces of evil.&nbsp;&nbsp; The arch demon of egoism leads us along&nbsp; the royal road to that in gathering which&nbsp;&nbsp; religious experience demands. What we observe&nbsp; here is a fundamental law of life in antiodromea&nbsp;&nbsp; or conversion into the opposite. And it is&nbsp; this that makes possible the reunion of the&nbsp;&nbsp; waring halves of the personality and thereby&nbsp; brings the civil war to an end. End of quote. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Clay-Ankh7 [2 likes]: As insightful as Jungs work has been into the human psyche he himself failed to confront his own shadow causing him to be a racist as he wrote about the "lacking layer of the mind" by blacks and indigineous people....and white purity being contaminated by black and indigineous peoples proximity etc....

And here on this beautifully presented illustration we see an image of a white Jesus....

Thank you for the shadow work tool.....

Love & Light.....
  2. @Whatyoudototheleastofthese [2 likes]: Gratitude.
  3. @user-lk7ep6ft8b [2 likes]: I had to listen everyday. What do I truly value
  4. @user-lk7ep6ft8b [2 likes]: I’m astounded  , this shows you  he was a genius  he wasn’t in my time.   Has so much discernment and great wisdom
  5. @SuccessMindset2180 [2 likes]: Understand ourselves really is very awakening
  6. @audreana100 [2 likes]: When we condemn other we are condemning what we hate within ourselves
  7. @TheArchetypeUniverse [1 likes]: I love this topic so much. ❤
  8. @BeefWellington1 [1 likes]: Great stuff brotha 😎 you already know that though ❤️
  9. @pp-1954 [1 likes]: This is the deepest shit
  10. @pp-1954 [1 likes]: The doctor can accept a patient only if he has accepted himself
  11. @jameswilkerson4412 [1 likes]: Think the Star Trek:  TOS writer of the episode “The Enemy Within” had been familiar with Jung ?
  12. @user-lk7ep6ft8b [1 likes]: If only he could see today what’s going on in the world  I will see him in heaven  bec he will be their
  13. @imthedislikebutton2500: I dont get it at all. So what your saying is that I should accept my bad behavior? Or mearly my capacity to do so?
  14. @5treetSpirit: If we cannot love ourselves we cannot better ourselves nor change negative aspects of ourselves into positive aspects and attain our highest possible states of self esteem and self efficacy: fully awoken and realized self-actualization.
  15. @HassanBentazrout-l2o: ❤
  16. @TheSpiralConvergence: Witnessed. I love how this was read by Alan Watts. What a wonderful cross-over!
  17. @AffirmationSongsOnRepeat: Yes! You are whole. All parts of you deserve to be seen.
  18. @Maciej.Bebłowski: Today I've read just few pages and how I got it: people who are harsh for themselves are kind and warm for others, and vice versa. How I get it there's a balance in this.
So no, dont love enemy within!!
  19. @inforuimteschip5970: In the Red Book he seems to learn this from Philemon. Who heals people by means of compassion and empathy. But there is more to his Magic he says. He is also described as a lover of his own soul and he says he believes in the dignity of men, I think that is part of it aswel.
  20. @unknown5493: Shall we give kudos to the fact that even with AI he has neither generated Watts voice nor does he generate the images. I wish I could give this channel ten more subscribers from myself.

- The Spiritual Secret No One Talks About: Desire & Awakening: Kind: captions Language: en There is a secret conflict that emerges for those on a genuine spiritual journey, one that is rarely discussed in the open, and it presents a profound paradox. The closer you feel you move toward the light of awareness, the more you may find yourself grappling with a deep primal energy within. Why would someone dedicated to higher consciousness find themselves locked in such an intimate struggle with raw human [music] desire? What I'm about to share is not a simple spiritual pep talk. This is about confronting the entire landscape of our nature. Not just the comfortable, presentable parts. The first thing we must understand is this. True spiritual awakening does not make you less of a human being. It makes you more intensely human. Your senses come alive. Your perception sharpens. You become aware of more the subtle and the obvious, the transcendent and the grounded, the serene and the passionate. Think of your life before any real inner shift. You were navigating the world in a kind of haze. Your feelings were muted. Your experiences filtered. [music] Awakening is like wiping the fog from a window. Suddenly, colors are brighter. Sounds are richer. The [music] texture of life is felt with a new intensity. And yes, the pull of desire is also felt with a new undeniable force. This is the initial key. Spiritual clarity amplifies your entire experience. The same awakened perception that allows you to sense a universal connection also makes you acutely aware [music] of your own physical being and its powerful urges. Awakening doesn't silence the body. It turns up its volume. The ancient traditions sometimes got this backwards. They assumed enlightenment would transcend the flesh. But the reality is the opposite. A person who is truly aware feels everything more profoundly. peace and turmoil, [music] compassion and craving, a love for all, and a very specific human wanting. So you find yourself a [music] seeker of truth, suddenly confronting waves of desire stronger than you recall, and you assume you are failing. You believe you are regressing. But in truth, you are simply becoming more present, more sentient, more completely alive. The challenge is not to cease feeling, but to learn how to hold your feelings without letting them steer you. Now let's explore the second reason and this one touches a deep vulnerability. Those who begin to see the world differently often find themselves in a place of solitude. Not from a place of superiority but because their vision has changed. The ordinary distractions lose their appeal. Superficial talk feels empty. The relentless pursuit of status and possessions seems like a game. They can no longer play. And so they step back from the noise or the noise excludes them. The result is often a profound sense of isolation. And loneliness is a specific and powerful ache. [music] When you have no one to share your deepest realizations with, when your insights would be met with confusion or judgment, you feel a separation that is uniquely [music] painful. In this void, desire can appear as a bridge back to human contact. Even if it's an illusion of connection, [music] even if it's hollow, it promises a momentary restbite. The warmth of another person, the meeting of glances for a short time, the heavy cloak of loneliness seems to lift. Do you see the predicament? The very journey that brings you profound truth also takes you away from the crowd. And the human creature within you longs for contact, for understanding, for simple touch. Desire offers a deceptive answer. It pledges belonging, but often leaves you feeling more a drift than before. This is the hidden struggle of countless [music] seekers, monks, and mystics throughout the ages. They left the world to find the divine, and they did. But they also encountered an immense solitude. And into that quiet space, desire would whisper, offering a fleeting companionship. The third reason is perhaps the most unsettling. As you genuinely awaken, [music] you become a disruption. Not necessarily to people, though sometimes that too, [music] but to the entrenched energies that prefer humanity to remain asleep. Call them what you wish. Shadow forces, the weight of collective unconsciousness, or simply inertia. Whatever their name, [music] these currents do not want you to be free. They do not want you to see clearly. [music] They do not want the ripple effect of your awareness to spread. And so they test you. They [music] probe for vulnerabilities. They seek avenues to pull you back into the dream, back into the endless loop of craving and temporary satisfaction. The path of light is often met with shadows. Desire is a supremely effective tool for this. Why? Because it works. When you are consumed by wanting, when that energy courses through you, your mind becomes clouded. Your meditation is scattered. [music] Your prayer feels blocked. You are dragged entirely into the physical realm, [music] into sensation, into the urgent need for fulfillment. The challenges often intensify as your awareness [music] grows. Not because you are failing, but because you are succeeding, you are waking up and the forces of slumber do not release their captives easily. This is the real meaning behind the idea of a spiritual battle. It is not an allegory. It is the direct experience of anyone who strives to live with eyes wide open in a world that often prefers to sleep. The conflict [music] is genuine. The opposition is real. And raw desire is one of its most favored instruments because its effectiveness is terrifying. The fourth reason involves our old hurts. The wounds we carry from long ago, from childhood, disappointments, from past betrayals, from all the ways we were bruised before we had the strength to defend ourselves. [music] Most people spend their lives avoiding these wounds. They are too sharp, too frightening to examine. But when you start to wake up spiritually, you can no longer ignore them. All the old sorrows rise to the surface. the fear of abandonment, the stains of shame, the deep-seated belief that you are fundamentally lacking. And here is the dynamic that unfolds. Desire presents itself as a solve for these wounds. It offers a temporary relief [music] when you are caught in the thrill of pursuit. When you feel desired, you can momentarily forget the pain. [music] You feel validated. You feel significant. You feel for a brief instant [music] that you are enough. But it is an illusion. Desire does not heal old pain. It merely masks it for a while. It is like applying a painkiller to a deep infection without treating the source. The sickness remains and can grow worse because now you have added guilt to the original injury. Now you have the knowledge that you are engaging in something empty. Now you have layered fresh hurt upon the old. The awakened individual perceives this entire cycle. They see the wound. They see the desire rising to numb it. They see the regret that follows. And seeing it does not automatically stop it. Sometimes this very awareness makes it more acute because you are conscious of the pattern even as you are enacting [music] it. You are aware of the snare as your foot touches the trigger. Healing these core wounds demands a different approach. It requires facing them directly, staying present with them, allowing them to be felt without escaping into distraction or counterfeit comfort. This is profound work, the most difficult work there is. And many [music] people, even those who are spiritually aware, would rather wrestle with desire than undertake this deeper journey of mending. Because desire at least offers fleeting pleasure. The work of healing offers only the pain of the wound, at least initially. The fifth and final reason is the most contradictory of all. The very capacities that make you spiritually [music] receptive also make you susceptible. When you possess heightened perception, when you can feel the unity of all life, [music] you are vibrating at a very high level. Your consciousness is expanded. Your awareness is broad, but you still inhabit a physical form. [music] You are still made of bone and blood. You are still subject to all the instincts and [music] needs of the earthly self. And here is the strange truth. The higher your consciousness ascends, the more potent the gravitational pull toward the primal can become. It is as if existence itself seeks equilibrium. This is why so many spiritual guides, so many gifted teachers and healers [music] have encountered scandals of a physical nature. Not because their spiritual insights were fraudulent, [music] not because they were hypocrites, but because the combination of profound spiritual opening and an unintegrated physical self creates a precarious condition like a deeprooted tree without proper ground. The greater the height, the more dramatic the potential imbalance. The resolution to this is integration, but not the harsh self-punishing [music] kind of discipline that feels like a prison. rather the integration of caring for the whole being, spirit and body, mind and senses. [music] You cannot only ascend into spiritual realms and neglect the necessities of the physical vessel. You cannot only contemplate and meditate [music] and assume your earthly nature will manage itself. The body needs to be respected, nourished well, moved, rested, given wholesome touch and true connection, given outlets for creative force. When these needs are met in balanced ways, desire loses its overwhelming edge. When they are ignored or repressed, desire gains excessive power because it is attempting to address too many unmet needs at once. So, where does this leave us? How do we navigate this strange intersection of expanded [music] spiritual sensitivity and potent physical urges? First, we cease the [music] pretense that the tension does not exist. We stop pretending that awakened individuals are meant to exist entirely above this earthly complexity. The body is real. Urge is real. And to engage a real challenge, we must first admit it is present. Second, we cease fighting in solitude. The isolation I described is [music] a component of the trap. Desire flourishes in hidden places. It expands in secrecy. When we can locate just one other person to be truthful with, someone who will not shame us but will support us, the grip of desire begins to loosen. Not because speaking is a magical cure, but because isolation is what gives the struggle its strength. Third, we tend to [music] our wounds. This means abiding with the pain instead of fleeing from it. This means experiencing the loneliness instead of sedating it with false intimacy. This means looking directly at the old rejections and hurts and allowing them to be witnessed and acknowledged. It is arduous work, but it is the only work that creates genuine healing. Fourth, we learn to sit with our desire without being compelled [music] by it. This is perhaps the most advanced practice. When wanting arises, the impulse is to either indulge it or crush it. Both are reactive stances. Indulging leads to emptiness and regret. Suppressing leads to a eventual more powerful eruption. The middle path is to simply remain present with the sensation. To feel the fire of the urge without being driven to act on it, [music] to notice its nature, how it builds and recedes like a tide. To witness it as you would observe a weather pattern from a sheltered place. This requires immense inner strength. But it is in this space of mindful presence that real change occurs. Not because you are at war with the desire, but because you are neither indulging it nor fighting it. You are simply aware of it. And in that awareness, a transformation takes root. Finally, we remember that we are not defined by this conflict. We are not the urge nor the shame nor the struggle. We are the conscious space within which all of this unfolds. like the sky that holds the passing weather. Storms may arrive and depart. Clouds may form and dissolve, but the sky itself remains untouched and clear. When you can rest in this fundamental awareness, even briefly, the struggle loses its capacity to name you. [music] Yes, desire may still emerge. Yes, the tension may persist, but you are no longer fused with it. You are no longer convinced that this challenge is the core of your identity. The spiritually aware grapple with desire not because they are failing but because they are awake enough to experience the full spectrum of being human. They are sensitive enough to register every impulse, every current, every longing. And they are often isolated enough to face these forces without adequate support or community. But this very struggle as difficult as it is can become a profound instructor. It can reveal where we [music] are hurt and require mending. It can show us our authentic need for genuine human bonds, not poor imitations. It can humble us, reminding us that we are spiritual beings having a human experience with all that entails. [music] And it can deepen our empathy for every other person wrestling with their own inner conflicts and yearnings. The tension with desire is not proof of spiritual failure. It is often evidence of spiritual maturation, a growing into a fuller understanding of what it means to be both infinite consciousness and a finite creature. [music] Both awake and still very much learning how to live within that awakening. [music] So be compassionate with yourself. Be truthful about the challenge. Seek support when it is needed. Tend to your [music] old hurts. Practice being present with your urges without being governed by them. And remember, you are not walking this path alone. Every genuine mystic, every sage, every awakened soul [music] has traversed this same difficult terrain. The flesh has its limitations, yes, but the [music] spirit, when fully embraced, possesses a resilience that surpasses any passing craving. And the aware space that holds both flesh and spirit is [music] the deepest truth of all. If this perspective resonated with you and provided a new lens on this inner dynamic, please support this channel by liking this video. It truly helps winds of thought reach other seekers. Thank you for watching.

- Be Wise As Fu*k: Kind: captions Language: en What if you could see past every performance and understand someone's true nature in just two moments? We spend our lives analyzing people, their words, their achievements, their carefully crafted personas. But these are just costumes. The real person emerges not in the spotlight, but in the shadows. There are two specific situations that reveal everything you need to know about someone's fundamental character. The first revealing moment is how they act when there's absolutely nothing to gain. When no one influential is watching, when no reward is possible, when there's no advantage to be had. Do basic human decency and respect still guide their actions? or does their polite facade vanish the moment it serves no purpose? Most individuals can appear wonderfully considerate when it benefits them. The executive is patient when seeking investment. The romantic partner is attentive while pursuing affection. But what remains when the transaction concludes? What happens when you have nothing left to offer them? This is when the performance ends and reality appears. Observe how someone interacts with service staff who've already completed their task. Notice their demeanor toward people who hold no power over their life. Watch how they treat those who can offer them nothing but shared humanity. I once observed a corporate leader during a business dinner with potential partners. He was the picture of charm, laughing, listening, perfectly engaged. But when the server approached, he acted as if the young man were invisible. When a bus person accidentally brushed his chair, he responded with sharp irritation without pausing his important conversation. In those insignificant moments he believed didn't matter, his actual character revealed itself completely. True character isn't your behavior when being evaluated. It's your default behavior. When you believe no one important is watching, when there's no social credit available, no reputation to enhance, that's when your fundamental nature emerges, like water revealing its true level. Character is what remains when the audience goes home. The second profound reveal is spontaneous laughter. Not polite social laughter, but genuine uncontrolled amusement that escapes before the filters engage. Because laughter is one of our most honest responses. When someone finds genuine humor in cruelty, in others misfortune, in jokes that belittle and diminish, you're witnessing something authentic about their soul. They might deliver beautiful speeches about compassion. They might advocate for justice and equality. But if they're genuinely entertained by others pain, if they find humiliation amusing, if meanness disguised as humor makes them laugh, you've seen what actually lives in their heart. I recall someone who constantly spoke about spiritual enlightenment and human connection. Her social media reflected deep wisdom and compassion, but she would light up with genuine amusement. When hearing stories about embarrassing others, when conversation turned to cruel gossip, she leaned forward with engagement. There it was, the real person appearing in those unfiltered moments of finding joy in others discomfort. You can meticulously manage your words. You can carefully construct your image. You can present whatever version of yourself you want the world to see. But authentic laughter emerges from beyond your control. It comes from somewhere deeper than your strategic mind. Somewhere more honest than your social self. Show me what truly amuses a person, and I'll show you what they genuinely value. Show me what makes them laugh uncontrollably, and I'll show you their actual beliefs about other human beings. The person who laughs with pure joy at life's absurdities, at clever word play, at innocent moments, they're revealing something beautiful. The person who finds authentic entertainment in suffering, in weakness, in others struggles, they're revealing something entirely different. Now, you might think this seems overly simplistic. Human psychology is undoubtedly complex. We contain contradictions. We're capable of both, generosity and selfishness, sometimes within the same hour. But these two indicators behavior with nothing to gain and genuine amusement cut through the complexity. They bypass the strategic self, the image curator. They show you what happens when the internal controls disengage. Consider that everyone you meet is performing to some degree. They're playing the role of successful professional, caring friend, spiritual seeker, whatever identity they've constructed. Some performances are incredibly convincing, maintained for decades. But performing requires constant energy. It demands remembering your lines and hitting your marks. And there are moments, precious moments, when the effort relaxes. When people forget their acting, when they simply react. Those moments when no benefit is possible, that's when the performance drops. Why maintain courtesy for someone who can't help you? Why show respect to someone invisible to your social circle? Why treat a stranger with inherent dignity when nothing's at stake? If kindness was merely a strategy, it disappears. But if kindness is genuine, if it springs from something deeper than calculation, then it continues flowing naturally because being considerate isn't work. It's simply who you are. Similarly, those moments of authentic laughter are equally unguarded. Laughter happens too rapidly for the strategic mind to intercept. It emerges before you can consider appearances or implications. And so it reveals what actually exists beneath the careful construction. I'm not discussing occasional mistakes. Everyone has difficult days. Everyone experiences moments of impatience or thoughtlessness. I'm pointing toward patterns. The consistent way someone shows up when they believe the moment doesn't count. Their habitual response to others pain or joy. I knew a respected mentor once, famous for his wisdom. Students traveled far to learn from him. He spoke beautifully about interconnectedness and compassion for years. I was deeply impressed. Then I began noticing subtle details. How he overlooked the people preparing his meals. How he dismissed questions from students he deemed less intelligent. How he'd chuckle in a particular way when someone made an error or appeared foolish. Gradually I realized his beautiful words were merely words. The actual man, the one who existed when no benefit came from being the wise teacher, was completely different. Someone impatient with anyone who couldn't enhance his image, someone who found authentic amusement in others stumbling. The contrast between his performance and his reality became almost painfully clear. Here was someone teaching compassion while treating nearby people with casual disregard. Here was someone discussing ego transcendence while meticulously maintaining his identity as enlightened guide. The tragedy wasn't merely his hypocrisy, though that was significant. The deeper tragedy was that he seemed to genuinely believe his own performance. He thought the role he played was his actual self. This is what occurs when we ignore these two indicators. We become lost in people's narratives about themselves. We believe the performance. We confuse the actor with the character. Then we're shocked when the person we thought we understood turns out to be fundamentally different. But if you observe how someone behaves when nothing's in it for them, you won't be surprised. You'll perceive clearly. You'll understand who you're actually engaging with. And if you notice what genuinely amuses them, what makes them laugh when their guards drop, you'll comprehend what actually resides in their heart. Here's something fascinating. Once you begin noticing these two indicators in others, you'll start detecting them in yourself. You'll catch yourself being impatient with someone who can't advance your interests. You'll notice yourself finding humor in something cruel or mean-spirited. In those moments, you'll witness your own character revealing itself. This is actually positive awareness because you cannot change what you don't see. As long as you're identified with your own performance, as long as you believe your carefully constructed image is your true self, you're trapped. But when you start recognizing the gap between role and reality, between who you pretend to be and who you actually are, then transformation becomes possible. You might discover you're more patient than you assumed in some ways and less compassionate than you believed in others. You might find your spontaneous amusement reveals values you hadn't acknowledged. This honest self-observation without filters or justification is where genuine growth begins. Your unfiltered laughter reveals your uncompromised truth because character isn't fixed like a stone. It's more like a garden every time you choose not to laugh at cruelty. Even when others are amused, you're cultivating who you want to become. But first, you must see clearly. You must be willing to observe how you actually behave, not how you imagine you behave or wish you behaved. You must be willing to notice what genuinely amuses you, not what you believe should amuse you. The same applies to understanding others. We cannot perceive people clearly if we only watch their performance. We must observe the small moments, the unguarded reactions, the times they forget to manage their image. That's where truth resides. So here's my suggestion. Starting now, when you interact with people, notice how they treat those who can do nothing for them. Do they acknowledge the person cleaning their office? Do they express gratitude to the stranger holding the door? Do they respond patiently to the child interrupting their important discussion? And notice what creates their genuine laughter? Is their humor inclusive or exclusionary? Do they find joy in life's wonderful absurdities or in others failures? Do they laugh together with people or separately at them? You'll be astonished by what you discover. You'll see through countless performances. You'll understand people with clarity that previously seemed impossible. And perhaps most importantly, you'll begin seeing yourself more clearly, too. The art of perceiving character is remarkably straightforward. Don't primarily listen to what people say. Listen to what creates their unfiltered laughter. Watch what they do when nothing is at stake. Everything else is essentially theater costume and characterization. But these two indicators will show you reality every single time. And once you can perceive clearly, you can choose wisely. Not based on others performances, but based on who they fundamentally are when the curtain closes and the theater empties. This isn't about judging people. This is about perceiving reality, about recognizing truth instead of believing performances, about understanding that the most significant aspect of any person isn't what they claim to be, but what they demonstrate in the small moments they consider insignificant. Because those moments, those seemingly insignificant moments reveal more than anything else. If this perspective resonated with you, please support our community by liking this video and following Winds of Thought for more insights into human nature. Yeah.

- Psychological Persuasion: The Unseen Art: Kind: captions Language: en What if the most direct path to getting what you want is to stop asking for it entirely? We've all experienced this. You make a direct request only to be met with immediate resistance. You present a logical argument and it's countered with defensiveness. Yet, some individuals seem to navigate the world with an almost magical ease. They guide situations to their desired outcome, not through force, but through a kind of subtle gravity, making it appear as if everyone else arrived at the decision completely independently. This isn't magic. It's not manipulation in the crude sense. It's about understanding the fundamental, often overlooked quirk of human psychology. The moment you tell someone what to do, you trigger their innate need to defend their autonomy. They push back. Not necessarily because they disagree, but because they need to feel in control. Today we are exploring the subtle art of inverted influence. We will delve into 13 powerful methods to apply this understanding in your career, your relationships and your life. This is about replacing the struggle for control with the power of quiet attraction. Our journey begins with the foundational principle, the guided selection. Human beings possess a deep-seated non-negotiable need to defend their autonomy. This is true even when we are uncertain or hesitant, command us directly, and our instinct is to desire the opposite. History's most effective leaders, whether leading nations or small teams, intuitively understood this dynamic. When seeking loyalty, they didn't issue blunt demands or threats. Instead, they masterfully framed disloyalty as the more perilous, less honorable path. They made the desired choice, the smarter choice, while preserving the individual's feeling of agency. The sophisticated approach, therefore, is not to issue an order, but to architect a selection. You present a curated set of options, all of which exist within boundaries you have already defined. This is the architecture of choice. You create the beautiful illusion of control while quietly determining the playing field. Let's make this practical. Imagine you're a project manager. The direct and often ineffective approach would be we need to use this software for the project. Get trained on it. Now consider the approach of guided selection. You might say team we have two excellent paths forward. We can adopt software A which is userfriendly but has a history of bugs under heavy load or software B which has a steeper learning curve but offers proven rocksolid reliability for a project of our scale. I trust your judgment on which will serve us best in the long run. What just happened? You haven't commanded. You've counseledled. You've presented the facts, subtly highlighting the drawbacks of the path you don't prefer. You've ended with a statement of trust. And in doing so, they will now not choose your preferred option precisely to demonstrate their independence and good judgment. They own the decision, so they will defend it vigorously. That is the first power of inverted influence. The second method taps into one of the most potent drivers of human desire, scarcity. The quickest way to make someone want something is to position it as slightly out of reach. This isn't just about products. It's about ideas, access, and opportunities. Strategic leaders have applied this for millennia. They would present a new strategy or an alliance. Not as an obvious, yes, but as something potentially too radical, too demanding, or too advanced for conventional thinking. Suddenly, people don't just accept the idea. They begin to advocate for it. They defend it in meetings. They fight to make it happen. Why? Because they now believe they are part of an elite group challenging the status quo. They think they are defying caution and embracing innovation. The very act of overcoming this perceived barrier, the scarcity of the idea makes it more valuable to them. In reality, they are passionately advancing a predetermined agenda all while believing it was their own revolutionary thought. Imagine suggesting a new initiative to your colleagues. Instead of saying, "This is a great idea we should do." Try framing it as, "I have this concept, but I'm hesitant to even bring it up. It's quite ambitious and might be too much of a stretch for our current resources. It would require a team that's truly forwardthinking. You'll be amazed at how many people will now work to prove they are forwardthinking enough to belong inside. The third technique is the art of the unassuming proposal. This is about avoiding the application of excessive pressure. Instead of introducing an idea with the force of a sledgehammer, you place it gently on the table as if you are somewhat uncertain of its full merit. People are naturally resistant to overt dominance and certainty which can feel like an imposition, but they are curiously drawn to understated confidence. The quiet voice in the room that doesn't need to shout. Picture yourself in a brainstorming session. The forceful approach. My strategy is the only one that will work. We have to do this. This often creates silent resentment or open rebellion. Now, the unassuming proposal, it might not be the perfect solution, and I'd love to poke holes in it together, but it seems like it could potentially resolve the core issue we're facing with the supply chain. This phrasing is disarming. It invites collaboration instead of demanding submission. When intrigue supplants resistance, a fascinating shift occurs. They frequently become the ones persuading you of the idea's value. They start to see the merits. defend it from your own feigned skepticism. And ultimately, they become the champions for the very thing you desired from the start. You didn't sell it, you let them discover it. Now, let's combine two methods that work in beautiful harmony. The reflective loop and the power of poise. First, the reflective loop. This is rooted in a simple truth. Individuals trust conclusions they believe are their own far more than they will ever trust yours. Therefore, the goal is not to talk, but to listen. Here's how it works. If a colleague remarks, I feel we should proceed cautiously with the client, you don't rebut with, no, we need to be aggressive. Instead, you respond with the loop. That's a very valid point. A measured, cautious approach could actually enhance our strategic positioning and make us appear more confident. But you've also embedded your own angle by linking cautious to strategic positioning. When they reiterate the concept of strategic positioning, they won't recall that its origin was your subtle redirection. It has become in their mind their own sophisticated insight. This loop is made infinitely more powerful when paired with the power of poise. Nothing ignites engagement and curiosity more than perceived self-sufficiency. Composure is incredibly influential because it recalibrates the entire emotional equilibrium of an interaction. If you behave as though you are unaffected, unruffled, and not desperate for a particular outcome, others will begin to project their own investment onto you. They will wonder what you know that they don't. In negotiations, in leadership, in personal dynamics, appearing detached from the result grants you a subtle, unshakable form of authority. It creates a vacuum that others feel compelled to fill. People pursue what does not pursue them. Throughout history, formidable figures would allow others to believe they were the ones earning favor while silently controlling the very tempo of the interaction through their unwavering poise. Your calm becomes a magnet. The sixth method is a masterclass in reframing conflict. The standard predictable human reaction to a threat to an ultimatum is to meet it with a counter threat. This creates a tugofwar where everyone loses. The inverted reaction dismantles this entirely instead of warning. If you take that action, I will respond negatively. You calmly and confidently state you should absolutely proceed as you see fit. I will adjust my plans and my strategy accordingly. This simple statement reverses the entire psychological dynamic. You have not resisted. You have not given them a fight to prepare for. Now the other person is left in a state of disequilibrium. Equinimity. Why isn't he angry? Why isn't she worried? What does she know that I don't? Why is there no conflict? Their mind expecting a wall encounters open space. and it struggles to interpret this lack of resistance. In that void of expectation, they often begin to second guessess their own action. Frequently, they will modify their behavior not because you forced them, but simply to restore a predictable, understandable interaction. You have controlled the situation by refusing to be controlled by it. Now we delve deeper into the psychological realm with the emotional echo and the identity lever. The emotional echo is not about mimicking someone's words. It's about mirroring the underlying, often unspoken sentiment they are projecting. This is a dance of emotional calibration. When they are agitated and frantic, you become the calm, steady presence. doesn't mock their frenzy. It offers a sanctuary from it. When they are receptive and open, you are engaging and expansive. When they are withdrawn, you give them space. This reflective behavior disrupts their negative emotional loops and creates a powerful sense of safety. understand the music of their mood, not just the lyrics of their words. This accelerates the formation of deep trust and once that rapport is firmly established, guiding them becomes a natural extension of the relationship. They are open to your influence because they feel profoundly and genuinely understood. This trust allows you to employ the identity lever, which is perhaps one of the most elegant methods. Every person maintains a cherished self-concept, a story they tell themselves about who they are. I'm a problem solver. I'm a loyal friend. You don't dictate their actions. You appeal to this internal image. For instance, you don't declare you are wrong about the sales data. Instead, you lever their identity. You're typically so insightful with data analysis. This particular interpretation seems uncharacteristic of your usual sharp eye. What follows is not an argument with you, but a internal reconciliation within them. Their ego is now motivated to rectify the discrepancy. Not because you instructed them, but because they need to align their actions with their valued selfperception. You guide them by engaging their own identity, making them the hero of their story who must correct their own course. As we progress, we encounter methods of subtle disruption and strategic sacrifice. The seed of uncertainty and the strategic yield. Sometimes persuasion isn't about building up your own argument. gently introducing a single thoughtful doubt into the foundation of theirs. This is the seed of uncertainty. You aren't directly contesting their belief. You're converting their absolute certainty into quiet contemplation. Imagine a debate where someone states a fact with absolute confidence. The direct challenge that's not true creates a battle. The seeding of uncertainty is far more subtle. I was recalling a report that presented a slightly different nuance, stated your fact. You've simply introduced a maybe. You've planted a seed. Once they begin internally justifying their stance to themselves, searching for evidence to reconfirm their belief, your objective is largely achieved. You've moved the conflict from between the two of you to within their own mind. This is perfectly complemented by the strategic yield. Tacticians and generals throughout history would retreat on a minor front, fostering overconfidence and complacency in their opponents. When someone believes they have triumphed, their vigilance decreases and their defenses come down. That is the moment when true influence can be introduced unnoticed. In your own life, if you encounter someone particularly resistant, try genuinely agreeing with them on a small non-critical point. You know, you're right. I hadn't considered that aspect. Thank you for pointing it out. Observe how rapidly they become more amenable, their guard lowered, now more open to your subsequent, more important suggestions. You yielded a battle to win the war. Our final trio of methods deals with perception and power. To make your proposal appear exceptionally attractive, you don't just present it in isolation. You juxtapose it against a clearly inferior alternative. This is the contrast effect. You illuminate the shortcomings, risks, and chaos of the other path. When framed this way, your desired outcome emerges as the only sane, rational, and peaceful selection. Peace becomes immensely appealing when contrasted with the turmoil of conflict. A reliable partner becomes invaluable when contrasted with a flaky one. You guide through comparison rather than through command. You are not telling them what to choose. You are simply making one choice look undeniably better by showing them the ugliness of the other. And what gives you the space to create this contrast? The strength of silence. In a world addicted to noise, the person who can comfortably hold silence holds immense power. Most people find extended quiet deeply unsettling. In a negotiation, after making a point, just wait. In a conversation, after being asked a difficult question, pause. They will rush to fill the void you create. They will explain further. They will make concessions. They will rationalize their position. All of which grants you information and leverage. Remaining silent allows their own words to hang in the air. Sometimes creating the constraints that bind them. Speaking less cultivates intrigue. People will project their own fears, assumptions, and hopes onto your silence. And in that mental space, they inadvertently grant you influence over the narrative. Your silence isn't empty. It's full of potential. We arrive at our 13th and final method. This brings us full circle back to the human need for autonomy and self- validation. The most compelling form of guidance is often gentle, almost imperceptible resistance. Tell someone this concept might be too complex to grasp immediately and they will strive with all their might to comprehend it. Suggest a potential soft limitation. I'm not sure if we have the resources for that ambitious a goal. And they will work diligently to overcome it, to prove you wrong, all while believing the motivation was entirely their own. You haven't commanded. You've challenged. And a challenge is an invitation to prove one's worth, which is an offer few can refuse. So what is the common thread that runs through all 13 of these methods? It is a profound alignment with human nature rather than a opposition to it. These principles recognize that pride, the desire for self-determination, and the deep-seated need to maintain a positive self-image are frequently more powerful motivators than pure logic or direct instruction. When you enable people to protect their dignity while moving in a desired direction, you won't need to persuade them overtly. they will persuade themselves about being the loudest voice in the room. Reflect for a moment. How often has someone gained your cooperation by appearing curiously indifferent? How many times has a supervisor or a partner allowed you to choose a foreign pre-selected option, making you feel smart and independent? These occurrences are not random. They are applications of nuanced psychological insight. The ultimate objective here is not control but comprehension. It is to cease arguing and to begin framing, to stop pursuing and to start attracting. Your most potent asset in any interaction is a quiet unassalable assurance. The instant you visibly reach for control, you often lose it. The moment you dictate an action, you remind others of their power to refuse. But when they are convinced the idea originated in their own mind, they will defend it, nurture it, and fight for it as if it were their own child. That is the apex of inverted influence. It's subtle, it's efficient, and it is remarkably effective. The fundamental drivers of the human heart haven't changed. People still value their autonomy above almost all else. They still seek the feeling of self-direction. And when you learn to work with that innate powerful you can navigate the most complex situations with grace, all while others believe with full conviction that they are in the lead. This is about mastering understanding, employing deception. It's about making your guidance feel intuitive. Once you internalize this, you stop struggling for authority and begin attracting it naturally. If this perspective on the subtle forces that shape our interactions resonated with you, one of these methods to create more harmony and effectiveness in your life, then please let us know by liking this video. For deeper explorations into the psychology of influence, leadership, and personal mastery, subscribe to Winds of Thought. Share on this journey. Thank you for watching. Remember, the most powerful influence is often the one that is never seen.

- Alan Watts - Myth of Myself Full Lecture Part 1 - Alan Watts Organization Official: Kind: captions Language: en I believe that if we are honest with ourselves, that the most fascinating problem in the world is “Who am I?” What do you mean, what do you feel when you say the word “I”, “I, Myself”? I do not think there can be any more fascinating preoccupation than that because it is so mysterious, it’s so elusive. Because what you are in your inmost being escapes your examination in rather the same way that you can not look directly into your own eyes without using a mirror, you can’t bite your own teeth, you can’t taste your own tongue and you can’t touch the tip of this finger with the tip of this finger. And that is why there is always an element of profound mystery in the problem of who we are. This problem has fascinated me for many years and I have made many enquiries “What do you mean by the word I?” And there is a certain consensus about this, a certain agreement, especially among people who live in Western civilization. Most of us feel “I” – ego, myself, my source of consciousness – to be a center of awareness and of a source of action that resides in the middle of a bag of skin and so we have what I have called the conception of ourselves as a skin-encapsulated ego. It is very funny how we use the word “I”, if we just refer to com­mon speech, we are not accustomed to say, “I am a body.” We rather say, “I have a body.” We do not say, “I beat my heart” in the same way as we say, “I walk, I think, I talk.” We feel that our heart beats itself, and that has nothing very much to do with “I.” In other words, we do not regard “I, myself” as identical with our whole physical organism. We regard it as something inside it, and most Western people locate their ego inside their heads. You are somewhere between your eyes and between your ears, and the rest of you dangles from that point of reference. It is not so in other cultures. When a Chinese or Japanese person wants to locate the center of himself, he points (here, not here, here) to what Japanese call the kokoro or the Chinese call shin, the heart-mind. Some people also locate themselves in the solar plexus, but by and large we locate ourselves behind the eyes and somewhere between the ears. As if within the dome of the skull there was some sort of arrangement such as there is at the SAC (Air Force) headquarters in Denver where there are men in great rooms surrounded with radar screens and all sorts of things, and earphones on, watching all the movements of planes all over the world. So, in the same way, we have really the idea of ourselves as a little men inside our heads who has earphones on which bring messages from the ears, and who has a television set in front of him which brings messages from the eyes, and all sorts of electrode things all over his body giving him signals from the hands, and so on. He has a panel in front of him with buttons and dials and things, and so he more or less controls the body. But he is not the same as the body because “I” am in charge of what are called the voluntary actions, and what are called the involuntary actions of the body they hap­pen to me. I am pushed around by them, but to some extent also I can push my body around. This, I have concluded, is the ordinary, average conception of what is one’s self. Look at the way children, influenced by our cul­tural environment, ask questions. “Mommy, who would I have been if my father had been someone else?” You see, the child gets the idea from our culture that the father and mother gave him a body into which he was popped at some moment; whether it was conception or whether it was parturition is a little bit vague, but there is in our whole way of thinking the idea that we are a soul, a spiritual essence of some kind, imprisoned inside a body. And that we look out upon a world that is foreign to us, in the words of the poet Housman: “I, a stranger and afraid, in a world I never made.” So therefore we speak of confronting reality, facing the facts. We speak of coming into this world, and this whole sensation that we are brought up to have of being an island of consciousness locked up in a bag of skin, facing outside us, a world that is pro­foundly alien to us in the sense that what is outside “me” is not me, this sets up a fundamental sensation of hostility and estrangement between ourselves and the so-called external world. Therefore we go on to talk about the conquest of nature, the conquest of space, and view ourselves in a kind of battle array towards the world outside us. I shall have much more to say about that in the second lecture, but in the first now I want to examine the strange feeling of being an isolated self. Now actually it is absolutely absurd to say that we came into this world. We did not: we came out of it! What do you think you are? Supposing this world is a tree. Are you leaves on its branches or are you a bunch of birds that settled on a dead old tree from somewhere else? Surely everything that we know about living organ­isms – from the standpoint of the sciences – shows us that we grow out of this world, that we, each one of us, are what you might call a symptoms of the state of the uni­verse as a whole. But you see, that is not part of our com­mon sense. Western man has, for many centuries, been under the influence of two great myths. When I use the word “myth” I don’t necessarily mean falsehood. To me the word myth signifies a great idea in terms of which man tries to make sense with the world; it may be an idea, it may be an image. Now the two images which have most profoundly influenced Western man are: number one – the image of the world as an artifact, like a carpenter’s table or a jar made by a potter. Indeed, in the Book of Genesis there comes the idea that man was originally a clay figurine made out of the Earth by the Lord God who then breathed into this clay figurine and gave it life. The whole of Western thought is profoundly influenced through and through by the idea that all things – all events, all peo­ple, all mountains, all stars, all flowers, all grasshoppers, all worms, everything – are artifacts; they have been made. And it is therefore natural for a Western child to say to its moth­er, “How was I made?” That would be quite an unnatural question for a Chinese child, because the Chinese do not think of nature as something made. They look upon it as something that grows, and the two processes are quite different. When you make something you put it together: you assemble parts, or you carve an image out of wood or stone, working from the outside to the inside. But when you watch something grow, it works in an entirely different way. It doesn’t assemble parts. It expands from within and gradually complicates itself, expanding outwards, like a bud blossoming, like a seed turning into a plant. But behind our whole thought in the West is the idea that the world is an artifact, that it is put together by a celestial architect, carpenter, and artist, who therefore knows how it was done. When I was a lit­tle boy and I asked many questions which my mother could not answer, she used to resort in desperation to saying, “My dear, there are some things that we are not meant to know,” and I would say, “Well, will we ever find out?” And she said, “Yes, when we die and we go to Heaven it will all be made clear.” And I used to think that on wet afternoons in Heaven we would all sit around the throne of grace and say to the Lord God, “Now, just why did you do it this way, and how did you manage at that?” and He would explain it and make it all very clear. All questions would be answered because, as we have in popular theology understood the Lord God, He is the mastermind who knows everything. And if you ask the Lord God exactly how high is Mount Whitney to the nearest millimeter, He would know exactly like that, and would tell you. Any question, because He is like the Encyclopedia Britannica. Unfortunately, this particular image, or myth, became too much for Western man because it was oppressive to feel that you are known through and through, and watched all the time by an infinitely just judge. I have a friend, a very enlightened woman, she is a Catholic convert, but very enlightened Catholic, and in her bathroom she has on the pipe that connects the tank with the toilet seat a little framed picture of an eye. And underneath in Gothic letters is written “Thou God seest me.” Everywhere is this eye – watching, watching, watching – watching and judging you, so that you always feel you are never really by yourself. The old gen­tleman is observing you and writing notes in his black book, and this became too much for the West, became oppressive. They had to get rid of it, and so instead we got another myth, the myth of the purely mechanical universe. This was invented at the end of the eighteenth century, became increasingly fashionable throughout the course of the nineteenth century and well into the twentieth century, so that today it is common sense. Very few people today really believe in God in the old sense. They say they do, but they really hope there is a God, they don’t really have faith in God. They fervently wish that there was one, and feel that they ought to believe that there is, but the idea of the universe being ruled by that marvelous old gentle­man is no longer plausible. It isn’t that anybody has disproved it, but it just somehow does not go with the vast infinitude of galaxies and of the immense light-year distances between them, and so on. Instead, it has become fashionable, and it is noth­ing more than a fashion, to believe that the universe is dumb, stupid, that intelligence, values, love, and fine feelings reside only within the bag of the human epi­dermis, and outside that it is simply a kind of a chaotic, stupid interaction of blind forces. Courtesy of Dr. Freud, for example, biological life is based on something called “libido,” which was a very, very loaded word. Blind, ruthless, uncomprehending lust, that’s the foundation of the human unconscious, and similarly to thinkers of the nineteenth century like Ernst Hegel, even Darwin, and T.H. Huxley and so on, there was this notion that at the root of being is an energy, and this energy is blind. This energy is just energy, and it is utterly and totally stupid, and our intelligence is an unfortunate accident. By some weird freak of evolution we came to be these feeling and rational beings, more or less rational, and this is a ghastly mistake because here we are in a universe that has nothing in common with us. It does not share our feelings, has no real interest in us, we are just a sort of cosmic fluke. And therefore, the only hope for mankind is to beat this irrational universe into sub­mission, and conquer it, master it. Now all of this is perfectly idiotic. If you would think that the idea of the universe has been the creation of a benevolent old gentle­man, although He is not so benevolent, He takes sort of “this hurts me more than it is going to hurt you”, sort of attitude to things. You can have that on the one hand, and if that becomes uncomfort­able you can exchange it for its opposite, the idea that the ultimate reality does not have any intelligence at all, at least that would get rid of the old bogey in the sky in exchange for a picture of the world that is completely stupid. Now, these ideas don’t make any sense, especially the last one, because you cannot get an intelligent organism, such as a human being, out of an unintelligent universe. The same in the New Testament, that figs do not grow on thistles nor grapes on thorns – applies equally to the world. You do not find an intelligent organism living in an unintelligent environment. Look, here is a tree in the garden, and every summer it produces apples; and we call it an apple tree because the tree “apples” – that’s what it does. All right? Now, here is a solar system inside a galaxy, and one of the peculiarities of this solar system is that, at least on the planet earth, it “peoples” in just the same way that an apple tree “apples.” Now, maybe two million years ago, somebody came from another galaxy in a flying saucer and had a look at this solar system, and they looked it over and shrugged their shoulders and said, “Just a bunch of rocks,” and they went away. Later on, maybe two million years later, they came around and they looked at it again and they said, “Excuse me, we thought it was a bunch of rocks but it is peopling, and it is alive after all; it has done something intelligent.” Because you see, we grow out of this world in exactly the same way that the apples grow on the apple tree. If evolution means anything, it means that. But you see, we curiously twist it. We say, “Well, first of all in the beginning there was nothing but gas and rock. And then intelligence happened to arise in it like a sort of fungus or slime on the top of the whole thing.” And we are thinking in a way that disconnects the intelligence from the rocks. Where there are rocks, watch out, watch out! because the rocks are going eventually to come alive and they are going to have people crawling over them. It is only a matter of time, just in the same way as the seed, the acorn is eventually going to turn into the oak because it has the potentiality of that within it. Rocks are not dead. You see, it depends on what kind of attitude you want to take to the world. If you want to put the world down, you say, “Oh well, fundamentally it is only just a lot of geology, it’s a stupidity, and it so happens that a kind of a freak comes up in it which we call consciousness.” That is an attitude that you take when you want to prove to people that you are a tough guy, that you are realistic, that you face facts, and that you don’t indulge in wishful thinking. It’s just a matter of role-playing, and you must be aware of these things; they’re fashions in the intellectual world. On the other hand, if you feel warm­hearted towards the universe, you put it up, instead of putting it down, and you say about rocks, “They are really conscious, but a very primitive form of conscious­ness.” Because, after all, when I take even this crystal here, which is glass, and go (I tap on it), well it makes a noise. And that response, that resonance is an extremely primitive form of consciousness. Our consciousness is much more subtle than that, but when you hit a bell and it rings, you touch a crystal and it responds, inside itself it has a very simple reaction. It goes “jangle” inside, whereas we go “jangle” with all sorts of colors and lights and intelligence, ideas, and thoughts, it is more complicated. But both are equally conscious, but conscious in different degrees. That is a perfectly acceptable idea. It’s just the opposite of the idea, you see, all I am saying is that minerals are a rudimentary form of consciousness, whereas the other people are saying that consciousness is a complicated form of minerals. You see? What they want to do is to say everything is kind of bleh, whereas what I want to say is “Hooray! Let’s a life is a good show!”

  Top Comments:
  1. @coopart1 [2 likes]: So wonderful to still have access to ACTUAL Alan Watts video audio lectures
  2. @TheMeaningOfLife68 [1 likes]: Alan Watts Organization Official
  3. @sketcheverything-u5g [1 likes]: Alan watt = the hope ❤❤❤
  4. @renewed-m1q [1 likes]: 👑👑
  5. @Cl4rendon [1 likes]: Thank you for everything Alan Watts. 
Your words soothe my heart and makes me resonate with life ❤
  6. @m.j.s.3838 [1 likes]: I never tire of these lectures.
  7. @COACTUSFECI2 [1 likes]: me,mySELF&I😁 the trinity
  8. @BrandonGrannum [1 likes]: When I say I my self I feel I can do anything 🎉
  9. @GomezMichellett [1 likes]: 😂“So good!”
  10. @SungsooAhn-l4n [1 likes]: I am thousand winds.
I am who wasn't born so who will not die.
  11. @SungsooAhn-l4n [1 likes]: I'm inhale and exhale.
  12. @BulletheadVladimirtaltosDracul: Existence proves god. To even be able to notice ones problems is in itself a miracle.  Look around.  Do any of you see. Your here. Is that not enough.
  13. @BulletheadVladimirtaltosDracul: What this guy forgets.  Is vanity is the first door to all. Ego theft murder all vanity.  And this is aldo vanity.
  14. @BulletheadVladimirtaltosDracul: Chinese also eat everything.  Which is also ego.
  15. @philstevens9914: They didn't ask to be born. They are just trying to survive. They are afraid of everything. I live in an area with a lot of dairy farms and there are many strays around here. In September last year, I took in a pregnant mum cat and 8 days later she presented me with her 5 accessories. They are 8 months old now and destroying everything. Patience is something you have to learn, especially with these little buggers.
  16. @dawiszarins2088: How do the graphite microcrystalline structures, referred to as NDCS, contribute to providing sufficient electrons for the redox reactions in sodium-ion batteries, and in what manner does this electron-providing capability translate into improved multiplicative performance during battery cycling?
  17. @Manders-q2y: Where Watts errs by rejecting uncertainty. There's nothing wrong with accepting uncertainty and admitting, "I don't know." Instead, he claims to know about things for which he only has intuition and no evidence.
  18. @pelgervampireduck: No dumbass, it makes a sound because you are hitting it, not because it's concious. This is one of the stupidest things I've ever heard.
  19. @shareefcondon: "I " is the soul.   
The self and the soul
 is the same word in Arabic
  20. @SungsooAhn-l4n: I am a self who is intricately woven to the supreme being.

- Trust The Universe - Alan Watts On Finding Zen: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] once upon a time there was a Zen student who quoted an old Buddhist poem to his teacher which says the voices of Torrance are from one great tongue the lines of the hills are the pure body of Buddha isn't that right he said to the teacher it is said the teacher but it's a Pity to say so it would be of course much better if this occasion were celebrated with no talk at all and if I addressed you in the manner of the ancient teachers of Zen I should hit the microphone with my fan and leave because Zen is a way of life a state of being that is not possible to embrace in any concept whatsoever so that any concepts any ideas any words that I shall put across to you this evening will have as their object showing you the limitations of words and of thinking now then if one must try to say something about what Zen is and I want to do this by way of introduction I must make it emphatic that Zen in its Essence is not a Doctrine there's nothing you're supposed to believe in and it's not a philosophy in our sense that is to say a set of ideas an intellectual net in which one tries to catch the fish of reality actually the fish of reality is more like water it always slips through the net and in water you know when you get into it there's nothing to hang on to all this universe is like water it is fluid it is transient it is changing and when you're thrown into the water after being accustomed to living on the dry land you're not used to the idea of swimming you try to stand on the water you try to catch hold of it and as a result you drown the only way to survive in the water and this refers particularly to the Waters of modern philosophical confusion where God is dead metaphysical propositions are meaningless and there's really nothing to hang on to because we're all just falling apart and the only thing to do under those circumstances is to learn how to swim and to swim you you relax you let go you give yourself to the water and you have to know how to breathe in the right way and then you find that the water holds you up indeed in a certain way you become the water and so in the same way one might say if one attempted to again I say misleadingly to put Zen into any sort of concept it simply comes down to this that in this universe there is one great energy and we have no name for it people have tried various names for it like God like Brahman like da but in the west the word God has got so many funny associations attached to it that most of us are bored with it when people say God the Father Almighty most people feel funny inside and so we like to hear new words we like to hear about da about Brahman about uh shingo and uh paata and such strange names from the Far East because they don't carry the same associations of moish sanctimony and funny meanings from the past and actually some of these words that the Buddhists use for the Basic Energy of the world really don't mean anything at all the word Tata which is translated from the Sanskrit into suchness or thusness or something like that uh really means something more like d based on the word t which in Sanskrit means that in Sanskrit it is said that thou art or in modern American you're it but d d That's the first sound a baby makes when it comes into the world because the baby looks around says d d that and fathers flatter themselves and think it's saying Dada which means Daddy but according to Buddhist philosophy all this universe is one tatata that means 10 10,000 functions or 10,000 Things One suchness and we're all one suchness and that means suchness comes and goes like everything else because this whole world is an on andof system as the Chinese say it's the Yang and the yin and therefore it consists of now you see it now you don't here you are here you aren't because that's the very nature of energy to be like waves and waves have crests and troughs only we being under a certain kind of sleepiness or Illusion imagine that the trough is going to overcome the wave or the crest the yin the dark principle is going to overcome the Yang or the light principle and that off is finally going to triumph over on and we shall I say bug ourselves by indulging in that illusion gee supposing Darkness did win out wouldn't that be terrible and so we're constantly trembling and thinking that it may because after all isn't it odd that anything exists it's most peculiar it requires effort it energy and it would be so much easier for there to have been nothing at all therefore we think well since being since the is side of things is so much effort you always give up after a while and you sink back into death but death is just the other face of energy and it's the rest the not being anything around that produces something around just in the same way that you can't have solid without space or space without solid when you wake up to this and realize that uh the more it changes the more it's the same thing as the French say that you are really a playing of this one energy and there is nothing else but that that it is you but that uh for you to be always you would be an insufferable bore and therefore it is arranged that you stop being you after a while and then come back as someone else altogether and so when you find that out you become full of energy and Delight as Blake said energy is eternal delight and you suddenly see through the whole sham of things you real I you you're that we won't put a name on it you're that and you can't be anything else so you are relieved of fundamental Terror that doesn't mean that you're always going to be a great hero that you won't jump when you hear it bang that you won't worry occasionally that you won't lose your temper it means though that fundamentally deep deep down within you you will be able to be human so it is then that uh if I may put it metaphorically janga said the perfect man employs his mind as a mirror it grasps nothing it refuses nothing it receives but does not keep in other words this is to be put it very strictly into our modern idiom this is to live without hangup that is to say to be able to drift like a cloud and flow like water seeing that all life is a magnificent illusion a playing of energy and there is absolutely nothing fundamentally to be afraid of

  Top Comments:
  1. @edmonlessley4932 [1 likes]: Whoever made and shared this video....thank you.
  2. @Shot_by_soltis: Christ is king in the end you can chase whatever you want or be ignorant in any way you want but in the end it all leads to Christ
  3. @TheMeaningOfLife68: Trust The Universe - Alan Watts On Finding Zen
  4. @Konneelius: I cannot seperate real alan watts from AI anymore :(
  5. @scott2574: What is up with all the bot comments pushing the same book? Weird.
  6. @ALMACAMINO-f6b: I have been alone my whole life, no friends and not enough social skills to get a girlfriend, the frustration I feel is enough to make me want to yell, but I am better than that, practicing zen helps me stay focused  and present. “The root of all suffering is attachment to a desire”
  7. @snoop218: Ai
  8. @FireBullWhiskey: Boomer wisdom has no place in the future. This melancholy horseshit is fruitless. Prepare for war.
  9. @Lissybee: 🤍🤍🤍🤍
  10. @surroundedsou1: I just want to get loved
  11. @surroundedsou1: AI?
  12. @soli5257: What if the universe is talking to us, and people tell us we are crazy because we see the world like God? The universe talks to priests, but if we, the ordinary people, say it talks to us, we are called crazy
  13. @soli5257: We are whater
  14. @franklee6301: This is drivel for privladged twats. Try telling this garbage to the starving kids of the world.
  15. @rachacha1385: I think this is the best words ever spoken
  16. @user-kd6tb2qx6v: Thankk you ❤
What is the tune in the background?
  17. @EmmaRobertson-z9r: I cannot explain Zen 
I can only describe how Zen makes me feel
  18. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: إن رسالة التوحيد—الإسلام—ليست مجرد طقوس، بل هي الحقيقة الكونية الوحيدة التي ربطت الأرض بالسماء منذ آدم عليه السلام، حيث أرسل الله الرسل (نوح، إبراهيم، موسى، عيسى، محمد) بمنهج واحد: عبادة الخالق الواحد، وهو ما يوافق تماماً منطق العلم الحديث في وحدة قوانين الكون (Monism/Universal Laws)؛ فكما أن الكون محكوم بقوانين فيزيائية ثابتة وموحدة في كل بقعة، كان لا بد أن يكون الخالق واحداً، والرسالة واحدة، ليتحرر الإنسان من عبادة المادة إلى عبادة مُبدع المادة. إن الإلحاد يضطر لتفسير هذا الاتساق البديع بالصدفة، بينما التوحيد يفسره بحكمة المصمم، وهو ما ينسجم مع أرقى درجات البحث العلمي الذي يقرّبنا من حقيقة أن الكون صُمم بذكاء ليدل على وحدانية مُبدعه...
  19. @youarethecreator: In physics that "god" is just a synchronic order of individual desires, on every vibrational level/frequency, in a kind of a multidimensional "fish net".

When we "experience" something our own multidimensional movement of electrons meet the multidimensional movement of electrons of the observation ("thing"), and therefore the wave function of energy collapses, and a wave turns into a point = experience, realization.

We can observe only one reality at a time, and therefore according to our beliefs (active thoughts) and emotions we REALIZE the energy vibration as a certain kind of observation in eternity (there is no time). 

So the vibrational level of a human observer is always based on beliefs and emotions right now. There is no past and every becoming moment turns into a present moment.

Also:  the frequency of a "happy man with a manifested hat" is different from the frequency of a "happy man without a hat".

Every moment is totally unique and always just a subjective dreamlike state, because nothing really exists, including us as observers. And without an observer there is nothing, and therefore every observer has an unique vibration and unique relationship with the so called "reality" (=observed, focused energy vibration).  Which means: There is no collective reality.
  20. @ahandlethatnolongerexists: deepest 10 minutes of my life

- The Bizarre Life of Alan Watts: Kind: captions Language: en but our whole culture our whole civilization in so far as it is involved with time and living only for a future is nuts it's not all here we are not awake we are not completely alive now the bizarre life of Alan Watts Alan Watts born in England and living most of his life in the United States was a writer speaker and philosopher what was best known for making Japanese Chinese and Indian spiritual traditions in the form of Buddhism taoism and Hinduism entertainingly accessible to wide and popular audience throughout the world Alan Watts also played a pivotal and Central role in the spiritual Revolution That Shook the religious status quo of the United States during the 1960s this change in the religious consciousness of the US brought to the American public ancient teachings from Hinduism Buddhism Sufism esoteric Christianity and other mystical religious traditions this spiritual Revolution changed the United States in ways that are still felt today yoga meditation chanting vegetarian diets non-violent protests therapies of all kinds feminism equal rights herbal and alternative medicines and treatments and much much more were all first introduced to Americans in the 1960s and were products of the spiritual Revolution you can't transform yourself you can't make yourself sane you can't make yourself loving you can't make yourself unselfish [Applause] and yet it's absolutely necessary that we be that way for many spiritual seekers in the United States and other parts of the Western World Alan Watts was their trusted guide through this incredible spiritual change Edwards treaty disease unfamiliar and sometimes extremely unfamiliar religious Traditions paths and practices in a very readable and accessible writing style the LA Times newspaper said of Alan Watts perhaps the foremost interpreter of Eastern disciplines for the Contemporary West Alan Watts had the rare gift of writing beautifully the unrightable Watts begins with scholarship and intellect and proceeds with art and eloquence to the frontiers of the spirit a fascinating entry into the deepest ways of knowing from the beginning of the 2000s Alan Watts was rediscovered as his lectures and talks became available on YouTube and across the internet today his is perhaps more popular and well known than ever awesome to really understand the spiritual revolution of the 1960s in the United States in which Alan Watts played such an important part we need to go back to 1893. 1893 was the year that the first parliament of world religions was held in Chicago this first parliament of world religions was an attempt to create a dialogue between the different faiths throughout the world the speakers came from all over the globe they came from Buddhism Hinduism Islam Jainism Christianity and many other faiths of those many speakers two speakers stood out from the rest those two speakers would not only lay the groundwork for the spiritual life and evolution of Alan Watts but also for the later spiritual revolution of the 1960s they were an Indian Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda and soyan shaku a Zen Buddhist monk now considered the founder of Zayn Buddhism in America in a powerful and commanding voice addressed the parliament with the words and the crowd burst into a standing ovation which lasted for two minutes Swami Vivekananda was sent to America by his spiritual Master the legendary Indian Saint and sage ramakrishna and it would be this speech that would initiate the American vedanta Society of America and awaken an interest in Hinduism for many Americans from the turn of the century numerous branches of the vedanta society opened Across America but the most well-known Branch was probably the vedanta temple in Hollywood which was opened in 1938 Alan Watts would visit the vedanta temple in Hollywood many times from the 1940s onwards on many occasions getting into profound discussions on the nature of spiritual life and practice with the habit of the temple Swami prabhavananda the other speaker who would indirectly be an influence on Alan Watts was the Zen Buddhist monk so Yin shaku it was soyen shaku who after returning to Japan from the U.S would direct his student the Zen Buddhist practitioner and Scholar d.t Suzuki to travel to America and teach Zen DT Suzuki lectured and wrote about Zen for almost 70 years in the 1940s When Alan Watts first arrived in America from England he was an Anglican priest with a master's degree in theology who also had a passion for Asian thought and culture Alan Watts first book The Spirit of Zen was influenced by DT Suzuki when he met him in London just before he traveled to the United States once in the U.S Watts became a chaplain at Northwestern University near Chicago and stays there all through World War II however when the war ended Watts moved to the West Coast and taught at the school of Asian studies in San Francisco it was during this time that he also joined the Los Angeles vedanta Society visited the Hollywood vedanta Temple and met Swami prabhavananda [Music] Watts kept writing too during this time he produced two important books the way of Zen and Psychotherapy East and West it was these two books that began to greatly expand watt's reputation the way of Zen traces the origins of Zen Buddhism is a synthesis of taoism and Buddhism it also urges that Western philosophy is severely limited by its adherence to logic while Eastern philosophy transcends these logical boundaries Psychotherapy East and West is still considered today one of the most important books about the differences between Western Psychotherapy and Eastern spiritual practices these books had and continue to have a profound effect on their readers but it was in 1953 when Waltz began talks on a radio station in Berkeley California that he began to attract large numbers of interested and regular listeners world's popularity steadily grew from this point onwards until by the 1960s he was a central figure in the alternative culture movement of the times Alan Watts however during his life struggled with demons that would eventually kill him however as Watts Fame grew so did his drinking Watts had always been a heavy smoker but now he began to drink up to a liter of gin a day as well by the early 1970s friends of Watts had become very concerned about his drinking and feared that it had developed into full-blown alcoholism on returning to his cabin in Northern California on 16th of November 1973. that morning Alan Watts was found deceased Wards would die of alcoholism at the relatively young age of 58 years old in mysterious circumstances that remained fully unexplained to this day Waltz had been treated for a heart condition however before any autopsy or even an examination by a doctor could be performed Alan Watts's body was taken to a nearby Beach and cremated Alan Watts was discovered deceased at 6am and by 8 30 am his body had been cremated with half his ashes already scattered on the beach and the other half buried underneath his nearby library the speed at which all this was done inspired many conspiracy theories however what some marqu Watts explained that his father was aware of his impending death and had meticulously planned what was to happen after he died regardless Watts left this planet a much better place Walt's Central philosophy can be summed up thus drawing on Hinduism taoism pantheism and model science Watts understood the universe as engaged in a cosmic play of Hide and Seek in other words God or the whole had split itself into many many parts and was in the process of rediscovering itself the godhead intentionally forgets itself so as to play the game of rediscovery Watts therefore believed that our egos are a myth and are in fact temporary and contingent expressions of the whole people say you can't change human nature overnight you're asking us to give up the EGO and that's the most difficult of all things to do actually it isn't because the ego doesn't exist in many of the books that he wrote in his lifetime Waltz also expressed his Keen interest in the patterns that occur in nature and which are repeated as a micro and macro scales Watts believed that these patterns are also repeated and reflected in humankind's history of civilizations through his books and lectures what's influenced many writers artists intellectuals and others around the globe when the Zen Buddhist teacher shunri of Suzuki students criticized Alan Watts by commenting that we used to think he was profound until we found the real thing shunriu Suzuki turned to them and said forcefully you completely missed the point about Alan Watts you should notice what he has done he's a great bodhisattva of himself Alan Watts said in his autobiography in my own way I am a sedentary and contemplative character an intellectual abrahman a Mystic and also somewhat of a disreputable Epicurean who has three wives seven children and five grandchildren however many readers and listeners of Alan Watts writing and talks agree with the writer Elsa gidlow when she says Alan Watts writings and recorded talks still Shimmer with a profound and galvanizing lucidity foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @lazyleaf7679: I've learned a bit from him. One thing is too not fuss over things that are out of your control or ignoring toxic people. All they want is a reaction. It's your choice to give it to them.
  2. @Grythpyke: He preached life lessons yet he smoked and drank which I found contradictory
  3. @markperry3155: George Harrison planed the same, he was cremated very soon after his death I believe
  4. @markperry3155: I genuinely believe over the last year I have had a spiritual awakening, firstly through discovering Ekhart Tolle, then Alan Watts, I now live in the moment, it's all there is, I don't take it seriously anymore, its enlightening, anxiety gone
  5. @jacobhayes5305: He changed my life forever
  6. @mjohnson3279: This man thought me meditating thank you Mr watts my life has changed forever
  7. @iwantcheesypuffs: Alan Watts is that great and singular conduit between Eastern and Western culture and philosophy. 

Never taking himself too seriously, that same vulnerability allows us to ponder introspective thoughts of his lectures and writings -- accepting, digesting, or disregarding as we so allow for that given idea or topic. 

Eccentric. Surely. Bizarre -- only a truly western mind would say so. 

Taoism, pronounced ( dau i zim )
  8. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: إنَّ الإسلام في جوهره يمثل *'النظرية الموحدة الكبرى'* للوجود؛ فمنذ آدم وصولاً إلى محمد ﷺ، كانت الرسالة واحدة هي *التوحيد**، وهي الحقيقة التي يتردد صداها اليوم في مختبرات الفيزياء الكونية. فالعلم لا يبحث إلا عن **(الوحدة - Unity)* في القوانين، حيث يثبت أن الكون بأسره، من أدق جسيماته إلى أضخم مجراته، محكوم بشفرة واحدة ونسق فيزيائي ثابت لا يتجزأ. هذا التناغم الكوني المذهل هو البرهان المادي على **وحدانية المصدر**؛ فلو تعددت الإرادات الخالقة لتصادمت القوانين واختل النسق. التوحيد ليس مجرد عقيدة دينية، بل هو التفسير الوحيد الذي يتفق مع **'بساطة وجمال القوانين الطبيعية'**، مؤكداً أن الإرادة التي صاغت معادلات الكون هي ذاتها التي أرسلت الرسل بمنهاج الهداية، ليكون الدين والكون كتابين ينطقان بحقيقة واحدة: **أنَّ المصدر واحد
  9. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: إنَّ الإسلام في جوهره هو دين الوحدة الوجودية فالتوحيد الذي حمله الرسل من آدم إلى محمد لیس مجرد تصور لاهوتي، بل هو الحقيقة التي تترجمها علوم الكون اليوم في مبدأ وحدة القوانين الفيزيائية (Universality of Laws). فالعلم يبرهن أن الكون من أصغر كوارك إلى أعظم مجرة محكوم ببروتوكول رياضي واحد ونظام فيزيائي متسق لا يتصادم، وهو ما يعكس عقلياً وحدة الإرادة المصممة. إن تسلسل الأنبياء عبر التاريخ هو تجسيد لهذا الاتساق، فمن وضع قانون الجاذبية الواحد ليحفظ توازن الأجرام، هو من أرسل قانون التوحيد الواحد ليحفظ توازن الأمم. فالتوحيد هو المظلة العلمية والفلسفية الوحيدة التي تفسر لماذا هذا الكون واحد في تصميمه، واحد في غايته، و واحد في
مصدره."
  10. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: لماذا إقناع الملحد صعب جداً 
. الاعتماد على المادية المحضة: الملحد يطلب دليلاً مادياً ملموساً (تجريبياً) على أمور غيبية (كالخالق والروح)، وهذا تناقض عقلي، لأن الخالق لا يخضع لقوانين المادة التي خلقها.
المكابرة والتعنت: غالبًا ما يتبنى الملحد الشبهات عنادًا، وليس بحثًا عن الحقيقة، مما يجعله يرفض الأدلة الواضحة.
التأثر بالشبهات المنمقة: يقرأ الملحد شبهات بعبارات براقة دون فهم عميق، ويستهلك وقت المحاور في رد الشبهات واحدة تلو الأخرى (أسلوب "الببغاء").
الهروب من التكليف: الإلحاد يوفر حرية مطلقة من القيود الأخلاقية والدينية (لا جنة ولا نار ولا حرام)، مما يجعل النفس البشرية تميل اليه

إن فكرة 'التوحيد' إفراد الخالق بالعبودية ليست طارئة أو محلية، بل هي ثابت أنثروبولوجي وتاريخي [1, 2]؛ فمنذ فجر البشرية (آدم) وحتى مسك الختام (محمد)، حمل الأنبياء رسالة جوهرية واحدة هي أن لا إله إلا الله : المصدر واحد، والغاية واحدة، والرسالة واحدة. هذا التسلسل الزمني [1, 3] يثبت أن الإسلام ليس ديناً جديداً، بل هو النسخة الخاتمة والمُهيمنة [2, 4] لنفس الحقيقة الروحية التي بُعث بها جميع الأنبياء للأمم كافة، وهو التصور الأقوى والأكثر اتساقاً لتفسير ظاهرة 'الوحي' في تاريخ البشرية..
  11. @YESHUA_is_king_21: Jesus Christ is Lord
  12. @theshipoperator7227: Probably the most influential philosopher to me personally.
  13. @SunKing333: As someone slowly waking up, I find it unfortunate that the powers that be would prefer that I would just keep at my job to the point I’m so exhausted that I can no longer care for myself.
  14. @KiraFORTHEWIN: The year date on that first clip is way wrong, they barely had audible film in 1927, not to mention Alan would have been 12 that year! Looks more like 1940s maybe
  15. @knives5964: A lot of people look for the perfect human being to see their ideas, words as real or true. People think Alan had no truth because he was an alcoholic.  But remember Mel Gibson spoke the truth about Hollywood but because he had issues like any of us, people dismissed the truth he spoke and called him a lunatic.
  16. @aureoflorecer5519: grande alan watts pero solo observo la mecanica de la existencia,  su vida personal hablo de otra cosa.
  17. @gabibonza: Love this guy ❤
  18. @minpepper2717: That is the most beautiful voice narration I have ever heard. I do hope she is real! Thank you. A complete joy to listen to.
  19. @SANDYMN2011: He was an incredible man. I love him. Authentic, funny, relaxed, self deprecating, humble... nothing bizarre here, just a remarkable seeker.
  20. @jalipynnönen: 18 relapses since 23 new years resolution alcohol is the problem was addicted to porn too not anymore tho both are sickness edit: i don't know if i can stop alcohol completely because of me physical and mental problems have venlafax for depression zyprexa for insomnia and elvanse for my adhd them helps a bit

- The Philosophy Of Alan Watts - Making Sense Of Senselessness: Kind: captions Language: en The task of making order, victorious over chaos or randomness. If you take this seriously, you will look upon it as warfare. Alan Watts was a 20th century British American philosopher born in 1915. He is renowned for his wit, eloquence and success in translating and infusing Eastern philosophy into Western world. Watts is regarded as being greatly responsible for the popularization of Buddhist and Zen principles in the West, inspiring the beat and hippie movements in the United States during the 60s and 70s and causing major cultural shifts away from traditional western values. During his life before dying in 1973, at 58 Watts published over 25 books and articles on various Western and Eastern theories and was the first to write a best-selling book on Buddhism entitled The way of Zen published in 1957. Watts's unique ability to understand, conceive and translate complex alternative philosophies into practical digestible language. Makes it clear why he is one of the most enjoyed and influential philosophers in recent history. Watts's interest in Eastern philosophy stem from his childhood enjoyment of Chinese and Japanese storybooks, as well as his affinity with Eastern aesthetic. He found that things like light, colour and nature were shown in profoundly beautiful and provoking ways within Eastern art and he wondered what it was that allowed these artists to see and consider the world with such lucidity. Watts was born in what is now South-East London and was initially raised Christian. However during Watts's developing younger years he began to find that Christianity's methods of understanding and dealing with life left him unappeased unfulfilled and often with more problems than solutions. In Watts's mind Christianity did not attempt in any real sense to answer things like what the true nature of the universe is, what the self is, what the meaning of life is and how to deal with it all. Rather Christianity appeared more interested in studying and maintaining history and remained and firmly transfixed on the idea that there is some tyrannical like God figure controlling everything. This idea of an authority figure controlling the universe was both unappealing and insensible to Watts. And so in combination with his growing fondness and curiosity with the eastern aesthetic he would embark on his journey in to Buddhism. What drew Watts further into Buddhism was that in Buddhism rather than a tyrannical like god controlling everything with some rational or moral intension. There is a universal consciousness, which everything is an interconnected and interdependent part of a singular essence to life that follows its own nature with no boss. Every object and every person is merely an expression of this universal nature following the nature of itself for the mere sake of itself. Watts found this concept to be far more reasonable, human and useful to the experience of life. As Watts study, consider and practice Eastern ideas like this one, he found that he experienced a certain bliss in their realization, often regarded as enlightenment or awakening. Life became richer, anxieties and fears reduced if not disappeared and peace and connection with nature blossomed. It was this that Watts wanted to share with the Westener, - an individual whom Watts felt deeply needed a way out or in, depending on where he stood. With the distinctively diverse background in understanding of both Western and Eastern worlds from a cultural standpoint, Watts found that much of the western world was intensely alienated and conflicted. Often obsessed with status, wealth, consumption and success in being right or the best. Yet even when one successful in the Western ideal of success, they still appeared to remain lost and disconnected from themselves, their fellow human and nature itself. The idea that a successful business, a new luxury product sold or bought a higher status, a social power or anything alike could resolve the human experience of isolation, anxiety and vulnerability was exceptionally foolish in Watts's mind. Furthermore it appeared that the Western religious idea of an absolute morality and authoritative God did not really assist the westerner and his or her ability to resolve these behaviours or help any spiritual essence in themselves. Rather it only further detach them from the physical of metaphysical world, by making them a subject of everything instead of a part of everything. The principles of Zen and Watts's teaching diverged through others significantly. As humans we have a very peculiar consciousness that is aware of what it is perceiving and furthermore identifies with its awareness. This self-identification is generally regarded as ego and as a result of our ego we tend to feel as though we are detached from what we are observing. That if there is an I or Me observing then I must not be what I am observing, then my internal must be separate from my external. Watts would often refer to this as the sense that we are an ego in a bag of skin. However in Zen in Watsons teachings this concept and feeling is not only incorrect, but it is the source of most of our alienation anxiety suffering and subsequent animosity. With the knowledge that we will die that things will change that stuff will dissolve how can we derive any sense of meaning or connection to life by chaining our sense of self to these things: to our body, to our personal identity, to our stuff to our status. One of if not the most fundamental principle in Zen and Watts's teachings is the idea that attempts to resolve this problem. The idea that we are none of these things that we tend to identify with, but instead we are everything and everything is us. Human and nature go together as one linked inexorably in infinitely, just as noise can't exist without silence, just as light can't exist without darkness, our internal cannot exist without our external and our experience cannot exist without our non experience or death. Everything needs everything else in order to be anything at all. Watts would often define this using the term organism environment. Meaning we are not an organism in an environment, but we are an organism and an environment simultaneously. We are but a feature of the whole and thus we are the whole. For Watts the illusion that much of the Western world has and continues to live in is that our thoughts are exempt from the laws of the universe. That we have a separate volition detached from nature and our thoughts and actions occur voluntarily and can impose themselves on nature. However for Watts the truth is that our brain and our consciousness are not exempt or separate. Not from the cause and effect process of the universe and not from the laws that everything operates on. Within the Watson Zen school of thought success in life is not to change the world or to make a certain amount of wealth or to surpass anyone and status or power or anything of that sort, but the ultimate goal and success in life is to become deeply synchronized with nature itself, to realize that your behaviour is one with the behaviour of the rest of the world. A person is in fact nature itself and so a person cannot choose to change or influence nature, because even what appears to be a human effect on nature is only in essence a nature effect on nature. Which is to say everything is just nature playing the game of nature with us and through us. Like a river that flows without choosing to or how to we humans move and act without choosing to or how to. We did not choose to be a human or the kind of human we are. We did not choose the conditions of the human body or mind. We simply express the nature of the universe through them and the achievement of Zen is to flow freely without choosing, acknowledging that one is and has always been without choosing. To accept this and overcome one's ego is no small feat it is to destroy one sense of self-importance which is of course very important to the thing that believes and wants so very badly to be important. But the irony is that perhaps what we think we want is not what we need. Perhaps thinking we are more or less important than anything or anyone is not all that helpful for the experience of life. Perhaps alternatively realizing one's unimportance has the potential to actually open up the door to a whole new realm of meaningfulness and enjoyableness. Like an artist in a state of flow instead of forcing nature we synchronize with it and perform life with fluidity and ease. Of course Watts is not without criticism nor are the Eastern philosophies that he communicated and derived many of his ideas from. It is reasonable to find some of Watt's teachings and translations to be either confusing or fuzzy for ease up against a very difficult opponent be it the very thing we have been conditioned and wired to identify life with. Even for Watts himself it is fair to say that the ideas he shared were not easy and did not resolve all the challenges of being human for him. According to those who knew him he was not without struggle in her conflict or vice. Perhaps his take on life is accurate and complete or perhaps it is not and perhaps that is not the point. At this time in our evolution we can only really speculate what the true nature of everything is. There is no answer at the back of the book that we can peek at when things get confusing. However that does not mean that efforts and attempts at speculating and understanding our spiritual essence is without value. Perhaps it is not the exact accuracy of any philosophical idea that is important what the idea can do for us. For many Watts's ideas and offerings have and continue to radically shift how they see and experience life and a positive practical way, that Christianity and other traditional Western ideologies continue to overlook. It is not only what Watts said but also how he said it and who he said it to. In part Watt's fame can be attributed to his unique ability to translate and communicate a way out of the cycle of consumption, anxiety and alienation. In a part of the world that has and continues to severely suffer from these things. For Watts and those who agree with him his teachings suggest very comforting and useful ideas of life. That fundamentally there are no mistakes, no failures, no successes, no good or bad things. Rather there are just things that happen, that contrast with other things that happen. That life is not a contest with winners and losers, but an endless game of back-and-forth. That we are not separate from everything, but we are an expression of everything forever linked with what has and will always be. And that we don't need to take things quite so seriously. We're an ordinary person sees a battle, an extraordinary person sees a cooperation, a dance as Watts would often call it. And there is no real point to a dance other than to mystify and entertain. Which is to say everything and everyone is all working together at once to mystify and entertain to express the single thing that is universal consciousness that is life. And here we are in the stance with an ability to form reason trying to make sense of this apparently senseless dance. and our attempts we become confused and seek better meaning, better justification, better understanding. We overanalyse and take ownership in this dance in order to compensate for its elusiveness. We struggle to accept it for what it is. But perhaps there is no better sense to anything, than senselessness. For in the senselessness there is wonder mystification and entertainment. And perhaps it is this idea that remains true no matter what we believe in life. Whether we agree with Watts, Zen, Christianity or any of the other countless religions and ideologies, we're almost certainly wrong or incomplete in our understanding. And so for now perhaps the best we can do is to try and enjoy the dance for what it is in all of its senselessness and remember that the only thing that could be bad is to take it seriously. - Alan Watts -

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrislife1101 [5 likes]: Alan watts was who got me into philosophy when I was 14, I started listening to him just to sound smart and cool, but eventually I really started to listen to what he was saying and trying to understand it. Opened my eyes to other perspectives of life
  2. @Coprogustiac [2 likes]: I didn't really "get" Alan Watts in the truly spiritual sense until one time I walked through nature while I was on mushrooms. From that moment on I understood I was not an aberration to the Universe, but a part of the Universe, like everything and everyone else is a part of the Universe.
  3. @JLReanimated1991: I know this video is 7 years old but does this sound like and early AI reader? Like a bot reading instead of a human?
  4. @jeffborelo8334: « The only thing that could be bad is to take it seriously »
What if :
* I was an abused child ?
* I was a raped and tortured woman ?
* I was an innocent citizen in a country at war ?
* A man with an incurable disease ?
Etc.
Beautiful sentences and mottos always seem nice but when reality hardly slaps you in the face then it’s surprising how everything falls apart very quickly…
  5. @Isha_aeni: Just finished his book, and now suffering from identity crisis
  6. @scottyridehome3394: Anytime I’ve ever been around someone on psychedelics they put this shit on.
  7. @MagoChairez: I can’t even fathom the thought of never existing ever again after I’m gone. The thought brings me an immense amount of. grief, but at the same time knowing my finite experience makes me try to make the most of it.
  8. @ArkajyotiGhosh-p3e: Which is why American movies preach dumbness useful to similar retards
  9. @lekcindr: respectfully disagree
  10. @JonSmith-cx7gr: Watts was extrememly erudite and easy to listen to but ultimately he was quite simply a waffling bullshi**er whose depth of  love for the sound of his own voice far transcended any depth of actual thought. His ability to arrange words is to philosophy what the abuility to build a house of cards is to the construction industry. i.e. of no real value whatsoever. A man whose mantra's seemed to be 'always use 4000 words when 20 wil suffice' and 'if you arrange enough words non stop for long enough, people will find their own 'deep' meaning therein. (Does anybody know if he has an inscription on his grave and if so, how many tens of metres high is his gravestone......?)
His talks actually all follow an identical formua: waffle on for a while, insert pauses every few words for dramatic effect, include rambling rhetorical questions as you go, explain a foreign word/crowbar in references/stories/myths from other 'exotic' countries to show how incredibly wise you are (usually Chinese, Greek, French, German, Latin or Sanskrit) as some kind of validation for what you are rambling about. Throw in some basic psychological self waffle which can be found in any and all womens magazines. Go off on a tangent while continuing the previousy mentioned formula. Repeat ad infinitum.
  11. @YourSoRqndom: Bro that was deep, I am trying to study and debate Alan watts and you have come up with something amazing but really deep and understanding
  12. @mjolninja9358: That philosophy existed 2500 years ago
  13. @eduardmanecuta5350: If he said that, he didn't understood Christianity, like at all...
   Thank you for this video.
  14. @michaelhenderson2657: Love Alan Watts...i could listen to him all day and all night...
  15. @Wolfsheim23: Carlos Castaneda gets so little credit for his vast influence over Alan Watts teachings.
  16. @jschlaud6: Love AW but that thumbnail makes him look like a Who from Whoville. 😂
  17. @nineofive.2573: Since everyone is dropping there favorite quotes from Alan I’ll write this which has always stuck with me. “Just like the apple tree apples the world peoples”.
  18. @brandonleroux6059: Thank you for this, I needed reminding.
  19. @meme6335: I heard someone describe him recently as the Bob Ross of Philosophy and the description fits so well.
  20. @friendlymurtad: Thank you Alan for changing the course of my life.

- The Illusion of MONEY, TIME & EGO - Alan Watts: Kind: captions Language: en well i have a sort of suggestion and that is this that before we decide either to save the planet or to destroy it we pause for a moment of silence i don't mean that kind of grim silence which one observes when somebody says such and such a famous person has just died and we'll observe a moment of silence in his honor and everybody frowns and thinks very serious thoughts that's not silence at all. I mean real silence in which we stop thinking and experience reality as reality is because after all if i talk all the time i can't hear what anyone else has to say and if i think all the time and by that i mean specifically talking to yourself some vocally inside your skull if i think all the time i have nothing to think about except thoughts and so i'm never in touch with the real world now what is the real world some people have the theory that the real world is material or physical i say it's made a kind of a stuff other people have the theory that the real world is spiritual or mental but i want you to point out that both those theories of the world are concepts of words and the real world is not an idea it is not words reality is you will find therefore that if you get with reality all sorts of illusions disappear and i will mention several illusions that have not this kind of existence let's begin with some very down-to-earth ones like money money is a very useful method of accounting it is a measure of wealth in the same way as inches are measures of length and grams measures of weight you cannot eat money you could have a fantastic quantity of dollar bills and stock certificates on a desert island they would be useless to you what you would need would be food and animals and companions money simply represents wealth in rather the same way that the menu represents the dinner only we are psychologically perverted in such a way that we would some of us would rather have money than real wealth but you know you cannot drive in five cars at once even though they be cadillacs you cannot live simultaneously in six houses or eats 12 roasts of beef at one meal there is a limit to what one can consume so that's one of the sort of confusions i'm talking about another is that we confuse ourselves as living organisms with our idea of ourselves that is to say with the conception of myself which is called the personality or ego we that is what we have been told we are and it's an extremely crude and limited conception of oneself of the actual unique living organism and we get unhappy because we're thinking of ourselves in this way because we think well gee i'm going to die i once talked to a woman who came to me and said she was afraid of death and uh we went into it in a long conversation i said what are you really afraid of and she thought it over and thought it over and he said you know what i'm going to be afraid of is what other people are going to say they're going to say poor old gert she couldn't last it through because you see who you think you are is entirely dependent on who people have told you you are you're not that then another thing that bothers bothers us is time most people nowadays say i have no time of course you don't because you are not aware of the present you know the present is represented on your watch by a hairline that is as thin as possible as is consistent with visibility and so everybody thinks the present is instead of now the present is the only real time there is no past and there isn't a future and there never will be we think ordinarily of the present as an infinitesimal point at which the future changes into the past and we also do a terrible thing we imagine ourselves to be results of the and we're always passing the buck over our shoulders like when god approached adam in the garden of eden and said hast thou eaten of the fruit of the tree whereof i told thee thou shouldst not eat and adam said this woman thou gave with me she tempted me and i did eat and god looked at eve and said hast thou eaten of the fruit of the tree whereof i told thee thou shalt not eat and she said the serpent beguiled me and i did eat and god out of the corner of his eye looked at the serpent serpent said nothing so you see we're always passing the buck you don't realize that the past is caused by the present as the wake of a ship flows back from the prowl now the wake doesn't drive the ship any more than the tail wags the dog but we've all got excuses my mother had a fit while she was carrying me in the womb uh they didn't bring me up right and then they go to the mother and say how is it that you could have been so irresponsible with your children and she says well it was my parents didn't bring me up right either and so everybody passes the buck but the truth of the matter is it all begins here this is where the creation begins and you're doing it and won't admit it because of course you're all god in disguise jesus found that out and they crucified him for saying so so you would this is a very odd thing for westerners to understand and particularly for americans because we are so fixated on the future when we say want to put something down we say it has no future well do you much better to have a present because if you don't it's useless to make plans because when they work out you won't be there to enjoy them you'll be thinking of something else so we don't we realize that we are living out of now and throwing the past behind us you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AfterSkool [4300 likes]: It's always a joy to animate the words of Alan Watts. If you enjoyed this animation, please consider supporting After Skool on Patreon. Every donation, no matter how small, will go directly toward creating more videos like this. Thank you! https://www.patreon.com/AfterSkool
  2. @ShoobToob02 [1 likes]: I come back to this video here and there because its so damn good
  3. @youneskrz1672 [1 likes]: I think the reality is more complicated and he done a very good job at the beginning stating that the reality is outside of words ideas and sensors it's showing in front of us when we're really silence and we don't judge, it's shown in front of us as a shadow for a millisecond and disappear, but the way he described time is a way of thinking rather than a reality.
  4. @Mosgman [1 likes]: That's all good in heaven , we live here and now, and we have bills to pay, the doom of homeliness is preventing us from living in present, we are not free men, we don't have hunting and gathering land to live out from, and we don't have skills for that, we need to take out food from a store using money.
  5. @kratomlover69 [1 likes]: Sad capitalism forces me to work or die of starvation, otherwise I would be living the present in nature 24/7
  6. @trippymchippy8586 [1 likes]: The "real world" is all inside my skull.
  7. @EliasBirkeland: Hope you think like this about money🙏🤝 so there is more for me🫶
  8. @dailycontiguity7071: A classic in under ten minutes.
  9. @somnathpal6093: I liked what happened at 1:59. Its best not to define the reality through words. to experience the reality as it is..
  10. @ELYehudah144: Luke 11:21–22 (KJV)
“When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace:
But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.”
1) What the “peace” really is
The “peace” here is not moral goodness or harmony with God. It’s more like undisturbed control. The “strong man” (often understood as representing evil or Satan in this passage) has everything locked down:
  11. @PinkHarlequin-i3q: Life is painfully dull without the ego illusion.
  12. @FractalFinder: Do you know???
  13. @nickgygie4575: Health,knowledge and discernment are the wealth I desire. Thank you good sir for posting this. Stay sovereign, aligned and fearless.
  14. @almaisaks: The Illusion of MONEY, TIME & EGO - Alan Watts
  15. @imagine-sg6kr: ❤
  16. @timmy1874: past caused by the present
  17. @langerhans: This made surprisingly little sense.
  18. @StopBelievingLiars: Time money and ego all most definitely exist
  19. @VillageClerk-c3u: Imagine if we stop electing the shiny rich people, and elect the homeless guy on the corner?
  20. @aronfilmss: Great visual! Can you explain what those eyes means? I´ve seen that couple of times in my daily experiences but I don´t know what that means. I felt this video so much. Great message.

- HOW TO OVERCOME LIFE CHALLENGES & OBSTACLES | Wu Wei Wisdom: Kind: captions Language: en hi and welcome to this week's wu-way wisdom life lessons teaching it's great to be back with you all this week we are talking all about how to deal with challenges and obstacles in your life so that you can see them as positive Stepping Stones rather than roadblocks that hold you back [Music] okay David So for most of us when we encounter something very unfamiliar or very challenging often we want to retreat step back and shut down why is that almost like an automatic reaction for most people well if that's you that Alex has just said this is when you're in a child is in control many of my clients say I don't know what's in a child David So if you meet a challenge a difficult situation and you want to run away if you want to avoid if you want to shut down this is the part of your subconscious mind that I would want to call the inner child so this is the inner child believing that reality should be the way that they would like it to be everything runs smooth everything works out the way that they want it when they want it how they want did and this teaching will be I can tell you just at the beginning be about the inner child because the inner child will not want to connect with the difficulty of reality it will be saying something like I shouldn't have to do that again it's too tough for me I've had enough problems in my life I deserve things to go well now and so it won't address that stepping stone is in the right way it will seem more as a block and I guess also not only is the reality yes this is unfamiliar yes this is challenging yes you're going to have to have a think and you maybe have to try harder to navigate this challenge or life issue of course that's not to be denied but I think not only does our inner child hate that because it wants everything easy it wants everything familiar no discomfort but it also has a tendency to jump into worst case scenarios that's right not only is this actually a challenge but it's a challenge and it's all going to go wrong and it's all going to be a disaster and it's a challenge now but it's all going to get worse so it it escalates the level of the problem well that's right the title you wouldn't think that this was in a child work but this is all in a child work and so you've mentioned now a couple of times as something that's really important for the inner child The Knowing or the unknown or the familiar and the unfamiliar so what the child grid really like to do is to be in control you're the inner child part of your mind so for those of you new to us what I'm talking about is your subconscious mind you may want to call it or your ego or the little negative self-talk that's in your mind I want you to reframe that and think of that as an inner child think about it as you when you will behave around the age of six seven eight and this part of your mind wants to be future-proofed it wants to know what's going to happen when it's going to happen how it's going to react and so it dislikes intensely the unfamiliar and the unknown the problem being and this is why taoism and the teachings here are so important we live in the unknown and the unfamiliar that is one of the greatest wonders of our world this is what we should totally Embrace we should love the unknown we should love these challenges and as you said into your introduction see them as stepping stones opportunity to learn to grow to reconnect with our Shen now as you've just heard me say that there might be a little voice inside of your mind saying what's he talking about I want to know what's going to happen I want to know I'm not going to fail I want to know I'm going to be successful I want to be perfect I don't want surprises and as Alex says at the beginning of this question what it will do then very cleverly it will create worst case scenarios it if I tread in the unknown my goodness the roof's going to fall in let's stay with what we know even if it isn't successful that's the key for the inner child the inner child will stay with the familiar even if it's not successful and of course David the whole teaching of woo Y and I know you talk a lot about the uh the analogy of the stream flowing down the river and encountering boulders in the Stream before the water reaches the sea really the life that our journey of life is about navigating those Boulders large or small and dealing with them dealing with them with as much ease as much woo way as we possibly can and you're absolutely right that's one of the fundamental teachings of Daoism this concept this idea of the river flowing down and as You Follow the path of the water the way of the water the Dow of the water this water willing uh encounter rocks and boulders and waterfalls and Rapids and it's how you navigate through those and the purpose of these teachings is to be in your flow to be at ease to deal with every situation from a position of value and worth about yourself don't trying to preempt what's going to happen not bolting the barn door when the horse has fled allowing yourself to flow allowing yourself to meet the unknown embracing the unknown and this is absolutely what the in a child needs to be toured you need to hold its hand you need to give it that support you need to be compassionate with yourself so many of my clients are the direct opposite is this you do you ccj criticize compare and be judgmental about yourself and others and what this does it sets up a scenario where you're always thinking of problems you're never looking at how to learn how to grow how to step up your in defense mode you're putting the shutters up you're shutting yourself down you're building a war a prison and you're locking yourself Inside Your Own Prison and do you think David that another misunderstanding that our ego or our inner child has that you know life we should you know we've already said the inner child things we shouldn't have problems we shouldn't have challenges everything should be easy straightforward linear direct but is it also because the inner child is very much focused on the end goal the destination and it gets frustrated with challenges or diversions because it believes it's they're just you know they have no value they're just distractions they are just slowing me down and it's overly focused on what it believes is a there's a goal a destination a status point of status that it must achieve and of course all the while it's doing this ccj it's comparing you're comparing yourself to your peers your colleagues you know they're doing better than me they don't have to struggle with this challenge that I've got and again that this way of thinking makes the whole problem worse and then you're not actually clear-minded and rational in in a good way to deal with the challenge you're absolutely right Alex and and that really is the key of the problem is to look at that subconscious mind that we're calling it an inner child and that's why I think using the term the inner child is far more powerful because this isn't some kind of a monster this isn't something to set out to mess you up to make your life difficult but that part of your mind is thinking like a six-year-old child and a six-year-old child is very it's all about them it's what they want and I often say and clients laugh but it's very important you're in a child Wants What It Wants when it wants it and it is not prepared to accept the flow of the river it's not prepared to accept difficulties it will give you so many reasons why it should as you said be easy it will say I've had enough difficulties I've had enough misfortunes I've had enough bad luck I've had enough criticism I do not deserve this things now should go right for me I'll I'll often get this when I'm working with a client bearing a child thinks that life is like a book like good and bad pros and cons and if you have two or three bad things happen to you then you are owed you deserve two or three good things to happen to you and this is comparing so the inner child is always looking for that comparing and when it sees what it sees as Injustice or unfairness when it sees what it thinks things are going stacking up against it it then will say it's not fair this is not right this is unjust and just like a physical child if you ever see your hear your physical child saying mommy daddy it's not fair what they're saying it's not the way I want it and that's why I love the analogy of the inner child the inner child has a really clear idea how things should be and if things aren't that way it sees it as unfair and this is the inner conflict that why it doesn't believe that challenges it doesn't even believe it should have a challenge it should work out for them I often say to clients are you expecting like a an emotional Fairy Godmother to waft into your life sort out your problems put them in a nice box put the bow on them and say there you are all sorted I'm really doing the job will say yes that's what I want and so David I think what we're talking about here is really the the the problem becomes the inner resistance so this this escalation the the reality is the challenge the difficulty the unfamiliar but the the real problem is the inner resistance and that the key to reframing the whole thing and then tackling the problem and challenge proactively positively is is a measure of acceptance acceptance of reality not saying oh this is okay this is okay this issues happen but accepting that it's happened and that it's like okay so what can I now do about this how can I deal with this as positively as rationally as as possible in order to navigate through this rather than resisting it which makes the problem worse I agree with you 100 exactly what you said was a great teaching the the situation is not the problem the situation is the situation if you just said I'm just going to repeat you now Alex because you gave that teaching wonderfully the situation is just the situation atan like the river flowing down the boulder is the boulder you can't shift the boulder you've got to find a way around it the problem lies in your perception of that challenge of that situation of that difficulty and these may be great difficulty redundancy break up in relationships Health well-beings children I'm not saying they're they're little challenges but they are challenges that have entered into your life the problem comes is when you address those from a negative Viewpoint particularly if you address them from an emotional view a Viewpoint because instead of dealing with a problem you've now doubled up and made it even worse because now you have to deal with your emotions and the situation the challenge the problem problem the issue whatever you want to call it so you're making it much harder for yourself and so this is why you know child work is so important if you take time and I'm only talking about 10 minutes a day to do the work to do the conversation to re-parent your inner child the inner child will reframe will change their perception on these Boulders in your life and they will be more flexible and happy to find a way around it rather than hunching and dropping their shoulders and saying and saying there you go again this always happens to me why does it always happen to me this is not fair other people don't have this and then you're making that issue 10 times worse you're still dealing with it basically what amazes me when clients say I can't cope I say you've always coped all we're talking about is the ease in which you cope because you cope and make things much harder for yourself by your approach so again what you're saying I'm just repeating you Alex it's your mindset it's how you think you can't live a life with no issues that's impossible that's wishful thinking that's a utopian thinking and that's why this is to do within a child wonderful thank you David and I will put a link in our show notes to our inner child video playlist where there are many many teachings in their long-form teachings that will help you with this subject I really hope this has given you a new insight and perspective on dealing with the challenges that we all encounter in our lives please do let us know and Patch share the teaching with someone else who you think it may also help David works every week with clients all over the world via Zoom video call on exactly these sort of topics if you'd like to learn more about David's one-to-one consultations please also check out the show notes and I will put a link there for those as well and finally please don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel we produce new teachings every week and we'd love to share your journey with you bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @annaynely [6 likes]: More ppl need to navigate the difficulties and challenges neurodiverse population has to go through all their lives plus all the complicated challenges that are especially difficult for us along with extra obstacles.
  2. @Dhabiya [5 likes]: Are you well dear David , you lost a lot of weight.  MAY you be in the best of health.
  3. @allthingsrealestatewithLynn [3 likes]: Why are you two no longer wearing your rings?..I am sorry if you have split😢
  4. @annaynely [2 likes]: you guys are out of date... how about doing some content for neurodiverse ppl?:face-blue-smiling: It´s just we´re already sick and tired of so much content for neurotypicals.😔
  5. @YBoraOylu [1 likes]: I have heard a new concept called "Childhood Emotional Neglect" or CEN. Do you think the 'inner child' issues are correlated with emotional neglect in childhood? and Thank you of course for your educational videos.
  6. @ocrodger [1 likes]: How can I put this into play with a diagnosis of Parkinson's disease? Please advise. Thank you
  7. @lindaskode8027 [1 likes]: Thank you!
I really needed to hear this today!
  8. @louisianaeu828 [1 likes]: Love to see you💝🌸🤗You helped me understand and manage my inner child and transform my behaviors . Thanks so much!
  9. @jenh2026 [1 likes]: Brilliant & inspirational thank you ❤ I can’t wait to share with someone else.
  10. @KarenSteelMusic [1 likes]: Best video yet! BINGO! Is there a particular inner child video that you would recommend to see after this one? Keep up the good work!
  11. @pauljacobs2569 [1 likes]: Great video
  12. @sixtenjohansson4246 [1 likes]: My inner child hates having MS.
  13. @harrymorgan5902 [1 likes]: Thank you, this is so helpful. It’s helped me identify issues that I wasn’t aware of.  My inner child needs educating for sure, thankfully I don’t do too much of the ccj,. 😢 😊
  14. @richardpeters6852 [1 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏💖❤️🩵💙😊
  15. @gurusiddappasavanur2031 [1 likes]: Thankyou thankyou from India thankyou thankyou
  16. @ryanhowley6977 [1 likes]: OMG wonderful! Suggestions on what words would assist the inner child! Thanks!o golly day..I see it in your notes area! Thanks again!
  17. @liz090833 [1 likes]: David, I've been away and am just now dropping back in. Are you alright? You're quite thin. Considering that I absolutely love and adore you both, my inner child is asking if you are okay & I'm going to go ahead and ask, so that if it is something, we can process that and then be a supportive force to you both. My inner child, she gets attatched. I hope you're both incredibly happy, healthy, and fufilled by the important work you're doing. I've got much to catch up on. Thank you both endlessly.❤
  18. @dchrysostom [1 likes]: Thanks!
  19. @heliosign [1 likes]: 👍 Thank you - keep on keeping on.
  20. @joetorres53 [1 likes]: 👏👏❤️ LOVELY ❤️👏

- Wu wei effortless action - Lao Tzu the art of not trying: Kind: captions Language: en what does mean the word has been translated as non-doing not doing doing nothing effortless action and quite a few more the practice has gained popularity especially over the last one decade or so because of its promise to help us go with the flow of nature so that we can get things done more effortlessly and surprisingly also more effectively to understand what way or non-doing or doing nothing mean good that we go back to the original text in chinese so that we will be able to see the nuances and it will help you to have a better understanding of what the word means and when you put it into practice it can be more relevant so what's uwei in chinese it is it is made out of two characters the first character is which means nothing and the second character is way which means doing so not doing or doing nothing uh pretty app translation but still you know it's uh quite a problem because the concept is about doing things it's about accomplishment it's about getting things done in a fulfilling manner and we are talking about doing nothing how can the two things gel um we need to do something in order to get things done don't we even making a cup of coffee as simple as that we'll need something to be done either we have to do it ourselves or we have to get someone to help us but the coffee wouldn't suddenly appear in the thin air would it but we also know that you know way or not doing is a very powerful concept so there must be something missing in our understanding let's find out what it is so that we can fill the gap for that we have to go back to tao team um this is one of the wisest book ever written in history according to many of the leading thinkers and that laos is the author larson says in the book that do nothing and leave nothing and then in other words if you can do nothing you'll be able to get things done but when he says that that nothing is not the nothing that we understand it to be it's not in the usual sense in targeting and in the taoist literature nothing has a special meaning it has to do with tao but what style for those who are yet to read tao tajing let me give a little introduction as to what it is underlying every existence in this universe with the sun the star the moon the earth the tree the fish the bird ourselves underneath every existence that's a force that's governing the existence and its relationship with other existence and that's the reason that you know if you look at the sky you know the star and the sun and the earth they can coexist harmoniously for millions of years and you know in the millions years to come it will remain the same and we can also see a lot of some natural order in the things around us so when laos talks about nothingness or nothing he actually refers to tao which is an almighty force that is governing the universe and it exists everywhere but the next question is why dao is um nothingness the thing is um although tao is everywhere you can't see it you can touch it you can smell it because it's something that you cannot perceive so another way to describe tao is that it is nothing and this is exactly what lawsuit the key uses the word also to imply dao so now when we are talking about not doing or doing nothing actually the nothing that we are talking about is that nothingness or that no thickness that allows it refers to and it can be very powerful as you can imagine you've doubt can keep the entire universe in order then it must be very powerful and that if you can leverage on it to get the things done then you would definitely be more powerful than you asserting your own effort to get things done so when we are talking about non-doing actually we are talking about um leveraging on the power how to get things done or that you know go with the flow of nature to get things done then we become part of the happening we are not the center of the happening it is a change of concept but it can be very powerful because then we would put ourselves in a position that allowed things to happen and many a time what happens is some a lot more powerful than if we don't do it but you know relying on our own power our own ego to get things done so here you are this is a basic definition about non-doing or way or doing nothing i hope it's useful now as to how to put way into practice this is really a very big topic um i have so much to share with you because we have to look at it from many many different dimensions to make it useful it can be something very simple that you can do it in the next minute but it can also be something that you have to do it again and again and it is a lifelong pursuit so the spectrum is really very huge and well thank you very much for watching this video i hope to see you again in other videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnhendrickson1246 [4 likes]: I like this very much. Thank you.
  2. @zainabamadahy9918 [3 likes]: Thank you for this. I've been fascinated by the concepts of wu wei for years. It's so wonderful that 2 little characters can contain so much wisdom and power.
  3. @raymondzhu5272 [3 likes]: This helped me in understanding. Thank you
  4. @MapleGroveProductions [2 likes]: Even by trying to put wu wei into practice, you are missing the mark.
  5. @Distacca [2 likes]: One of the best explanation I have heard.... Thank you so much sir  🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  6. @Alexlamb442 [2 likes]: I'm reading the Tao Te Ching and you're helping me to avoid pitfalls in interpretation, thank you
  7. @deviceinside [1 likes]: Beautifully explained.  I'm starting to learn more about Taoism and Wu-Wei, as this video helped me understand the basics.  Thanks for putting in the time and effort (or non-effort) to make this. Please keep making more videos on this concept of effortless action.
  8. @RichardCoward [1 likes]: Nice video Tekson!
  9. @liferose3233 [1 likes]: sir..how old are you??
  10. @grahamrobertson2995 [1 likes]: Thank you for this, very clear.  I am very interested in wu wei as, to me, it is full of logic
  11. @chandirasiraj8191 [1 likes]: THANKS  Tekson. Very clear insight of it! Love to that silent creative force that pervades everywhere and everyone!
  12. @ilzywilzy575 [1 likes]: Thank you very much Tekson for making this profound knowledge accessible to the West. So much has been lost in translation....  I enjoy all your videos as it brings me closer to the true teachings of the ancient sages 😊🙏
  13. @patrickpeh9479 [1 likes]: Thank you Tekson for such a profound understanding of 无为.
  14. @chenxuan927: I really like your explanations.

As a native Chinese speaker, I find that one challenge of our language is ambiguity. In Chinese, ambiguity is often seen as a form of beauty and art. However, when it comes to philosophy, this becomes a disadvantage.

In English, things are much clearer. Even if an interpretation is wrong, it still provides a solid foundation for further discussion.

In contrast, Chinese interpretations can easily be misunderstood. Authors often tend to use ambiguous words either as a form of artistic expression or because they are forced to avoid certain topics for reasons like politics.

it's ridiculous, that people still arguing with to add comma to separate words from sentence after thousands years of discussion.
  15. @AidanVeritasTheAmazingDeist: Life is freaking upstream vs downstream. That’s a life changing philosophy.
  16. @mariagraciamancheno6328: I have a presentation for my uni comming up. Thank you so much for the clear explanation, xie xie!
  17. @nunurbusiness894: Thank you for sharing this Tekson! I  have been looking into non-doing or prefer to call it non-striving. 

Do you find that non-striving can bring us to mindfulness easily? It seems maybe it is just from this vantage point that if I just Stop, just completely stop seeking 100% (anything) then all that is left is just This (Now), peace, joy, contentment because non-striving has taught me that attention to what is happening in this moment is all that we really have. Time, past and future, are just concepts, necessary for day to day life but spiritually speaking there is no future to get to. There is no there - actually "there" to get to. Same with past and historical personal projections on this moment, if past personal projection is allowed, then the moment becomes stale because it is compared to past experiences in our "filing" system and life is not fresh and new when it is compared with the past.

I am wondering if you would feel so inclined, could you explain or point out any clarity on the above text from Taoist point of view or from personal experience please? 

Thank you for your very clearly explained video. 🙏
  18. @MrBsa194: Thank you for you beatifull job!!
  19. @davidtzeo7571: Thank you for the explanation sir.

- The Science of Spontaneity: Mastering Wu-Wei | Edward Slingerland | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en In order to understand what effortless action is you have to understand what effort is and what effort feels like. And I think the best way to do that is the so-called stroop test. So we're gonna flash a word on the screen and you should say aloud the color that it's printed in. We don't care what the word says, just the color. So here it goes. All right. So that was probably fairly easy. Did it fast. You had no confusion. I'm gonna flash another word now. Same thing. Only want to know the color it's in. We don't care about what it says. So unless you're some kind of space alien, you paused or you said the wrong thing. You said green or you said gr-red. So that kind of feeling of having to stop yourself and override a natural reaction and then impose another reaction, that's cognitive control. That's effort. And I understand very well from a cognitive science perspective how this works. So part of your brain is detecting conflict between the parts of your brain that recognize color and the parts that can read English if you're a native English speaker. And those two are in conflict so the ACC, anterior cingulate cortex says danger, danger, we've got to resolve this conflict. And then the prefrontal cortex, lateral prefrontal cortex is brought in to resolve this issue. All of that takes a lot of time so that feeling of effort you have, the -- it took you longer the second time. This gives you a sense of both what cognitive control -- what effort feels like and also the limitations of it. Because it's hard you're actually a little bit fatigued after you do that once. So in doing a stroop test then has less self-control. And if you then offer them carrots versus cookies as a snack, even if they're on a diet, they'll go for the cookies. You self-control that effort draws energy down when we use it. And so this is why spontaneity is so important because if we had to go through our lives exerting effort and cognitive control all the time we'd be basket cases before the day was through. Wu wei is an early Chinese term that means literally no doing or no trying. But I think a better translation is effortless action. And it's the central spiritual ideal for these early thinkers I look at. So the Confucians and the Daoists. And what it looks a little bit like flow or being in the zone as an athlete. So you're very effective. You're moving through the world in a very efficient way -- social world and physical world. But you don't have a sense of doing anything. You don't have a sense of effort. You don't have a sense of yourself as an agent. You kind of lose yourself in the activity you're involved in. And you're not only efficacious in terms of skill in the world. You also have this power that the early Chinese call -- unfortunately the Mandarin pronunciation is duh which sounds kind of funny. It's this energy you kick off, an aura that you kick off when you're in a state of wu wei. And this is why these early thinkers want wu wei because for both of them, the Confucians and the Daoists it's the key to political and spiritual success. So if you're a Confucian getting into a state of wu-wei gives you this power duh. And this allows you to attract followers without having to force them or try to get them to follow you. People just spontaneously want to follow you. If you're a Daoist it's what relaxes people, puts them at ease and allows you to move through the social world effectively without harm. So everybody wants this because it's a very -- it's the key to success. But they're all involved in this tension then of how do you try to be effortless. How do you try not to try. So the first strategy is the early Confucian strategy which I refer to as carving and polishing strategy which is essentially you're gonna try really hard for a long time. And if you do that eventually the trying will fall away and you'll be spontaneous in the right way. So you practice ritual, you engage in learning with fellow students and eventually somehow at some point you make the transition from trying to having internalized these things you're learning and being able to embody them in an effortless way. The second strategy, the uncarved block or going back to nature strategy is the Daode jing or the primitivists Daoists. And they essentially think the Confucian strategy is doomed. If you are trying to be virtuous, if you're trying to be a Confucian gentleman, you're never gonna be a Confucian gentleman. Anyone trying to be benevolent is never gonna actually be benevolent. They're just gonna be this hypocrite. And so their strategy is undo all this learning that you've been taught. So get rid of culture, get rid of learning, actually physical drop out of society. So they want you to go live in the countryside in a small village. It looks a lot like kind of 1960s hippie movement, you know. Back to nature and get rid of technology. Get rid of all of the bad things that society has done to us. there's good points to this strategy, too. One of the main insights I think of the Daoists, these early Daoists is a way in which social values, social learning can corrupt our natural preferences. So we're, you know, body images in advertising teach women that they have to be anorexic if they're attractive. We're taught that we always need to have the latest iPhone. So, you know, we have a perfectly good iPhone but then we see the new iPhone and suddenly our old iPhone isn't good anymore. And there's a lot of good literature on this in psychology on the hedonistic treadmill. We're never quite happy with what we have. As soon as we get it we want the next thing. And the Daode jing thinks Confucianism encourages that. And the solution to get off that hedonistic treadmill was to just stop and go back to nature and be simple. So that's the uncarved box strategy. Then another Confucian comes along named Mencius and he's essentially trying to split the difference between the Confucians and the Daoists. So he says we have these tendencies -- so this is to cultivate the sprout strategy. So we have these innate potentials to be virtuous that are inside of us but they're fragile, they need help, they need to be watered and weeded. He uses an agricultural metaphor which does a lot of work for him. So you need to put effort in, you need to try but you also can't force it. And his famous story about forcing it is this farmer who is unhappy because of his crops aren't growing fast enough. So he goes out in the field and pulls on the sprouts to try to get them to grow faster and pulls them out of the ground and kills them. You can't try too hard. You have to try in a way that goes along with your natural tendencies and strengthens them and guides them. So that's the Mencian strategy cultivating the sprouts. And then finally there's a Daoist I look at the end who's named Zhuangzi who thinks that the early Confucian strategy's misguided. That the primitivist reaction against it is also misguided. Because both of them are convinced they're right and they know the right way people should live. And Zhuangzi says we just don't know essentially. And the only way to live properly is to make your mind completely empty and let the Dao, the way, pull you along. So he has this idea that we have a force inside of us called the spirit that is of heavenly origin and is normally repressed by our mind but we can get in touch with it. And when we get in touch with it it guides us through the world in the proper way. So the famous story from the Zhuangzi is is butcher Ding who's cutting up this ox and it falls apart on the ground and it just looks like he's doing nothing. And the Lord is witnessing the ceremony. He says, "How do you do this." And he says, "I don't do anything. All I do is I shut down my senses. I shut down my rational mind and I let -- as he says -- my spiritual desires carry me along. But essentially the spirit guides him into the proper way to act. And so the Zhuangzi strategy is a letting go or forgetting. Just kind of clearing your mind with the idea that the world will take you in the right way. So if you want to learn more there are these four basic strategizes that the early Chinese developed for obtaining spontaneity. And I'm gonna walk through each of those four and talk about both why they make sense from a religious philosophical perspective and also why they make sense from a modern cognitive scientific perspective. And also why no one of them is actually 100 percent effective at all times for all people. Why we'd need actually a grab bag of strategies to pull from because no one of them is actually fully successful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KarlSnarks [8 likes]: A metaphor I heard that sounds a lot like the third option (and also a bit like the fourth), is that Wu Wei is more like sailing than rowing. With rowing you need to constantly exert effort without building momentum, while with sailing you'll still need effort to get things going and go the right way, but you'll work with the wind (symbolizing the Dao) who gets you where you need to go.
  2. @bigthink [7 likes]: Want to get Smarter, Faster? 
Subscribe for DAILY videos: https://bigth.ink/GetSmarter
  3. @SuperPhysicsgeek [1 likes]: 为无为 无为 is still need 为 but dont go against nature
  4. @felixb2 [1 likes]: This is a great video. What's great about the final strategy is the little amount of emotional effort you are putting towards things, and in Western culture, it's more likely that failure will bring negative emotions. You can work on your emotions, but at the same time, learning to work in a flow state can help you realize the things that are actually important.
  5. @raginald7mars408 [1 likes]: when you "Master" Wu Wei - you destroy Wu Wei. Master!
  6. @rameshpanta8062: I find it trite and cliché! Isn't that how we learn? Driving, for example, feels difficult at the beginning, and after a lot of practice, it becomes automatic. We see that in almost every field: the most accomplished athlete looks effortless, and so on. Even in the example given in the video, after some practice, we tend to do it faster and more accurately. Am I missing something?
  7. @skaterdude14b: Weeb alert 🚨
  8. @MrArukimasu: We cannot change the direction of the wind, but we can adjust the sail.
  9. @SmileFreestyle-hx2rc: Try but not too hard seems right on point
  10. @aikaaaa1919: Its quickness of reaction, relies on logical analysis, therefore you don't have to think when It occurs, colors stuff, bad articulation, Hence effortlessness, It means you don't have to deliberate, figure out or think when it occurs, given problem,  dealing with situation, you just react, respond, according to set rule. You'd know how and where to pay attention, and just react.
Integration, meaning what is It about.
This should be with respect to individuality next time, mutual understanding between two or other intelligent people, cause It would be not a game anymore.
Just about more, fast, or quicker.
  11. @loredananiculae4060: For the Stroop Test, if one uses peripheric vision, instead of focusing on the letters (center of the screen), the confusion might not appear... Color is vibration. It dissipates. No need to look exactly into the center of the screen. This is compliant with the test objective - namely, to say the color present on the screen, as fast as possible. :)
  12. @noviembre.rz1: he lights up when talking about ZhuangZi <3
  13. @simeondawkins6358: u think u know lol i wish I could explain
  14. @avastar2286: Balance and Gratitude, grasshopper🤓
  15. @eaton55r: So it seems that this ability can be used to create followers or suckers...?
  16. @mushroomboxing: If you want to know more I'm going to talk more about this... Somewhere... ?
  17. @CSI426: If we see someone being robbed, or my child taking illegal drugs, I should do nothing, let nature takes its course?  Is this why Chinese don't help each other? I noticed when a person in in trouble, the Chinese often stood there and watched, without helping or intervene.
  18. @metemercan1147: "if you're some kind of space alien"

Bruh you mean if I put my eyes out of focus to only see the colour?
  19. @mynameisdrpat: But there are many who likes these conflicts
  20. @simonooi2544: One day humanity will live in such effortless spontaneity life. By then we have fully realized that all the over creativeness we added to our lives are destructiveness.

- Zhuangzi's Timeless Wisdom to Stress-Free Living | Taoist Philosophy: Kind: captions Language: en Many centuries ago, a curious Taoist philosopher named Zhuangzi sat by the riverbank, absorbed in the gentle flow of the water, as his fishing rod lay nearby. Unexpectedly, two vice-chancellors appeared before him, having been dispatched by the Prince of Chu to offer Zhuangzi the esteemed position of prime minister. Without a worry on his face, Zhuangzi continued to observe the river’s serene motion and said to his visitors: “I’ve heard of a sacred turtle that was removed from its natural habitat, only for its shell to be draped in silk and enshrined within the royal palace. Now, let me ask you,” Zhuangzi continued, “which do you think is preferable? To be revered by the masses in the company of royalty, all while being sacrificed as a lifeless object of worship? Or to live as an ordinary turtle, freely dragging its tail through the mud?” After a moment of contemplation, one of the vice-chancellors replied, “For the turtle’s well-being, it is surely better to live and drag its tail in the mud.” “Ah,” said Zhuangzi, “There you have it. Please return to your prince and tell him that I prefer to remain here, dragging my tail in the mud.” The story about Zhuangzi, who rejected a powerful position to maintain his peaceful, obscure life by the riverside, characterizes the light and laid-back vibe surrounding the eponymous philosophical work, the Zhuangzi, which is one of the main Taoist scriptures, containing many thought-provoking parables, allegories, and anecdotes. As a character, Zhuangzi embodies a sense of calm, playfulness, and humility. He saw the world differently. As opposed to many of his contemporaries, he manages to break through conventions, let go of fixed views, and look beyond the human scope and understanding of right and wrong. He saw the usefulness in uselessness, beauty in ugliness, and order in chaos. And by seeing and approaching the world in his unique and, sometimes, upside-down ways, he exudes a strong sense of contentment and ease in the midst of an ever-changing and often chaotic existence. Zhuangzi reminds us to go with the flow and see the silver lining of whatever happens. He didn’t take life too seriously and embraced living spontaneously. Instead of living according to a set of constraining, fixed, dogmatic rules, like the Confucianists with their rituals and etiquette, Zhuangzi preferred an existence in harmony with nature, in agreement with Tao, the underlying principle of the universe. In this video, we delve into the philosophy of Zhuangzi, examining several philosophical concepts from the Taoist text and how they can inspire us to live more spontaneously and carefree. Please note: the Zhuangzi is a vast, comprehensive work, so this essay highlights only a selection of ideas and perspectives. Zhuangzi, both the philosopher and the text bearing his name, have left a lasting mark on Chinese culture. Living around the 4th century BCE, during the Warring States period, Zhuangzi has become synonymous with parables and anecdotes that show the joy of simplicity, the relativity of all things, and the harmony and ease achieved by aligning oneself with the all-encompassing force known as Tao. His teachings diverge from Confucianism, which is a social and ethical philosophy – or social ritual – which focuses on teaching morality, maintaining social hierarchy, and strict codes of conduct. While Confucianism can be seen as effective, in the eyes of the Taoist sages, it’s inflexible and artificial. Zhuangzi’s teachings, on the other hand, come across as playful and unconfined. He mocks rigid principles, structured social order, hierarchy, and any form of dogmatic thought and practice. After all, the universe is ever-changing, our views of reality are extremely limited, and so the only true experience of life is through direct, spontaneous engagement with the present moment, not through some fixed man-made collection of beliefs and convictions. The stories in the Zhuangzi show this typical Taoist playfulness and open-mindedness in viewing and approaching the world and put emphasis on subjective experience rather than a rigid set of views and ideas on ‘how things should be.’ Take, for example, probably the most famous story from the Zhuangzi, the “Butterfly Dream,” which shows how one’s whole reality and identity can change through subjective experience, questioning the validity and existence of objective reality altogether. Or, take the lesser-known story about the “Useless Tree,” which shows how even the most useless things have a place in the world and how every disadvantage comes with an often hidden advantage. We’ll explore this story later in this essay. Also, Zhuangzi encouraged living in harmony with nature, or the natural flow of existence, and not going against it or altering it. He stated: When all men do not carry their nature beyond its normal condition, nor alter its characteristics, the good government of the world is secured. End quote. Like his predecessor Lao Tzu, the life of this ancient philosopher is veiled in mystery. Despite the many stories about him and attributed to him, did he actually exist? And if so, what was his role in writing and compiling the book that carries his name? Some scholars argue that Zhuangzi was a real historical figure, while others believe that he may be a fictional character or a composite of several philosophers. Ultimately, the question of Zhuangzi’s historical existence remains open and may never be definitively resolved. One day, Zhuangzi and his friend Huizi took a stroll along the waterfront. Their eyes fell upon a gathering of men, utterly entranced by a stunning woman who graced the area with her presence. “She is so gorgeous,” Huizi said. As the pair continued their walk, Zhuangzi observed how the fish in the river and the birds in the sky would hastily flee at the sight of the woman. Turning to Huizi, Zhuangzi remarked, “Observe how the fish and birds are disturbed by this woman’s presence, while humans find her alluring and simply can’t keep their eyes off her.” Huizi nodded thoughtfully, and Zhuangzi added, “This illustrates how beauty is a matter of perspective. What one creature finds captivating may not hold the same appeal for another. Which of these beings knows what is truly beautiful in the world? Indeed, beauty lies in the eye of the beholder.” In this story, Zhuangzi underscores the relativity of not only beauty but also of all things in the world. Our perceptions and judgments don’t make facts. In regard to beauty, our perceptions and judgments are shaped by factors like individual experiences, cultural norms, time periods, and environments. However, there are also scientific data showing that across different cultures and time periods, people consider specific traits beautiful, like youthfulness, symmetrical faces, clear skin, and physical fitness. So, could we then speak of objective beauty? Even if the woman at the waterfront would be considered attractive by all humans, then, according to Zhuangzi, we still cannot say that she’s objectively beautiful. The fishes and birds found her atrocious. A dog probably doesn’t even care about or notice her beauty. And what could we say about trees and plants? Even though it’s disputed whether these organisms are sentient or not, if they are, they may be utterly indifferent to how she looks in the eyes of men. So, what we might call ‘universal’ beauty standards, are, in reality, just human beauty standards; they’re only true in the human experience. The thought that many (if not all) things are relative can be a source of calm. Our ideas, how important and ‘true’ they may seem, are nothing more than the perspectives coming from a species living on a tiny little dot in an endless universe. From a human perspective, what appears to be vast in size may seem minuscule when viewed from the vantage point of a star. Likewise, actions deemed immoral and unethical within human society may not hold the same negative connotations when considered through the eyes of a hungry lion. The realization that everything is relative can lead to a more carefree approach to life as we learn to let go of rigid beliefs and put subjective experiences, opinions, personal tastes, and views in perspective. They aren’t as definitive and all-encompassing as they might seem. So, the less reason we have to cling to them and take them so darn seriously. One day, Cook Ding demonstrated his exceptional butchery skills by carving an ox, his blade gliding effortlessly through the meat without dulling. In awe, a nobleman asked how he managed such mastery, to which Cook Ding explained that he relied on wu-wei (or effortless action) by following the natural order of things and following his instinct. Thus, his craft became an elegant dance, harmonious with the universe and unencumbered by resistance and over-intellectualizing his actions. Wu-Wei is a central concept within Taoism, often translated as non-doing, doing nothing, and effortless action. If we’re engaged in a specific activity, we may experience being ‘in the zone,’ so to speak, in which our intellectual activity is minimal, and whatever we’re doing seems to go automatically without thinking and effort. When we’re in the zone, there’s hardly any worry about the future or reminiscing the past; it’s pure clarity and immersion in our actions, like a dancer becoming the dance or a painter becoming the painting. Cook Ding achieved wu-wei after years of practice, so he was able to let his intuition (or the natural flow) take over. When I first began to cut up an ox, I saw nothing but the (entire) carcase. After three years I ceased to see it as a whole. Now I deal with it in a spirit-like manner, and do not look at it with my eyes. The use of my senses is discarded, and my spirit acts as it wills. Driving a car is another fitting analogy to illustrate the concept of wu-wei. When we first learn to drive, our minds are preoccupied with every detail - the positioning of our hands on the wheel, the pressure applied to the pedals, and the constant need to check our mirrors. However, as we become more proficient, we begin to drive more instinctively, no longer consciously thinking about each action. It’s as if we’ve switched to autopilot, smoothly navigating the roads without excessive intellectual activity. Huizi complained to Zhuangzi about a large tree totally unfit to make wooden planks of. The tree was extremely crooked, the main trunk was gnarled and knotted, and the branches were twisted. The was no carpenter that could use the tree, as opposed to the straight trees, so the woodcutters never touched it. Then, Zhuangzi said: “Have you ever observed the wildcat? It crouches concealed and waits for its prey to wander in range – then it springs left or right, heedless of heights and chasms. And yet wildcats spring our traps and die in our nets. Or take the yak, big as a cloud hung from the sky – it’s skilled at being huge, but it can’t even catch a rat. Now you have this big tree but its uselessness is a trouble to you. Why don’t you plant it in the village and amble beside it doing nothing at all, or wander free and easy lying asleep beneath it? No ax will ever cut short its life, nothing will ever harm it. If there’s no use for it, what hardship could ever befall it?” Many people overlook the usefulness of uselessness. It seems that we’re only interested in what’s useful while scorning what we deem useless. But the crooked tree story shows that seemingly useless things can be very useful; the tree became a spot to relax, have a romantic time with a lover, and hide from the sun, and eventually, people considered it a holy place because of its longevity and unique shape. Moreover, the perceived uselessness (from a human standpoint, the use of the tree for wooden planks) served as a ticket for survival, as people were not motivated to cut it down. But there’s more to the usefulness of uselessness. From the Taoist point of view, the thing we perceive as useless is necessary for things to function. As Lao Tzu mentioned, everything is interdependent. There can’t be high without low, there can’t be before without after, and, reasoning from the same principle, there can’t be usefulness without uselessness. A cup cannot be used without the empty space within it. A door is useless without the emptiness through which one can walk. The same sentiment is shared in the Zhuangzi, in which the Chinese philosopher argued that even though only a few acres of the Earth’s surface are suitable for farmland, these pieces of farmland wouldn’t serve any purpose, nor would they ‘operate’ if the rest of the Earth didn’t exist. So, if we ever feel useless (or are considered useless), we can always think of the usefulness of uselessness. Useful people can’t be useful without those that have no use within a specific context. There can’t be doctors without patients, there can’t be gossipers without despicable people to gossip and complain about. For example, philosophical entertainer Alan Watts mentioned in one of his talks the people we tend to complain about have a function, which is not only that they generate a great portion of our conversation but also as a reference point to make ourselves feel better than others. The reason there are ‘good people’ is that there are ‘bad people;’ without bad people, or at least the concept of what makes a bad person, good people would not exist. If there isn’t ‘bad,’ what makes something else ‘good?’ So, if you’re perceived as a bad, useless person, you can always think: “Well, at least I make others feel good about themselves.” The impermanent nature of the universe is another topic Zhuangzi seems to be concerned with. Once, the Taoist sage demonstrated how he embraced the ever-changing nature of life when his wife passed away. His friend Huizi paid him a visit to offer condolences and was taken aback to find Zhuangzi sitting on the ground, tapping on a basin and singing. Huizi couldn’t help but express his bewilderment, questioning Zhuangzi’s seemingly inappropriate behavior. Zhuangzi, in his typically calm and insightful manner, explained to Huizi that, initially, he was indeed saddened by his wife’s passing. However, he soon began to contemplate the nature of her existence. Before she was born, she had neither life nor form and even before that, she didn’t even have breath. Over time, changes occurred, giving rise to breath, form, life, and eventually, her death. Zhuangzi recognized that these transformations were as natural as the progression of seasons, and her death was just another part of this cosmic dance. As he gazed upon her peaceful face, Zhuangzi understood that to weep and wail would be to reject the inherent impermanence of life. Instead, he chose to celebrate the ever-changing nature of existence and embrace the ebb and flow of life’s journey. In doing so, Zhuangzi showed us that by accepting the impermanence of all things, we can more easily cope with life’s many transformations; the loss of loved ones, the aging of our bodies, gain and loss, fame, and disrepute. Just before Zhuangzi died, he stopped his disciples from organizing a marvelous funeral. “What more is necessary for a proper goodbye than Heaven and Earth as a coffin, the stars and planets as decorations, and all beings present as company?” he stated. But his disciples protested, arguing that without a coffin and burial, the crows and vultures would eat their beloved sage. Characterizing his carefree and playful attitude, Zhuangzi replied: “Above ground, crows and vultures will consume me, while below ground, ants and worms will feast upon me. In both situations, I will be devoured. What makes you favor ants and worms so much?” Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nterracall [1 likes]: Loving your channel & the authentic voice 🙏🏻
  2. @Manuka_888 [1 likes]: Wu wei is more than heuristics.
  3. @david.s.5336 [1 likes]: Danke für die hilfe der erinnerung an die sorglosigkeit...
  4. @CuriousGeorge60: China has so much ancient wisdom
  5. @StoicMindsetLab-US: Zhuangzi’s perspective is so refreshing!
  6. @drvoke: His friend Wheezy... bro im crine 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  7. @renorobin1525: AMAZINGGG❤
  8. @StoicQuietStorm: Zhuangzi's views are so refreshing!
  9. @dgjbft5432: Some strawberries are sweeter than others. Just like people.
  10. @StoicSoulForge-US: Zhuangzi's wisdom is so refreshing!
  11. @StoicHabitLab: What a unique perspective on life!
  12. @StoicQuietStorm: Zhuangzi truly brings a fresh perspective!
  13. @FuckingPurple: "take the story of..." well, i would, but you have not told it to me
  14. @conephompany: Is the first story true to its teaching?  What about 'your comfort zone will kill you?' What about denying the people and the nation the good he could do for them, the wisdom to share and ideas to implement, for the sake of keeping his own peace? Is this not shortsighted if not selfish? Should we not look at these things and just take the teaching for what it says... but i feel even the main message can't be right. So i ask again is the teaching correct?
  15. @StoicPowerMethod: Zhuangzi's perspective is refreshing!
  16. @StoicIronSpirit: Zhuangzi had such a unique perspective!
  17. @StoicSilentPower: His perspective is so refreshing and real.
  18. @FreelikeaBird999: just an auto translate from Chinese version . I was thinking to see some different ideas from a western perspective and interpretation . But no .
  19. @danteaurther4828: What is the music that you used at the end of the video? Kindly let me know
  20. @TheQuietWealth_US: Western Stoicism teaches us to endure the storm. Eastern Taoism teaches us to become the water. Both lead to the same destination: Unshakeable Peace. A perfect visual essay.

- The Most Important Things in Life Are “Useless”｜Zhuangzi Was Right All Along: Kind: captions Language: en Modern life has a simple rule. If it's not useful, it's a waste of time. If it doesn't make money, it's not worth doing. And uh if it doesn't lead somewhere, it shouldn't be started. And then slowly, without noticing, we begin to measure everything this way. What's the point? What's the return? What do I get out of this? But something strange is happening. We have never been more efficient, and yet we have never felt more empty. People don't daydream anymore. They optimize. They don't explore. They calculate. Even hobbies are no longer free. They are turned into side hustles. Even rest feels good if it isn't productive. And then in this constant calculation, something quietly disappears. Curiosity, wonder, the courage to do something for no reason at all. Zhuangzi once said, >> [snorts] >> the usefulness of the useless is the greatest usefulness. At first, it sounds like a paradox, but it may be one of the most accurate descriptions of how human progress actually works. Uselessness does not mean meaningless. It means not driven by immediate reward, not forced into productivity, not reduced to a function. It is the act of doing something simply because you are drawn to it, out of curiosity, out of love, out of a quiet sense that this matters, even if you can explain why. This is where art begins. This is where science begins. This is where exploration begins. Not with profit, but with wonder. There was a time when humans spent over two centuries trying to measure the distance between the Earth and the Sun. Not for profit, not for immediate application, but because they wanted to know. They tracked a rare event, the transit of Venus, when the planet passes across the face of the Sun. It required the patience across generations, coordination across nations, and a willingness to pursue something that had no clear return. In 1769, an expedition led by James Cook sailed to Tahiti to observe it. Astronomy, navigation, geography, all aligned for a single moment that lasted only hours. From that useless curiosity, we refined our understanding of the solar system. We improved navigation. We expanded the known world. What began as wonder becomes civilization. Now, compare that to how most people live today. We have more tools, more comfort, more access to knowledge than any generation before us, and yet we hesitate to begin. We scroll endlessly, consuming fragments of other people's lives. We have ideas, many ideas, but we rarely act on them because before we begin, we ask, "Will this be useful?" And if the answer is unclear, we stop. Not because we are incapable, but because we are afraid of doing something that cannot be justified. What we are losing is not the intelligence. It is something more fundamental. The willingness to be naive, to be pointless, to be moved by something without needing a reason. That is childlike impulse to explore, to imagine, to try. It's not a weakness. It is the origin of everything we now call useful. Without it, there's no art, no breakthrough, no leading into the unknown, only repetition, optimization, and the slow exhaustion. Zhuangzi's insight is simple. If you are only pursuing what is useful, you will never reach what truly matters. Because what truly matters always begins as something unnecessary, something inefficient, something unjustified, something useless. The things that move humanity forward are rarely born from calculation. They come from curiosity, from passion, from a quiet refusal to reduce life into transactions. And maybe the real danger today is not that we waste the time, but that we no longer allow ourselves to do anything that looks like a wasting time. Because in that space, that unproductive, unnecessary, useless space, is where life begins to feel alive again. What do you call the useless today may be the most important thing you ever do.

  Top Comments:
  1. @C0sm0s-d6q [6 likes]: When I watched matrix movie as a college student  I never understood. Now when I watch it, I realized most people including me are living in that.
  2. @adamharlot5927 [2 likes]: Sun Tzu once said ‘no one can use you, if you are useless!’
  3. @crystalidx [1 likes]: I have moved away from home city of 16 years and quit my job to embark on a new goal. No reason or evidence of success, just the leap of faith that will lead to something.
  4. @beerman204 [1 likes]: Being useful and efficient is becoming the province of AI and robots.....whatever will WE do?
  5. @dariostabletopminatures: Thank you soooo much!
  6. @januarysaturdayone: Vice-versa. Meaninglessness is just as useful as meaningfulness. Both experiences are complete.:face-red-heart-shape:
  7. @david.s.5336: So what happens when you try to use me, for whatever reasons maybe for your benifit...the point is i am not something to used by people, i am not yours, and you cant use me!...
  8. @mrinmayeeb5734: Thank you for saying it out loud! It makes so much sense!
  9. @Dodo-ym8cc: That is maybe in China like that. Not everywhere like that in the world.
  10. @johnperniciaro785: I understand you.  Keep sharing your knowledge and intuitions.
  11. @RichardBlaster: This is so true, meth and stimfapping are two of the most rewarding things i have ever experienced in life.
  12. @Shunyataa: ✨💎✨
  13. @adolflbqt: Without any talent and skill, you're useless. 
This is me.
Death trap.
  14. @TT-fq7pl: These days, we don't even allow childhood to be useless. Everything a kid does has to be justified. Pre-internet, children had a great deal more freedom. I almost never see a child under the age of ten just out playing unaccompanied and unsupervised by adults. It's very sad.
  15. @sanketpatel5688: Please more videos on Taoism ❤
I will subscribe your channel now even if you not upload any more video on Taoism 😢
  16. @JulianBrowne-y1d: Lovely exposition of the primacy of the useless, thank you. You could also be speaking in the same breath about love.
  17. @IANTHESEIRA: Useless becomes useful (when you narrow down activity only to what is immediately fulfilling) Useful becomes abusive (when you compulsively repeat what is only useful, resulting in less and less rewards over time ) Abusive directs this unhappiness to the useless, (so that the useless become useful again by serving as the targets of abuse). And the cycle repeats itself. This is the basis of cycles of poverty and wealth, as well as cycles of crime and punishment, powered by supply and demand, righted and wronged., abuser and abused, useless and useful.
  18. @Alfachri87: Belajr skill dominan non abstrak
  19. @Wehrkraftzersetzer-001: -> The Joy Of Being A Spiritual Loser: Being No One Going No Where
here on YT
  20. @GMGains: Short video, crisp and deep!! well done mate, well said. Above we have been tricked!

- Unraveling Zhuangzi: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back everyone to The Explainer. I am absolutely thrilled you're here today because, well, we're going to do something a little bit different. We are going to solve a historical mystery, and in the process, we're going to unlock an incredibly modern anti-hustle philosophy from ancient China. Seriously, if you are feeling burnt out, over-scheduled, or just kind of trapped by the endless expectations of modern life, the ancient genius we're looking at today might just be the exact cure you need. Okay, let's dive right into this. If you were digging through older historical timelines, or, you know, dusty old encyclopedias, you might actually stumble upon this exact garbled phrase, "Chuang Tzu, founder of Chinese Monist religious philosophy." I mean, it sounds incredibly dry, super academic, and honestly, a bit intimidating. But the truth, this outdated label completely misrepresents one of the most brilliant, playful, and deeply skeptical minds in all of human history. Let's clear up that confusion right away. That weird Chuang Tzu spelling is actually just a distortion from an old, clunky English translation system for Chinese called Wade-Giles. The actual historical figure is Zhuang Zhou, who is most commonly known as Master Zhuang or Zhuang Zhou. And contrary to those old, dusty texts, he wasn't the absolute founder of Taoism. That title traditionally belongs to Laozi and the Daodejing. Nor was he a strict Monist just trying to push some rigid one-substance doctrine. Actually, scratch that. It's more like he was an incredibly influential interpreter of Taoist thought who absolutely loved to playfully dissolve our rigid divisions between right and wrong, dream and waking, useful and useless. Section 1, Warring States chaos, a violent age. To truly understand how radical his ideas were, we have to grasp the world he was living in. Zhuangzi lived roughly between 369 and 286 BCE. This was right in the thick of the Warring States period. Now, while his personal biographical record is pretty brief, and honestly, a bit legendary, we know for an absolute fact he lived in a violently chaotic age. China wasn't unified yet. You had massive competing states like Chin, Chu, and Chi constantly battling for supremacy, power, and territory. It was an era of high anxiety and constant survival pressure. And because the world felt like it was totally falling apart, everyone had a theory on how to fix it. This led to what's called the Hundred Schools of Thought. You had the Confucians arguing for strict ritual and family order. You had the Mohists pushing for practical benefits and anti-war policies. You had the Legalists demanding hardcore laws and state discipline. It was basically a loud, crowded room of competing ideologies. But Zhuangzi's unique Daoist approach completely different. Instead of screaming his doctrine the loudest, his response was to just step back and ask, "Why is everyone so utterly sure that their viewpoint is the final absolute truth?" Section two, the Dao and transformation, the flow of things. That skeptical step-back approach brings us to the core concept that anchors his entire worldview. Now, what's really interesting here is the irony. We are giving Dao a firm definition, translating it as the way or the spontaneous transforming process of nature, but Zhuangzi himself constantly warned us that the deepest Dao cannot actually be captured by ordinary human language. It's not some strict law handed down by a king. It's the living, breathing movement of the universe. And the truly wise person, they don't try to dominate it, they learn to move right along with it. And we learn how to move with it by reading his book, appropriately titled the Zhuangzi. It's made up of 33 chapters divided into inner, outer, and miscellaneous sections, with the first seven inner chapters being the ones most closely tied to him personally. But listen, if you open this book, do not expect a dry textbook. No way. It is a wild forest of stories, jokes, talking animals, and bizarre paradoxes. It is literally literary philosophy at its absolute finest. Section three, butterflies and useless trees, shifting perspectives. So, how exactly does a genius like this teach? Definitely not through step-by-step logical proofs. He uses unforgettable, mind-bending parables. This brings us to his most famous story, the butterfly dream. Zhuangzi falls asleep and dreams he is a butterfly, fluttering around entirely unaware of being a human. But, when he wakes up, he's struck by a profound question. Was he a man dreaming he was a butterfly, or is he right now a butterfly dreaming he is a man? He doesn't offer a rigid scientific theory to solve this. Instead, he uses wonder to challenge our fixed sense of identity, reminding us that reality from the inside is highly subjective. And this brilliant mindset completely shifted how he viewed societal pressures, too. Think about it. Society heavily values the straight, useful tree, right? But, what happens to it? Boom, it gets chopped down by carpenters. The twisted, gnarly on the other hand, is deemed completely useless by society. But, because it's useless, no one cuts it down, it survives, it grows huge, and it lives in total peace. He literally turns our standard categories upside down, showing us that being ignored by rulers and bosses can actually be the ultimate freedom. He pushes this idea of perspective even further in a famous debate with his friend Huizi. They're walking by a river, and Zhuangzi casually notes how happy the fish are. Huizi immediately challenges him, saying, "You aren't a fish. How can you possibly know the happiness of fish?" The playful argument that follows is a master class in relativism. Zhuangzi's reminding us that small birds, giant birds, humans, and fish all experience reality in vastly different ways. Assuming the human viewpoint is the only valid one, well, that's just sheer arrogance. Section four, Wu Wei and unforced action, applying the philosophy. So, shifting our perspective sounds great in theory, but how do we actually apply this? How do we navigate a demanding, stressful world without getting chopped down like that street tree? Zhuangzi gives us the ultimate practical example with the story of Cook Ding. Ding is a butcher carving an ox for a ruler. Now, a novice butcher just hacks aggressively, ruining his knife, constantly fighting the animal's structure. But, Cook Ding, he is a master. After years of deep practice, he doesn't hack it all. He lets his knife just glide effortlessly through the natural empty spaces in the joints. His action isn't strained or overthought. It's perfectly attuned to the exact situation in front of him. This illustrates an absolutely crucial concept, wu wei. It's so often poorly translated as non-action or doing nothing, but that's just wrong. As Cook Ding shows us, wu wei is definitely not laziness. It is acting without forced, artificial, ego-driven struggle. It's intelligent ease. It means relaxing our deeply human obsession with control, and instead moving smoothly with the grain of reality. And you can see how this philosophy bleeds directly into his political views. You've got the Confucians and Legalists completely obsessed with perfect rules, rituals, and political ambition. But, Zhuangzi, he championed spontaneity. He was famously suspicious of power. In fact, when a king sent messengers to offer him a highly prestigious official post, Zhuangzi essentially told them to go away, saying he'd rather be alive and dragging his tail in the mud than honored and trapped inside a royal court. He firmly believed that human rules trapped the living spirit. Section five, death, transformation, and legacy, and natural flow. Now, he didn't just apply this flowing philosophy to careers and politics. He applied it to the ultimate human fear, profoundly shaping how millions of people would come to understand life and legacy. His historical footprint is massive. He expanded Taoism with incredible humor and literary genius. His concepts gave Chinese Buddhism the exact language it needed to explain things like emptiness and non-attachment. Even his rivals, the Neo-Confucians, deeply engaged with his work centuries later. But perhaps the most striking thing is his view on death. When his own wife died, he initially mourned, but then he stopped, realizing that life and death are simply natural transformations of chi or energy. It's a challenging yet profoundly beautiful acceptance of the flow of all things. Seasons change, bodies change, the Tao continues. Section six, Zhuangzi's modern relevance, overcoming the hustle. Let's be real. This isn't just dusty ancient history. Let's bring this right back to today, to your life. Zhuangzi is quite literally the ultimate medicine for modern burnout. In a world completely obsessed with the hustle, with grades, status, relentless ambition, and these super rigid categories of what makes a person Zhuangzi is the ancient philosopher who sounds like he's just laughing at overconfident adults. He reminds us that our intellectual arrogance is a trap and that we aren't separate from nature. We are part of the exact same Tao as the rivers and the wind. Which leaves us with this final provocative thought to ponder today. Are you living freely? Or are you trapped by other people's labels? Are you exhausting yourself trying to be the straight tree that gets chopped down for society's use? Or can you find the courage to be just a little bit useless and wander freely within life's mystery? Think about that as you go about your week. Thank you so much for joining me on the Explainer and I will see you next time as we continue to map out the world's most fascinating ideas.

- The Greatest Daoist Philosopher: Zhuangzi: Kind: captions Language: en they're we are just thrilled about the part the interest and uh um in having professor brian van norden here with us today my name is pauline lee and i am a member of the department of theology here at st louis university and um professor van norden first was going to speak to our class and there was such interest expressed by people who heard he was coming and he was so generous that we have now been inspired to turn it into a series of talks called tea time with the sages and our next one will be in april email me i'll put it on the chat if at pauline.li at slu.edu i'll put it in the chat for further information it will be april the 16th and um part of the audience right now is the next speaker professor tobias zern um let's see anything else i need to tell you um yes professor van norden has he'll take questions and comments after his talk and you are welcome either to put them in the chat anytime during his talk and we'll go through those and try to sort them out or simply just raise your hand after the talk and he'll take questions i think that is it for me and i'm going to turn this over to my colleague and my co-conspirator professor helen de cruz hi everybody i'm helen de cruz and i teach philosophy at st louis university i hold the danford chair in the humanities and i am at the philosophy department and i'm really thrilled happy very grateful to professor van norden to to talk for us so he is the james monroe taylor chair in philosophy at vazar college in the us and chair professor in philosophy in the school of philosophy at wuhan university in china he has published 10 books on chinese and comparative philosophy including the introduction to classical chinese philosophy readings in later chinese chinese philosophy readings and classical chinese philosophy taking back philosophy a multicultural manifesto he has done so much to show the importance of chinese philosophy and why it is relevant and important that we teach this at western philosophy department and i'm very grateful for all the outreach that he's done in that regard so without further ado we'll turn it over to professor van norden well thank you very much both to professor de cruz and to professor lee having me here today and thank you all suit to st louis university for sponsoring this event and of course thank you to the students and the other people who joined us for the presentation today most of my translations will be coming from this volume readings in classical chinese philosophy edited by philip ivanhoe who's now at georgetown university uh and myself uh it's the second edition although the third edition will be coming out in a year or so so if you'd like to check out the translations you're welcome to use that so i'm talking today about juwanza and in the initial advertisements for the talk i said he was a great taoist philosopher but in fact some people would say he is the greatest taoist philosopher although not as well known in the west as lauza so to give you a sense of what chuang's is like juwanza had a philosophical colleague a fellow philosopher named huiza and you might say they were friends but i think to use a contemporary expression we might say that juans and hueza were really frenemies because they they kind of were friends but they also had some very intense philosophical disagreements and that's reflected in this anecdote which comes from the sayings of chiwanza so juans and wades were out walking one day and they were going on a bridge over the howe river and juansa looked out to fish and said wow this is what fish really like they like swimming around to and fro carelessly going with the flow in the water and wade's uh eyes juwongsen says you're not a fish how do you know what fish like without missing a beet juanza says no i'm not a fish but you're not me so how do you know what i know huev shoots back true i'm not you so i don't know you but i do know you're not a fish so therefore you don't know what fish enjoy dwanza then says let's go back to the beginning of the argument you asked me how do i know what fish like well the question assumes that i do know what fish like so you agree with me that i know your only question was how do i know how do i know i know by standing here above the river howe now that gives you a flavor for what the juans is like and it raises some interesting questions because there are some people who think that this is a very powerful philosophical exchange and juwanza is making a deep philosophical point there are other people like me who think that this is primarily just a philosophical joke a kind of a sophistry but even the people like me who think this is just kind of a joke kind of a sophistry we have to answer well why is it included in the juansa if it's just a joke what's the point of the joke and i think there is a kind of point to it even if it is just a joke and if we have time we'll return to that later but first let's try to contextualize a little bit who who this guy juwangza is and uh you know what his writings are like so here on the left we have an actual chinese postage stamp it's from a series of ancient thinkers and i've got these stamps in my collection uh there's one for confucius there's one from for some other philosophers you might not have heard of like mangza and maudzia and this is the juanza stamp and dwanza is a real historical individual he lived in the fourth century bce in china uh he was a contemporary of a num number of other very influential philosophers and the writings attributed to juwanza are eponymous which is a fancy way of saying that their writings attributed to juan's are just called the juansa but we know that the juansa as a text didn't take its current form until long after the time of the historical individual jawanza the juanza reached its current form sometime around 300. of the common era and the text of the juansa is conventionally divided into three parts the inner chapters which are the first seven chapters in the wongsa the outer chapters then the miscellaneous chapters now some people and i'm one of these people thinks that the inner chapters show a linguistic consistency that suggests although it doesn't absolutely prove that this text is by one author but that doesn't mean there's nothing valuable in the outer chapters or miscellaneous chapters it doesn't mean there's nothing that's authentically juangzian but for example in our selections we focus on the inner chapters because we it feels to us that these are by one author one philosopher but that's a controversial claim now how do we categorize chewang in terms of the systems of thought in china there's a traditional view about who dwanza is and how he fits into chinese philosophy and i'm going to give you this traditional view because it's very influential both in china other parts of east asia and also you see this repeated in a lot of textbooks and i'm going to problematize that view suggest there's a problem with it but it's really influential so you should know the view now among the traditional systems of chinese philosophy that survived into later errors it's common to classify many thinkers as either confucians or taoists and a traditional story you get is that taoism is founded by this figure lauza who supposedly wrote this work called the dao da jang the classic of the way in virtue and supposedly laozi was a slightly older contemporary of kunsa kuns is better known in the west by the latinization of his name of confucius and the traditional story goes that laozi found taoism kunsa founds confucianism and then one of the major later followers of confucius is mangza sometimes known by the latinization of his name as mencius and mangza according to the traditional account is just explicating or defending what kunsa originally said and then likewise in a parallelism is a taoist who is just explicating or defending what laudza originally said now uh i'm gonna claim and i'm not everybody agrees with this but there are many scholars both in china and the west who would agree with this that this account is fundamentally wrong in important ways the confucianism side of the equation is not as wrong monza certainly thinks that he is defending the tradition of which kungsa confucius is one of the major if not the major figures however some scholars have suggested and i've suggested this that what confucianism means for mangza might not be the same as what confucianism means for kungsa although manza certainly thinks he's defending what kungsa said even more problematic is the right hand side of this chart because first of all taoism didn't exist as anything like an organized movement in the time of laozi or juan's wouldn't know what you meant if you said they were taoists taoism as a religious and philosophical movement really developed later in the han dynasty which is a later period in chinese thought after the period uh that these guys all lived in so not only would laoz and zhuangzan not recognize that they were taoists but zhuangzi i don't think thought of himself as defending or developing the ideas of laoza there are some references to laodza in the juwangza but zhuangzi never speaks of louds as if he's the master he's defending so it's worth understanding that this is how we categorize these thinkers but it's a a categorization that they themselves might have thought was kind of alien but it is true that jawanza was a contemporary of this confucian philosopher mangza and it's true that juansa disagreed with manza about a lot of things so for example uh the sayings and dialogues attributed to manza are also eponymous that is to say they're named after him the writings and sayings amongst are called the mangza and in a very famous passage amongst the passage 2a6 manga says the heart of compassion is the sprout of benevolence and the heart of disdain is the sprout of righteousness what does he mean by that what mangza means by that is that humans spontaneously sometimes have feelings of compassion for other humans or other animals even and this spontaneous feeling of represents an innate but incipient tendency towards the virtue of just like the sprout of a plant is not a full-grown plant this this sprout could be the sprout of an apple tree for all we know but obviously this sprout in the photograph is not capable of bearing fruit that's okay uh but the sprout has an active potential to become a fully formed apple tree likewise the sprout of benevolence has the capacity to develop into a fully formed virtue of benevolence but at the beginning it's just innate and incipient so likewise we disdain to do certain things we have an ethical sense of shame to regard things like cheating in a sporting event as shameful we're embarrassed if people catch us cheating in a sporting event or if people treat us with contempt we're upset about that we disdain to be treated with contempt amongst us says these innate tendencies to regard certain things is shameful that's the sprout the innate but incipient disposition which can grow into the virtue of righteousness or integrity so mangza thinks that human nature has these innate but incipient tendencies towards virtue and you can use these as a guide to what is right and wrong you have to cultivate them and develop them but still in your innate nature are dispositions towards virtue that can be your guide now what is among sorry what does juan's say in response well this is a passage in the jewongsa that says the sprouts of benevolence and righteousness and the pathways of right and wrong are all snarled and jumbled and if you remember that zhuangzha is a younger contemporary of mangza the confucian and you remember that mangza talks about the sprouts of benevolence and the sprouts of righteousness you realize that juan's is here critiquing something that moses says and what is amongst them what does sorry what does zhuangzi mean our taoist philosopher mean when he says the sprouts of benevolence and righteousness are all snarled and jumbled to illustrate this i have used a picture i was teaching in singapore for a few years and i went on a vacation during one break to indonesia and i took a tour of a this kind of jungle area and the the guy who was steering the boat he would point to snakes in the trees around us and say oh look there's a snake right above us and he kept pointing and saying look you see the snake you see the snake i couldn't see the snake but eventually just so we could keep going i said oh yeah i see the snake and i took a photograph with my cell phone then i get the photograph back at my room that night i blow it up really big i look at it really carefully and eventually if you look really carefully on that one branch there's something curled around the branch that's the snake he was referring to so what's my point it's if you're looking at a tangle of growth it can be very hard to identify one thing from another thing in this case i couldn't even see a snake that was right in front of me juan's is saying that confucians like mongzo want us to look in our minds and identify the sprouts of virtue and cultivate them but zhuangz is saying how are you going to identify the sprouts of virtue and distinguish them from the weeds of vice in a way that isn't ultimately question begging of how do i know what a sprout of virtue is like when i see it or to put it in another way how can you tell you're actually feeding a sprout of virtue as opposed to nurturing a weed of vice how can you tell that you're say nurturing the sprout of righteousness instead of the sprout of self-righteousness how can you tell that you're nurturing the sprout of benevolence instead of the sprout of hypocrisy or condescension so and if if you don't recognize this gif i'm kind of dating myself here this is from a wonderful movie from i guess it was a few decades ago now little shop of horrors which is based on an even earlier movie and a broadway show and it's a delightful movie that i think you'd enjoy but it's about someone who feeds a plant and the plant grows into a monster so likewise juan za says look the sprouts of benevolence and righteousness are all snarled and tangled with other things how are you going to identify them that's a clever and suggestive rhetorical device but it's not yet a tightly formed philosophical argument does give us a precise philosophical argument against the position that we find in manza he does and at first if you read wong's argument it might not be clear what point he's making what he says at one point is comes from this and this follows from that this is the doctrine of the parallel birth of this and that now when you read this you might be like uh what are you talking about you want so i have no idea what's going on here he's actually making a really interesting point in the philosophy of language and this chart illustrates it if you're learning english one of the things you have to learn is whether you say it's this apple if you're referring to an apple that's close by or that apple if you're referring to an apple that's far away likewise in english we distinguish singular and plural and so if you have a bunch of apples nearby there are these apples if you have a bunch of apples in the distance they're those apples you find this phenomenon in every language terms whose proper use depends on their context of utterance and this and that are classic examples of terms which in order to use them correctly you need to know who's using them and what the context is so i might refer to this cup of coffee but if you wanted to refer to the same cup of coffee you'd call it that cup of coffee because to you it's that cup of coffee interesting little tidbit but why is that so important it turns out that this and that are examples of terms that we find in all human languages whose reference depends on their context of use and linguists and philosophers of language sometimes refer to these as indexicals examples of indexicals include this and but also pronouns like i you her i can use i to refer to this person you would have to use you or him to refer to likewise now before or after right whether we're talking about something happening now the same instant of time that is now now will be before and another point in time and after at another point in time likewise left right above below right so in the in the building where i usually teach there are bathrooms on the uh first floor and the fourth floor and so if you want to know are the bathrooms on this floor are they above are they below depends on what floor you're in right so it depends on your perspective okay that's kind of neat that every language has these indexical expressions okay interesting but why is juan's just so concerned with this we know that it wasn't just zhuangza who was concerned with the problem of indexicals other philosophers in his era also discussed them one of those philosophers was remember the guy over the bridge over the river howe juan's frenemy that he always likes to engage in this these playful philosophical debates um sometimes you think they're not so fl playful was actually famous in his own era for propounding a series of paradoxes and unfortunately we have wade's as paradoxes but we no longer have wade's arguments in favor of the paradoxes but i think you can make a very plausible case that the way to understand wade's paradoxes is they all depend upon indexicals and here's a great example of them one of the things that wades is famous for having said was i went to uh today and i got there yesterday what is uh uh was a state far to the south of the part of china that juansa and mangza and hueza were from they were from the yellow river valley which is way to the north of china and ue is way down in the south so the idea that you could go to uh and get there yesterday is really paradoxical how could that possibly be true well here's one possible interpretation maybe i leave for the state of uh on tuesday i travel tuesday and wednesday and i arrive in uh on thursday then if i said i went to uh today said on tuesday that is true and then i got there yesterday let's suppose actually i arrived in uh on wednesday then i could truthfully say on thursday that i got to uh yesterday whether it's true that i got to uh today and i got there yesterday depends on the perspective from which we evaluate today and yesterday and we know jawanza was interested in these paradoxes not just because he liked to argue with wadeza who propounded the but also because he refers to this paradox in a particular passage chiwanza says if your made up or fixed heart or mind counts as a teacher then who doesn't have a teacher but to have right and wrong before you've made up your mind before you've made up your heart that's like going to you ed today and getting there yesterday it doesn't make any sense zhuangz is saying that just like today and yesterday these indexable terms depend upon your perspective so likewise does do the judgments of your heart which manga wanted to use to ground morality depend upon your perspective and furthermore juan's started to wonder what if every truth is ultimately indexical what if every claim ultimately has to be grounded in judgments that depend upon your perspective to be true or false is there any way to get it a truth that's not ultimately indexical in the way that this that right left up down now before after our indexical i think chuangzoo was very attracted to this view that ultimately all truths are indexable and he applied this to morality so in a passage nearby the one that i quoted earlier juan za says what is this is also that right it's this cup from my perspective it's that cup from your perspective and what is that is also this that is both right and wrong this is also both right and wrong and wong's is doing something really clever in the original chinese here that's a little hard to follow in the english because what is pointing out is that there's a term in chinese in the center of this diagram sure sure can be a demonstrative pronoun in which case it means this and as a demonstrative pronoun this sure sure is contrasted with b which means but the same term sure can also be a moral term or it can be a verb which refers to being right being correct and in that sense sure is contrasted with fey meaning is wrong so by means of this kind of pun in classical chinese chuanza is suggesting that just as this and that are not objectively true but depend upon your perspective so likewise right and wrong also depend upon your perspective and he makes this explicit in a passage where he says how is the way the right way to live the right way to organize society how is the way obscured that there are true and false how are words obscured that there are right and wrong where can you go that the way does not exist how can words exist and not be okay the way is obscured by small completions words are obscured by glory and show so we have the rights and wrongs of the confucians and the most each calls right what the other calls wrong and each calls wrong with the other calls right now the moest were another ancient chinese philosophical school and they didn't survive the the movement didn't survive into the following han dynasty but the confusions of the most disagreed about a lot so for example the confucians said that what filial piety requires is that you show a kind of favoritism to your parents over other old people and your children over other young the most in contrast advocated impartial caring gen eye and so they thought that uh there might be practical reasons for aiding one person over another for practical uh practicalities but in terms of their their moral weight or your obligation to them you have equal you ought to have equal concern in principle for everybody so the confucians call conventional filial piety right and they call the impartial caring of the most wrong the moes call conventional filial piety wrong and impartial caring right now that debate we can understand and we understand similar debates in our own society about is capital punishment ever justified um do is abortion something that women have a right to or do you regard abortion as murder is gun is the right to own a firearm an intrinsic right that every u.s citizen has or or can firearms be heavily regulated but what if those disagreements are like having a disagreement over whether it's this mug or that mug if right now professor de cruz or professor lee interrupted me and said you keep talking about this mug it's not this mug it's that mug and i said you're wrong that's ridiculous it's not that mug it's this mug and we started getting really heated about this you'd laugh at us you'd say that's ridiculous what are you guys arguing about it's this mug from van norton's perspective it's that mug from professor lee's or professor de cruz's perspective there's no objective fact about it but what if ethical disagreements are the same way chiwanza asks us so what is this conclusion now i'm going to suggest a tentative interpretation of what wongs is saying but i'm going to show you a technique i'm going to illustrate for you a technique in reading philosophical text because when you're reading a philosophical text you have to form hypotheses about what the text means but you also have to be open to the possibility that your initial hypothesis about what the text means is mistaken because it can't handle some other passages in the text i'm going to throw a hypothesis out there it's one very common way of reading the juanzo but i'm warning you i'm going to call into question in just a minute so maybe don't fall in love with it just yet but some people do fall in love with this hypothesis and some people think they read the juans and they think this is what the juans is about so the hypothesis is that what juan's is telling us is right and wrong are relative terms like this and that so it's wrong to criticize others just like you'd be silly to criticize me for saying well the bathroom is one floor up when you say no the black bathroom's not one floor up it's one floor down well if you're on the the fourth floor and the bathrooms on the third floor and i'm on the second floor we're both right why would we argue with each other so you want to say that impartial caring is right and filial piety is wrong well fine that's true from your perspective why should i argue with you so some people think this is what wongs is all but there are problems with this way of reading the juan said to start to understand the issues let's talk about the opening story in the juwangza the story of the giant fish that becomes a giant bird and i know if you're in uh professor de cruz and lee's class you've already looked at this passage a little bit um so the juan's opens with this great story about a giant fish that transforms into a giant bird by the way there's a statue of the giant fish at the moment it transforms into a giant bird on the campus of uhan university in china which is one of the institutions that i sometimes teach at and the the characters there on the front of the statue that's the a quotation of the juansa describing the giant fish turning into a giant bird i've actually been uh to this uh the square where they have this statue that's me with my daughter a few years ago in front of the statue and it's interesting because this statue was paid for by alumni of uhan university which is one of the top universities in china and it was paid for by alumni from the first class to graduate from uhan university after the cultural revolution during the cultural revolution in china in 1966 to 1976 universities were closed down and students were encouraged to join the red guards and to root out the last vestiges of feudalism and capitalism in chinese society and when the university was reopened at the end of the cultural revolution the students went on to become very successful and they donated money to build this statue we have time we can talk about why did the statue and this image from zhuangzi mean so much to them well let's look at the story and see what we think it means the juansa opens in the northern darkness there is a fish named minnow the chinese is kun one interpretation is that that means fish eggs or tiny fish although the name suggests a small fish no one knows how many thousand lee around he is a lisa unit of length it's about a third of a mile so this fish is hundreds of miles around he changes into a bird named breeze again we don't pun is just a name but it could be a holonym for breeze so let's read it that way he changes into a bird named breeze no one knows how many thousand leah cross he she is she ruffles and flies and her wings are like clouds hanging from heaven as the seas turns she thinks to migrate to the southern darkness the southern darkness is heaven's pool beautiful language and in particular think about this image of heaven's pool the chinese term chur suggests pond or a pool not an ocean but obviously the southern darkness has to be the size of an ocean to be a fitting resting place for this huge bird breeze so the point is that an ocean from our earthly perspective is a heaven sorry it's just a pool from the perspective of heaven the passage then continues the cicada and the student dove laugh at her saying when we start up and fly we struggle for the elm or the sandalwood sometimes we don't even make it but just plunk to the ground what is she doing rising 90 000 li and heading south juansa or the narrator then concludes what do these two little bugs know the cicada and the student of little knowledge does not measure up to big knowledge or few years to many so what's the message of this story one way you could read it is perfectly in line with the hypothesis i expressed before which is that juan's is saying that right and wrong good and bad appropriate and inappropriate depend upon your so you shouldn't judge others negatively so the cicada and the student of are mistaken for criticizing the bird breeze the punk bird because it flies differently from them it flies in the way that's appropriate to it that is one way you could read the opening story but there's a problem with our first hypothesis and the story of the cicada the dove and then later there's a quail that also laughs at at the bird breeze uh that story suggests the problem our hypothesis was that right and wrong are relative terms like this and that so it's wrong to criticize others but if right and wrong are relative terms then isn't it right relative to some of us to criticize others you know the cicada and the dove are just it's maybe it's their nature to criticize others that's what they do they criticize and condemn others that's what's appropriate for them so if it's wrong to criticize others then it seems like it's also wrong to criticize others for criticizing others so and if it's right to tolerate others then isn't it also right to tolerate others for being intolerant so the problem with the first hypothesis although it seems to make sense of a lot of passages in the chuangza is it ends up being kind of self-undermining and even in the story of the pungbird it's really not clear are we allowed to call the cicada and the dove and the quail just little bugs because they don't understand the pun that's how they understand the pug who are we to say that they're wrong but then is there any content to our relativism at all so it looks like we have to modify our first hypothesis but then what hypothesis should we go with another story in the drawing pardon me sorry another story in the dwanza suggests another way of reading juan's point supposedly a butcher was carving up an ox in front of a of an aristocrat lord went away and the thing was the butcher was carving up this ox so skillfully his hands just it was like dancing you know just zooming through the carcass and never hitting a bone and things that didn't just fell apart and ironically ivanhoe who co-edited readings and he and i coded readings in classical chinese philosophy and he did some of the translations in here his family owned a butcher shop and so i asked him about this and he said oh yeah somebody knows what they're doing it's just amazing to watch them cut up you know a carcass because their hand just glides through it and i know that i've tried to cut up just like a chicken and i just hack away at it because i don't know what i'm doing um so anyway the butcher is just miraculously carving this animal just falls apart so easily and lord huy says when hue says wow i didn't know skill could reach the such heights but the butcher says uh your highness what i care about is not just skill what i care about is the way and the butcher describes how he had to practice for years to get to the point where he could carve an animal this skillfully and he says his secret is that i rely on the heavenly patterns thienly and that becomes a really major term of art in later chinese philosophy in carving up the ox i rely on the heavenly patterns the natural structure of the ox i strike in the big gaps am guided by the large fissures and follow what is inherently so this suggests a very different vision of what wongs is advocating and so the butcher says his blade never gets dull because he never hits a bone because he just follows the inherent heavenly pattern of the ox as he carves it here's a second hypothesis for how we might understand what lungs is saying maybe juan's is saying that the right way to live is to follow the natural pattern of the world the tienli so through skillful engagement with things to naturally follow the to follow the natural pattern of the world in a skillful way and do it so well that you can do it spontaneously maybe that's the right way to live and the story of the butcher suggests that but now we got another problem which is well this helps us understand the story of the butcher how do we reconcile this with juan's comments about the relativity of right and wrong because it seems like there is a right way for the butcher to carve up the ox and so if following the natural pattern is the thing to do well then right and wrong aren't relative are they another passage gives us an answer to this so duquan was reading a book up in his hall and wheelwright's slab was chiseling a wheel in the courtyard blow wheelwright is just somebody who makes wheels for carts and wagons or maybe repairs uh wheels for carts and wagons and so duke wants reading a book and wheel writes slabs chiseling a wheel and will write slab looks up at duquan and says uh lord uh what are you what are you doing and the duke says oh i'm just reading the uh the words of the sages and the will right slab says are they alive or dead and he's and the duke says well they're dead now and the wheel right says well then you're just eating the leftovers of the deceased and duquan is outraged he's like how dare you question what i'm doing if you can explain what you mean by that you live but if you don't have a good explanation for making fun of me for reading the sages you're dead on the spot so we'll write slab very calmly says it's like my craft you know your majesty um when i chisel a wheel if i hit too softly it slips and won't bite if i hit too hard it jams and won't move neither too soft nor too hard i get it in my hand and respond with my heart but my mouth can't put it into words there's an art to it but your servant can't show it even to his own son and he can't get it from me and if you've ever done any kind of craft activity like i'm actually not a very crafty person in that sense i don't do a lot of craft things um i do play poker and ironically that this has resonances with some way things about how you play poker when you're playing it really well but uh i have seen you know documentaries about for example master stone masons who carve gargoyles on the side of buildings and they talk about how you know you have to just learn through practice how to hold the hammer and the chisel at just the right angle if you get it too steep you can destroy something and ruin months of work if you don't get it deep enough it just slides doesn't go in how do you do that you just have to learn it by doing it you could read a book about it but the book's not going to tell you how to do it or examples i like to use maybe these work better for you learning how to touch type one of the most useful courses i took in high school was a typing course where i just learned how to touch type you type learning to touch type is yeah i mean you follow rules but eventually your fingers just know where to go to type the words or playing a guitar or learning a martial art yeah you can read books about these things but at the end of the day the only way to really learn it is to do it you don't learn to play a guitar just by reading a book you have to play the guitar you don't learn how to box or how to do judo or jiu jitsu just by reading a book you have to actually do it and then what you know is a kind of knowledge that can't be completely put into words or think about riding a bicycle right when you ride a bicycle you can read a book about riding a bicycle but really the only way to ride a bicycle is to learn how to do it or floating it took me so long when i was a kid to learn how to float because i kept trying to follow the directions for how to float until i finally just said i just have to feel how to float and you can't you can give people guides but they're they don't really contain the full truth let's modify our first hypo our second hypothesis the right way to live is to follow the natural pattern of the world but maybe to want some things this way is not something that you can learn from words especially not words like right and wrong so zhuangzi uses language in order to show us that language like right and wrong true and false cannot completely reveal the truth so we must encounter the natural patterns of the world through skillful spontaneous action i'm just checking i think i might have a making sure i'm recording okay here okay um there we go okay so so that's our new hypothesis now about what juan's is saying that he's really telling us that um we have to uh we have to engage with the natural pattern of the world but in a way that language is not going to be adequate to explain to us now i mentioned before that wong is often responding to his contemporary the confusion amongst them and one of the most famous passages in the amongst is amongst the 187 it tells the story of how the king was sitting up in his hall and someone let an ox pass below this is a traditional chinese image of this scene the king's up there in the raised hall looking down the courtyard someone leads an aux through the courtyard and the king says to one of his advisors hey where's that ox going and the advisor explains oh the ox is being led to slaughter we're going to slaughter it to ritually consecrate a bell with its blood and the king says oh that's terrible i feel so sorry for that ox spirit i cannot bear its innocent appearance like an innocent person being led to the execution ground spirit and monks asked the king about this story and says i heard the story is that true and the king says yeah it's true and monza says the feeling the heart which you showed your majesty in sparing the ox being led to slaughter that feeling shows you have the capacity to be a great king if you would only try to do so and the king says why do you say that and monza says the compassion that you showed for the ox being led to slaughter show the same compassion for your subjects your subjects are like the ox in that they too are innocents being led to slaughter but the slaughter there led to is the wars of conquest that you launch your majesty the slaughter there led to is the starvation that occurs because you tax them so that you and your other aristocrats can have luxurious lives while they starve so if you would have the same compassion for your subjects that you had for that ox then you would be a great king it's a beautiful moving passage and we kind of like we're on amongst the side here because he's trying to encourage the the king to do the right thing but there's a puzzling aspect of this passage that you know most people notice my students always bring it up um and i it's always struck me too in the middle of telling the king that he has to try to be a better king mungza says hence gentlemen keep their distance from the kitchen hence gentlemen keep their distance from the kitchen what does that mean what it means is monza says well you see your majesty that's why people like you shouldn't go into the kitchen because having seen animals slaughtered you'll no longer be able to eat their flesh and so you shouldn't hurt your delicate sensibilities by watching the animals get killed but this seems really hypocritical right i mean if you really think it's bad for the animals to be slaughtered well here's an idea stop slaughtering them right but mangza doesn't take that seriously the reason i'm bringing all this up and discussing uh juwanza is that what does juan's ado juan says read manga obviously and he already refers to monza sprouts of virtue but he's obviously read the exchange involving the king in 187 what he what what juan's is doing is he's flipping amongst a story on its head so not only does zhuangzi say no the gentleman shouldn't keep their distance from the kitchen but in fact the gentleman can learn the right way to live by watching a butcher do his job and so zhuangzi inverts amongst the story and has a person yet learn a very different lesson from actually observing an animal carcass be dismembered while we're admiring zhuangzi for the quality of his rhetorical device of taking amongst his example and flipping it's on its head um and for pointing out the hypocrisy in mungus's suggestion uh you know you should show compassion for animals but maybe don't watch them be slaughtered because you know that would damage your delicate sensibilities let's also keep in mind what this seems to imply about juan's view about ethics because dwanza says yeah you can watch animals be slaughtered um and by the way i'm sorry i meant to give you a little like trigger warning before this slide came up because it's a little you know a little striking to see this but i wanted you to see this because i want you to realize this is what you want saying that watching somebody cut apart an animal carcass could actually give you an insight into what it's like to follow the natural pattern of the world but if you can be a drongzian butcher who carves up animal carcasses and that's how you express your skillful engagement with the world could you also be a bull fighter now i'm kind of torn about bull fighting it's illegal in many parts of the world but it's still practiced in some other parts of the world i find it fascinating because bull fighting is an echo of ancient rituals involving bowls that probably go back to the bronze age and the story of theseus of the minotaur may reflect ancient rituals involving the slaughter of bulls and so i'm kind of intrigued by it on the other hand i understand people who say look bull fighting is just cool because you're basically torturing an animal and then eventually killing it uh i mean this is you know a picador who's putting barbed spears in the back of the bowl which is one of the things that happens before the bull the bull fighter comes out and then eventually you know kills the bull but if you can be skillful in carving up an animal carcass presumably you could also be skillful as well right couldn't that be a way in which you could show your skillful interaction with the natural pattern of the world so this raises another problem for our so far we're thinking that zhuangzi says natural pattern of the world but this way is not something that you can learn from words especially not words like right and wrong but if you can follow the natural pattern by butchering an ox can you also follow it by being a skillful bullfighter or a skillful assassin or what about a skillful nazi officer there were some very skillful people who worked for the nazis in world war ii rommel was one of the greatest generals in world war ii and he fought on the nazi side werner von braun developed the german v1 and v2 rocket program and then at the end of the war he worked for nasa the united states probably would never have gotten to the moon without the assistance of ex-nazi collaborator verner von braun if juansa is about being skillful can you be skillful in a way that is amoral or even immoral well i wouldn't be able to forgive myself if i gave you a lecture on juan's and i didn't say something about what is probably the most famous story in the geelongs of the butterfly dream and a butterfly dream here is illustrated in with a wonderful illustration by one of your professors uh helen de cruz and she's got a forthcoming book that i've also had the honor of contributing to that illustrates some great philosophical thought experiments and the basic story is that uh one night juan's a dream to being a butterfly so he's dreaming of being a butterfly and floating around following the air currents think back to the bridge of the river how and how juan's appraised the fish for just flowing around and following the currents in the water and so he's having this nice dream and then he wakes up but in that moment where he's half awake he's not sure whether he's juanza who had dreamt that he was a butterfly or is he a butterfly that's now dreaming that he's a human chongza now what's the point of this example some people compare it to the dream argument of the western philosopher rene descartes and descartes trying to find the limits of human knowledge and trying to find out whether anything is absolutely certain reflected that he could be dreaming he thinks he's sitting writing this work meditations on first philosophy or sitting by a fire but he could wake up and realize that nope he wasn't in front of a fire that was all just a dream maybe his name isn't fake heart maybe you know he's not in a place that has a fire maybe he's somebody completely different maybe the whole world is different so juan's sorry descartes used his dream argument to argue that you can't know what the truth is i don't think that's the point of juan's dream argument some people have read it that way they said oh there's a skeptical argument you don't know whether you're a butterfly or a human i don't think that is the point because i think the point juan's is trying to make is that in the moment where juan's is not sure whether he's a butterfly or a human chuangza is getting a hint of the way the sage sees the world which is not to mark precise distinctions between butterfly and human in another passage chiwanza says that in ancient times there were those who thought there had never been anything perfect done there was nothing to add next were those who thought there were things but never any boundaries boundaries but never any right or wrong the way is lost in the glorification of right and wrong so the best way to see the world is not even to ask what what is real and what isn't real if you have to think about what is real and what isn't real at least don't draw precise boundaries between things like human animal plant and if you have to draw boundaries between things for goodness sakes don't label things as intrinsically right and wrong because the way is lost in the glorification of right and wrong so instead of being a skeptical thought experiment i think the butterfly uh dream story is about chongzi in that half awake moment where he doesn't see a precise distinction between himself and a butterfly seeing the world the way a sage sees it all the time where you don't mark precise distinctions i'm almost done i'm going to look at one last issue here if juan's is right that we can't use language to give us a unique objective description of the way the world is should we just stop talking why not remain silent if language can't give us the truth and juwanza anticipates this objection in one of my favorite passages in the chuangza and indeed is one of my favorite passages in all of world philosophy juansa says a trap is for fish when you've got the fish you can forget the trap a snare is for rabbits when you've got the rabbit you can forget the snare words are for meaning when you've got the meaning you can forget the words then juansa wonders where can i find someone who's forgotten words so i can have a word with him so what schwang's is saying here he's saying that words are tools that you use to point to something independent of the that doesn't mean you're going to stop talking or stop using words it does mean that you're going to realize that the words are merely a tool like a rabbit snare or a fish trap that is used to get something that you really want which is the thing beyond the trap or beyond the snare or beyond the words that doesn't mean you stop talking it just means that you recognize words are just tools for pointing to something and the word meaning here literally is pointing juror to something beyond the words and i can't help but point out that this is remarkably reminiscent of the view on language that we get in a seminal 20th century western philosopher ludwig vitkenstein and louis vickenstein wrote this seminal philosophical work in the 20th century the tractatus logico philosophicas and in the tractatus wickenstein gives a theory of the meaning of words but if you pay really careful attention to wittgenstein's theory of how words mean and what they and how they mean and what they mean and how meaning works you realize that wittgenstein's book the tractatus cannot be meaningful by the standards of its own theory of meaning in other words the theory of meaning that we get in the tractatus rules out the meaningfulness of the tractatus itself so you might think that you've caught wittgenstein in a paradox and he has to admit that his book was stupid oh no he knows that his book is meaningless and he says my propositions serve as elucidations in the following way anyone who understands me eventually recognizes them as nonsensical when he has used them as steps to climb beyond them he must so to speak throw away the ladder after he has climbed up it and then wittgenstein concludes the investigate that's tractatus by saying whereof one cannot speak thereof one must be silent the doubter jing attributed to loudza simile says those who speak do not know those who know do not speak but of course the doubted gene uses to express this point thank you so much for listening to my talk if you'd like to learn more about chinese philosophy i invite you to take a look at my book might be your local library introduction to classical chinese philosophy which has a chapter on zhuangza also chapters on manga konza confucius loudza and also you might check out my website brian van norden dot com which among other things has a bibliography of suggested readings to learn more about chinese philosophy indian philosophy africana philosophy and indigenous american philosophy thank you all for your attention and i respectfully invite your corrections thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheNakedNewt [9 likes]: 40:49 -“you’re not a crafty person”.

You’re a craftsman of words.
  2. @Hogarti1 [4 likes]: Thanks to Professor Norden for this most enlightening lecture. I am going to listen to it at least one more time. This video format is great to slow learners like me!
  3. @beatleswithaz6246 [4 likes]: Amazing lecture. I was always puzzled by the apparent skepticism in the Zhuangzi, and how that fits in with the possibility and rightness of following the Dao, but this brings it all together.
  4. @vpion8844 [2 likes]: Thank you Prof. Van Norden for uploading this wonderful lecture. For me who complained a lot on the lackness of clear augmentation in traditional Chinese philosophy, your lecture is really eye-opening!
  5. @natn41r [2 likes]: I find it difficult to read the Zhuangzi and understand it's concepts without an expert breakdown. This was extremely helpful and much appreciated. 🙏
  6. @MrNapudo [2 likes]: Priceless video and lecture, thank you.
  7. @kulwinderkaurrandhawa8416 [2 likes]: Raining, Sunday, another excuse to rest , let them make the country great again, me jus like living whether it's great or not so great it's late since papa told me, "Life is for living, live boy live, let the tree be shaken, let the apples fall".
  8. @davidmccormick3742 [2 likes]: It’s either “ Before Christ” or “After Christ!” I don’t know what “a common era” is! So I’m leaving!” Regards Dave McC
  9. @lamegalectora [2 likes]: Absolutely brilliant lecture, thank you. Note: Bull fighting is a brutal act and should not be allowed, particularly as a way of entertainment although of course there is not a single good reason to torture anybody. And by the way, this is a good example of an absolute ethical truth, I would say. (the man on the picture 49:33 is not a picador, he is a rejoneador)
  10. @FerrisJerjis [1 likes]: Fantastic talk and point of view ❤
  11. @BryanVanNordenPhilosophy [1 likes]: If you enjoy this video, you may also enjoy this brief documentary about Laozi, the legendary author of the Daoist classic, the Daodejing: https://youtu.be/lvglQJDrgJI?si=y-hBr1IDznJn3zxT
  12. @willtijerina5149 [1 likes]: Zhuangzi the only philosopher with a sense of humor.
  13. @BjarneLinetsky [1 likes]: 15:00 "the pathways of right and wrong are snarled" Tao Te Ching - without wrong there would be no right. Chuang talked about using no-finger to point to finger.
  14. @natn41r: I think Mengzi wasn't being hypocritical when he said, "hence, gentlemen should keep away from the kitchen." His point was that if you keep going to the kitchen and seeing the bulls being slaughtered, over time this scene becomes normalized for you and you lose your sensitivity and compassion. So he was trying to tell the king that, the result of you warring so much is that you've lost your sense of compassion for the human lives that are lost, the same sense of compassion that you felt toward the bulls.
  15. @218astatine: I don't see why you consider those 'hypotheses' as mutually exclusive. Isn't it quite possible to embrace all three readings?I mean without much modification.
  16. @nameisntimportant: u must love how to learn, thanks for your investment of energy in this that presentation hihi.. BUT! noone went to the moon.. take care
  17. @indus7841: thank you for this, very challenging. im told that's a complement in these circles.
  18. @cb2ization: are some Daoist plant base /vegetarian ...?
  19. @BjarneLinetsky: There is a line of inquiry among scholars as to whether Laozi preceded Chuangzi or vice versa..I am sure that the philosophical concept of Tao was not original to  Lao or Chuang. Taoism can be thought of as an evolutionary extension of shamanism...
  20. @bowlineobama: If you do something long enough you will eventually be skillful in it.  That's no brainer.

- Alan Watts Explain Wu Wei: Kind: captions Language: en there is a principle called W way and this means wo means none or not no negation way has a combination of meanings it can mean action making but the best translation I have found for it is forcing and so WOAY is the principle of not forcing in anything that you do now we know when we watch any performance of an artist be it a dancer or a an actor or a musician we know immediately when the performance is forced and we say it doesn't ring true it's too artificial it doesn't seem to be natural many people who study the darst doctrines think that Wu means do nothing in the sense of L say fair be lazy always be passive it doesn't mean that there is a Time for Action when you studied Judo you use Muscle only at the right moment when your opponent is hopelessly overextended and off balance and you add a little muscle to it and you throw him across the room but only then you never use Muscle at the wrong moment for as Shakespeare knew perfectly well there is a tide in the Affairs of men which taken at its flood leads on to Fortune and so WOAY is based on knowledge of the tide the drift of things get with it WOAY is the art of sailing rather than the art of rowing so if you say now one of the most famous sayings of La in the ler book is superior virtue has no intention to be virtuous and thus is virtue inferior virtue cannot let go of virtuosity and thus is not virtue so one could also say the real WOAY is not intentionally WOAY and so is WOAY but inferior WOAY so tries to be wo that it isn't in other words this is saying Wu is not a matter of cultivated passivity or even of cultivated spontaneity because there are people who think that they are released that they have realized that they are the da as all of us in fact are or that you are to put it into Vidant terms every one of us is the Brahman the Eternal self of the universe beyond all description or classification or thought and say okay baby I'm that now I'm going to have a ball well what kind of a bow do they have well what they do is they look up the rules on which society runs and do the opposite well that's still running by the rules of society and it's the mirror image in Reverse that's not spontaneity you have to be able to realize that you don't know what you really want to do until you are very quiet and it tells you so to quote Jesus unless you become again as a child you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven and if you read the Bible incidentally which is a very dangerous book as I'm going to be demonstrating in Playboy this December but understand heaven in a very literal sense space see we are in heaven now because the Earth is a spaceship and Heaven is space what is called in Chinese Gung Japanese go the void that's what is important that we most of us don't know this even Shakespeare has one of his characters saying oh that this all too solid flesh would melt but do you know you are much more space than you are anything else if the ponderable I won't say matter the ponderable whatever in your bodies were condensed and all put together it would be smaller than the point of a pin and anyway somebody once said even a bishop is 80% [Laughter] water see we are a nothings so space is somehow very very fundamental we go into this in F way but it understand that heaven is and all those references in those nursery rhymes that we learned as children which were the hymns about heaven always we're talking about Thrones and crowns and harps and streets of glass crystals transparences space it comes down to space always space which nobody can Define nobody can imagine appears to be nothing is the foundation of the universe but you have to become again as a child to see that now you go back to your childhood what were the fascinating things what's out there what's beyond the stars how long does it go on and mama said it goes on always and always and always the child wonders he excited that there something that never ends then the child asks about time how long ago is long ago well the the Bible says that in the beginning God created the Heaven and the Earth well what did God do before he did that well as one person said he sat up thinking punishments in hell for people who ask silly questions but still that has only a joke and the the the child thinks of God going back and back and back forever never beginning so in the same way you think about death go to sleep and never wake up never why it would be as if you never had existed not only you but everything else which is of course the way things were before you were born you just turn it backwards you know about how how about waking up after having never gone to sleep that's quite a thought there's something fishy about it allus the fish so we get a funny feeling when we think those questions really through very funny feeling and children you see love to get into that funny feeling children do all kinds of weird things they like to spin around as fast as possible so they watch the suddenly the whole the crown goes tilting you do this thing with their eyes and and make faces and test out their bodies in all sorts of funny ways because they know from the beginning that the world is weird a strange thing because everybody knows what it's all about only they won't admit it being brought up is being taught not to admit it that you know very well what's going on but in order to find out once more as an adult you have to become again as a child so what does that involve means ladies and gentlemen would you please check your ideas and opinions at the door first of all all your philosophical and religious views all your logic because I say check it at the door advisedly because you can pick it up again when you go out if you feel unsafe without it I'm not trying to argue you out of your opinions and views I'm merely suggesting that for the sake of an experiment you temporarily suspend them and view what is as if you didn't even know how to talk red is not red blue is not blue hard is not hard soft is not soft male is not male female is not female there is just this Jazz it will not be possible to compel yourselves into this way of looking at things because what Buddhists call habit energy is going on on on on and as I talk to you you will find yourselves thinking in a compulsive and habitual way this is read this is green this is something this is nothing this is solid this is space all right but treat those thoughts that are going on in your head in exactly the same way as if they were see that's all they are like shapes in the spray as the sea breaks on the Rocks now please don't get agitated that this is an anti-intellectual of view that this is undermining the value of logic and reason and so on just we we'll bring all that back later when we need it but just for the time being let's simplify close your listen what is what do you really and truly honestly hear don't name it just as if it were music classical music

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericexit [4 likes]: THANk you, for NOT adding all kinds of theatrical lame music and images.
  2. @Akasha.wolf.eye.Astral [1 likes]: Thank you
  3. @jahizgod: 👏

- Live effortlessly | Wu wei | Taoism | Alan Watts [ BLACK SCREEN / NO MUSIC / SLEEP ]: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to talk to you about Daoism which is one of the principal forms of Chinese philosophy as it were the opposite number of Confucianism for these two ways of thought lie at the roots of Chinese civilization both of them having a kind of common origin in the attitude to life expressed in the book of changes or the eing which may be as early as about 1300 BC it's a very strange book it Is A Commentary on 64 symbols which are made up of uh broken and unbroken lines The Unbroken line like this and the broken line like this and this unbroken line is called Yang Yang and the broken line is called yin and uh this is ostensibly a method of decision making when you flip a coin to make a decision you've only got two choices it's either heads or tails but imagine having a 64 sided coin to flip to help you make decisions it's rather an interesting idea because when we do make decisions we are always eventually reduced to flipping of coin however well you think it through you don't have time enough to think it all the way through you know that there are always possibilities that you didn't take into consideration or couldn't take into consideration and although you plan and wonder and uh work out the data it eventually comes down to the point where you flip a coin because you got to make up your mind but in some respects you see a 64 sided coin would be more suggestive shall we say than a two-sided coin well anyway these hexagrams as they're called in the eing are made up of fundamentally two symbols Yang the positive and Yin the negative and the words Yang and Yin seem to refer originally to the South and North sides of a mountain the south side is the Sunny Side the north side the Shady Side and note that you cannot possibly have a one-sided mountain and therefore it's it's always understood that the Yang and the yin are the explicit differences of an implicit Unity the poles Yang is called male Yin is called female and uh so they constitute a Unity behind this Unity something represented by an empty circle which is called taii the Great ultimate the word chi refers to the ridge pole of a roof on which of course the two sides of a roof depend on which they are propped together like the two sticks that I talked to you about which support one another take one away the other collapses so underneath the whole philosophy of China there lies this recognition of the polarity of the universe that the Opposites go together or as ler puts it in the second chapter of his book The Da Jing when all the world understands Beauty to be beautiful there is already ugliness when all the world understands goodness to be good there is already evil for to be and not to be arise mutually neither one is before the or after the other they come into being together so now when it comes to dosm this is a point of view that becomes explicit in Chinese history probably in the neighborhood of BC it used to be said that laa l l Tzu was originally thought to have been a contemporary of confucious who lived between 6 and 500 BC but the general weight of scholarly opinion today is that the ler book is uh about 400 and the book is called the da Jing because again there's no apostrophe after the T so it's pronounced d and Jing there is no apostrophe after the CH so if there were it would be pronounced Ching but it's Jing like a j and so Jing in Chinese means a classical book or scripture Dao is usually translated the way but I would prefer to call it the course the course of Nature and du means virtue but in the sense that we use the the word Virtue when we say the healing virtue of a plant it has a magical connotation or a connotation of power and peculiar skill of Da and du and it is written by laa which means the old boy the legend of course is that ler was the librarian of the Imperial Court who when he became an old man and sick of the Intrigue of Court life decided to vanish into the mountains but he was detained at The City Gate by the captain of the Guard who said sir we cannot lose you without your leaving behind some record of your wisdom and so he prevailed upon him to sit in his Gate House and write down this book which is a very short LC conical book and it is divided into two main sections one about da and one about duh he was followed in due course by a number of successors of which the most important is somebody called janga and this man is really marvelous he's one of the very few philosophers who have ever lived who was a great humorist and and if you get the modern Library edition of the wisdom of laa translated by linu Tang you will find in that lots of janga translated as a commentary on laza and he is really delightful he's delicious person to read because he has a kind of humor wherein he caricatures his own philosophy and takes it to absurd extremes just for the joke of it and he puts a lot of his philosophy into the mouth of confucious just to confuse everyone he's a really witty man and he uh you must read him so then what I want to do is to discuss the main ideas of laa and of course naturally we have to start with da this word in Chinese is it is connected Ed with motion going on and stopping or rhythmic motion on and off and this other part of the character here means intelligence so you've got intelligent motion the course of nature but the character also means to speak and so it's rather like the Greek logos the first verse of LA's book starts out by saying uh something that you really can't translate da can can do can be again Dao the Dao which can be da not this character means regular or Eternal da and so we normally translate this the da which can be spoken is not the Eternal Dao it could mean also the way which can be weighed traveled is not the regular way but most commentators agree to the first translation the da which can be described is not the Eternal da then why go on to write a book about it well consistency is a virtue of small minds so you have in the idea of Dao the flow of Life the flow of events the world considered as a stream and water is very often used by laa to give the idea of Da because water always takes the line of least resistance water water is very soft and yet one of the strongest things in the world you can chop water with a sword but leave no wound you can't squeeze it you can't compress it wonderful stuff and elsewhere he says man at his birth is Supple and tender but in death he is rigid and hard thus suppleness and tenderness are the marks of life and rigidity and hardness the marks of death Dao is always gentle you see always yielding it is feminine in a way laa says although you may be a male always have a certain feminine quality and thus you will become a universal channel that has particularly to be learned by men in the United States who tend to overcompensate masculinity uh to uh be ashamed of gentleness and to emphasize a kind of attitude to life uh which usually indicates a fear of incipient homosexuality and uh as a result we have a lot of um misunderstanding between men and women because each one is so busy being their particular sex that they have nothing in common so this idea then is the strength of gentleness and of course it is ultimately on this philosophy that the Japanese worked out the science of Judo do is the way the Japanese pronounce da Jew means gentle Judo The Gentle Way whereby a strong man is alarmingly defeated by the use of his own strength against himself and the analogy is of course of the pine tree and The Willow Tree the pine tree is a muscle man and when the snow piles up and piles up and becomes icy the pine tree branch cracks but when the willow gets snow on it after a little while the branch drops and the snow falls off and the branch Springs up again that's Judo they teach you in Japan a mysterious science called aido again do meaning Dao aido is the inner or esoteric aspect of Judo and they can teach you for example to hold out your arm in such a way that no one can bend it however strong but it all depends on your not using effort to hold it out you must not resist there is a certain way of doing that so this a DA cannot be defined that's basic just because it is the flow of nature you can't capture it you can't shut up wind in a box and expect it to be wind you can't catch FL flowing water in a bucket because the minute it's in the bucket it's no longer flowing now Dao then is uh means what roughly what we would mean by the Basic Energy of the world but the there are two things to be said about it and the first is that it is not a governing energy here we clearly come up against the principle or a concept of nature in which there is no government this is an anarchic view of the universe not in the sense of chaos but equally not in the sense of what we mean by order the da does not rule laa says the great da flows everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over them and when merits are accomplished that is good things are accomplished it lays no claim to them in fact the Dao is always self-effacing always disappears always indefinable always behind the seeds and so in a way the the loud book is written as a manual of advice to rulers and his idea of a good ruler is one who is never in evidence uh do you know for example in Hinsdale the name of your sanitation Chief I bet you don't but he's a very very important official and ala would advise the president of the United States to behave like the chief of Sanitation to be unobtrusive and to generally leave things alone let things take their course not in the sense of well it's like this it's the difference between rowing and sailing when you row it's a relatively stupid method of propulsion because you have to use effort when you sail you use the wind but you don't have to go the way the wind is blowing you can Tack and tacking in so as to go in an opposite direction to the wind is the art of dosm anyone who really understands sailing understands ler so the next thing is that the DA has a kind of order but it's not quite what we mean by order when we speak of order we usually tend to think of something symmetrical of something like a library you know where all the shelves are rectangular but the Chinese have a word for order for the order of the universe which is this they pronounce it Lee now this sign has the original meaning of the markings in Jade or the Grain in wood or the fiber in muscle so now when you look at a cloud or at foam patterns or at grain patterns in would you know for some reason or other that you're not looking at a mess you're looking at something decidedly Wiggly but aesthetically pleasing but you can't figure it out there are no rules which it follows for in uh this word is has been translated the principle or rationale of nature almost the law of nature but the Chinese have no word for the law of nature they do have a word for law the word s s and this word s written this way was originally written like this and that represented a cauldron an iron cauldron with a knife beside it for scratching on The Cauldron because in very distant times certain Emperors had the laws of the land written on the sacrificial cauldrons to which the people brought offerings so that when they offered the sacrifices they could read the laws but certain sages said you should never do that that because if you write the laws down people will develop a Lous Spirit they will always be yakking over what it means and therefore lawyers will have to Define them more carefully and then other lawyers will drive a carriage with six horses right through that and then other lawyers must again define the laws more carefully and that's the state we're in today where we are utterly hamstrung by law so the is described as being wza wo means is this character non legal the Dao is non-legal in its nature but it is this it is Lee and that means orderly in a way that cannot be defined just like your own nervous system is certainly orderly but nobody has been able to figure out the principle of it but you know at once without being able to say how the difference between Lee and rigidity and Lee and mess chaos so what you might call the best way of translating Lee into English is to call it organic pattern that's what it is but we don't really know what that is because we are are it we are organic pattern and just as we can't bite our own teeth we cannot Define our own organization we are it and that's all we need to be because the teeth don't need to bite themselves a sword doesn't need to cut itself the sun doesn't need to illuminate itself so then this is the principle of da but it is not law if it were law of course the da which could be spoken would be the Eternal da but it can't be uttered so uh da then is the principle of Nature and in Chinese nature is uh called uh really spontaneity we use the word nature for the Chinese expression z z run they pronounce j like an sort of unrolled r I mean that's the scholars did this to confuse you uman uh means of itself so self so almost our word automatic except that automatic has a mechanical not uh sense and this doesn't when you have uh belly rumbles or hiccups you don't intend to have them it happens of in the same way you don't intend to beat your heart it happens of itself you didn't intend to get born it happened of itself this is and so this word means nature or the Japanese pronounce it Shen uh is roughly when they point to all the things happening around us that's Zan and you see that Zan that that which is so of itself implies no boss so in the same way they would look at the human body janga discusses the human body and says which organ do you prefer and shows there is no Chief organ there could be an argument between the brain and the stomach one school of thought would say well obviously the stomach is the most important important organ because that's where the food goes and is distributed to everywhere else and stomachs came first then later uh on the upper end of the input channel to the stomach there were evolved ganglia of nerves uh to enable the stomach better to scratch around for things to put into it and therefore the brain serves the stomach the other school of thought would say well no it isn't that uh things which come first aren't necessarily the most important the stomach is to the brain as John the Baptist was to Jesus the uh stomach is there but to nourish the brain the stomach is the servant of the brain which is of course preoccupied with higher things that we call culture but you see both arguments will stand up and both will fail because the stomach and the Brain have a mutuality between each other they arise mutually and uh there is no way of deciding which of the major organs of the body is Top Dog because the body is a sort of democracy in which by Mutual cooperation things happen without any pre preconceived plan we think in the west that the order of Nature has a plan underneath it that there was as it were the original blueprint in the mind of God which is the logos the second person of the Trinity but the Chinese don't think that way they would agree with the limmer well I mean they wouldn't but they would agree with the humor of it there was a young man who said damn for it certainly seems that I am a creature that moves in determinate grooves I'm not even a bus I'm a tram but the Chinese do not think of any rails laid down as it were or rules laid down upon which Nature has to travel they think simply that it organizes itself but doesn't know how again we're back to the centipede which manages a 100 legs without thinking because thinking would embarrass it that sort of thing is is called in Chinese putting legs on a snake you see a snake needs no legs and explaining the universe by a governor who dominates it is called legs on a snake it's like saying we have an instinct to do this that and the other when people talk about instincts watch out they're invoking ghosts when we say we have an instinct to survive it means simply that we do survive in fact until we don't and if you want to explain the Curious fact that people seem to want to survive you call it an instinct to survive and this is learned gobbl de there was a time sometimes when you showed a physician or a scientist some peculiar thing which he didn't understand he would look at it put on his spectacles examine it from various points of view and make a few notes and then say it is a luus n everybody said wonderful he knows what it is eles n but it means it is a game nature a freak and you will find that uh many many medical people practice this sort of Goble deg you have a pain they say it's neuritis it means simply that neuritis means your nerves [Laughter] hurt so it's always good to transl at Medical language back into English and you begin to get some idea of what's Happening Now the next thing to take up is the word du and as I said this means virtue power sometimes magic uh when we say a person is a virtuoso we have something of the meaning of du in it marvelous accomplish M and in opening the section on du uh laa says Superior virtue is not virtue and thus is virtue inferior virtue cannot let go of virtue and thus is not virtue or we might say a person who really has virtue is not striving for virtue and thus really has it a person of inferior virtue is so trying to be virtuous that he's not virtuous in other words uh when the person is trying and striving for virtue he is being self-conscious and artificial and we say well uh so and so is very good but isn't he rather forced isn't he a bit phony and it's so often the case that people who are reputedly very virtuous are very boring you feel that uh sometimes people are so good that you are sitting on the edge of your chair in their presence and that you can't relax with them or let your hair down because they are full of judgment and uh disapproval because they are always judging and disapproving of themselves a really virtuous person doesn't show his virtue he is like well there's a poem in Chinese which says entering the forest he doesn't disturb a blade of grass entering the water he doesn't make a ripple he looks very ordinary and so his virtue can't be detected he doesn't stink of virtue so uh duh then is the virtue of the great artist say or craftsman who creates marvelous works of art but always as if he was making no effort and so we say of great art that artless that it seems to come naturally that he does it as if he were falling off a log now of course we know that it isn't that simple but nevertheless it does seem to be so what everybody wants to know then is how to acquire that great naturalness in everything so that we in our human lives manifest the da da manifested through man is duh how do you do it so the transitional word which shows the way from uh to realize du in one's life I don't need to write the character again because it's already here this one and then with this character this is pronounced this one is woo and this one is we wo way way means to act to strain to strive or to interfere and so the the dowest manner of life is woo way don't force it always go with the stream you may need to use a Rudder but don't ever go against the stream if you are swimming and you're caught in a very strong current you'll be lost if you try to swim against it you must swim with it and Edge to the side that's WOAY uh this has been very well understood even by the samurai in Japan who when they became very great real masters of swordsmanship always found out and belong to the no Sword School because the real master of the sword never uses one there is a story that there were in Japan in ancient times two master swordsmiths and there was a great debate as to which of them was the better so some soldiers took a sword made by each master and decided decided to test them out they first took a sword made by the man who in general opinion was perhaps a little inferior and they went to a stream and they dipped The Sword in the Stream with the edge of the blade facing Upstream they dropped a piece of paper on the stream and it floated towards the sword and as it floated the sword simply divided it into two the two pieces of paper joined together on the other side and went on down the stream they then took the blade of the man reputed perhaps to be the greatest master and thought well it'd be pretty difficult to improve on that but we'll try it anyway so they gave the same test but as the piece of paper approached the sword it moved over to one side skirted it all together and went on so the true Master will never have to be in a fight and for that reason iido as a uh athletic technique is learning how to unattackable is to always avoid the fight and so however hard people strike at you they will always be hitting the air that's duh you see that's magical power but it all comes about through not using effort not straining at anything never strain like you never force a key in a lock you'll just bend the key you jiggle and jiggle and jiggle until it turns smoothly or put oil on it or something but never force it same way when you use your eyes don't stare at anything in order to see it clearly because you'll just tie your eyes and make the image fuzzy if you want to see the time on a distant clock you close your eyes you imagine black and relax your eyes then look at the clock lazily and you will see that the detail is clearer so when you sing you mustn't force your voice once upon a time a great choir master was uh in the presence of William temple one time Archbishop of Canterbury teaching a group of Slum children how to sing and he asked them first to sing some song with which they were all familiar and wanting to impress the Archbishop they sang it very lustily in a forced way and it sounded terrible now he said I want to show you something there was present on this occasion a trained choir and he said now we are going to sing with this choir a song you people know but listen to it and the choir sang it very professionally the choir Master then turned to the group and said now look when you sing this song the one thing you must not do is to try to sing it you just think of the tune and let it itself and they sang and did it very well and he turned to the Archbishop from whom I had the tale and said that's good theology isn't it your grace now that's Daoism that's woe and so now there's another story with which I will exemplify this later than ler there was another dais Sage called Lea and uh he had the reputation of being able to ride on the Wind of course that's metaphorical we say Walking on Air Walking on Air never a care something is making me sing you know and uh so when Suzuki was asked what it's like to have the experience of Satori or Enlightenment he once said it is like ordinary everyday experience except it's about 2 Ines off the ground where you don't feel burdened by your own body where you don't feel you were something that you have to Lug around and hold a club over and generally boss so the sense of lightness that's the meaning of lieta being able to walk on the air but he told a story of how he managed to do it he said he went to a great Guru and uh this Guru paid no attention to him so he just sat outside the door of his Hut and a year went by and still this man paid no attention to him so Liza went away disgusted but then he thought it over a bit and realized this man had a terrific reputation and that if perhaps he had been a little bit more patient he would have had some teaching so he went back and the Great Sage looked at him and said why this ceaseless coming and going so he sat down again at the entrance of the Hut and for a further year attempted to control his mind in such a way as never to think of profit or loss or advantage or disadvantage and then at the end of that year the teacher looked at him for another year he practiced and at the end of that the teacher invited him to come in the Hut and sit on the mat then for the next year however he did something quite different and he says this I let my eyes see whatever they wanted to look at I let my ears hear whatever they wanted to hear I let my mouth say whatever it wanted to say and I let my mind think whatever it wanted to think and at the end of that I didn't know what was subject and what was object I didn't take any account of time I was right riding on the wind but I didn't really know whether the wind was riding on me or I was riding on the wind and this was when he got to float you see but see how what he he finally did he allowed democracy to Prevail he said to his eyes I'm not going to try and control you you know how better how to see than I do to his ears I'm not going to force you to listen to anything you know to how to hear better than I can direct you and so on for everything he trusted his own brain he trusted his own organism and so he be this is wo way so in exactly the same way if you practice meditation don't try to meditate like the choir was told not to try to sing Don't Force It When you meditate let your lungs breathe the way they want to breathe let your mind think anything it wants to think about don't try to repress thoughts let your eyes see whatever they're looking at and let your ears your eard drums vibrate to any oscillations there may be in the air let go you think that's very risky uh it isn't it really isn't it's like a ship in a typhoon they always shut the engines off and drift because if the propellers are going and the tail end of the ship is thrown up so as to be above the water level the whole ship will vibrate and be shaken to Pieces by those revolving propellers so in in a big storm uh and life is a big storm all the time you let go and you become like a c on the water or a pingpong ball in a mountain stream so that's that's the art of Daoism that's the whole thing that's WOAY uh janga has the funniest tales he is often says people who are trying to help things along are a nuisance all he the do gooders he has a conversation between ler and confucious in which confusus is prating about uh charity and duty to one's neighbor and laa says to him this is not nonsense he is just um binding things on to people putting burdens on them with charity and duty to one's neighbor he says to confucious look now at the universe the trees grow upwards without exception the Stars always follow their courses and the migrating birds at the various Seasons always cluster with complete regularity but they don't say anything they don't have any religion and your idea of eliminating yourself is a positive manifestation of self you have brought much confusion sir to the kingdom because you are like one who beats a drum in search of a fugitive or we would say like the police driving to a raid with their sirens on and of course when The Fugitive hears the drums he conceals himself and so when you sound all sorts of drums and promise to be virtuous and make resolutions to be virtuous you're in for trouble as the devil hears you coming there is a you see now this is something that's very important there is a Zen story which describes a wood cutter working in the forest chopping down trees and he suddenly noticed in a bush over there an animal that was watching him and this animal is a Satori animal and he thought I going to get that animal for lunch but the animal could read his thoughts and the animal said to him you think you're going to catch me don't you and The Woodsman looked around and he made for it and the animal vanished and then appeared at the opposite end of the clearing laughing saying you can't catch me he thought the next time I see that animal I'm going to move to the opposite end of the clearing from which it appears catch it that way and the animal said you're thinking aren't you to go to the opposite side of the clearing from which you see me and for a while the man tried by going in various directions with his axe to catch this animal all to no avail so he got disgusted and went back to chopping the tree and the animal laughed at him again and said so you've given up and just that moment the axe head flew off the axe and killed the animal you see he had to get it without intention to do so that's what's called purposelessness in darsm which is a form wooe and a doist text says when purpose has been used to achieve purposelessness the point has been grasped so it's the same problem we have in India you know there's a Superstition that if you think of a monkey while you're taking medicine the medicine won't work So you you're in the predicament of trying not to think of the monkey while taking medicine and that happens to us whenever we try to be natural everybody can see it's it's false it's faked and so you think then how can I be genuinely natural how can I really flow with the course of nature how can I let my mind think whatever it wants to think because the moment I start doing that I realize I'm doing it with an ulterior motive I'm trying to meditate I'm trying to grow spiritually and that ruins the whole thing well when you've tried for a long time to get the right attitude and you find that all the attitudes you get are phony ones then you come to the realization there's nothing you can do about it it really doesn't make any difference and again the principle that I've emphasized all along you give up and in so doing gain the strength and energy that you were looking for you see it's like trying to live in present GFF used to set his students the exercise he called self-remembering that is constantly all day long be completely aware of what you're doing have your mind always on the immediate moment oh and it's tough tough tough tough to do that you get distracted all the time till one fine day you realize to your astonishment there is no way at all of having your mind anywhere else but in the present moment because even when you think about the past or the future you're doing it now aren't you and that results in a very curious transformation of Consciousness you feel that you that the present moment is Flowing along and carrying you with it all the time just like the flow of The Da the flow of The Da is as what we would call the flow of the present see and you're with it there's no way of being anywhere else the jungyong the book called the UN wobbling pivot says the da is that from which one cannot deviate that from which one can deviate is not the da or to put it into the form of a Zen story The Master josu said to nansen what is the da nansen replied your everyday mind is the da joshu asked how do you get into Accord with it nansen replied when you try to Accord you deviate so uh that's the principle and this although uh again the Paradox you see this sounds like a completely Le a fair spineless attitude to life but it is precisely Daoism which underlies in common with Buddhism in conjunction with Buddhism it underlies the greatest achievements of Chinese art and culture it underlies Judo it underlies the Zen Arts of Japan calligraphy architecture Gardens it uh is the form of Chinese philosophy which in subsequent years became most interested in science and in the study of nature the confusions never were had any interest in science because they were bookish people they were all absorbed in texts they were essentially Scholastics and never opened the book of nature but the daoists were always observing natural phenomena how they worked they were interested above all in manual skills and using the da to perfect skills and therefore these lazy people achieved the most interesting results because they were like water which is lazy and always seeks the line of least resistance but that is almost the same thing as intelligence

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yollseedis [2 likes]: Alan Watts cures my anxiety and calms my mind.
  2. @Clockwise-Orange_2124 [2 likes]: 😊
  3. @TheBitterSarcasmOfMs.Anthropy [1 likes]: Too many ads destroying beauty
  4. @ContemplateNow [1 likes]: Mr Watts gave no indication in talks or behavior that he was awakened or enlightened. But, that doesn’t mean he didn’t have something valuable to share. His talks on Buddhism are way off base but he also admitted he tried Zen for a week and left it alone because he found it “incomprehensible” or something to that effect. As I have experienced Watts, his most profound effect is that which results in you striving forward, deeper into the subjects of the contemplatives. And for that we can be grateful.
  5. @nadiarogmati2184 [1 likes]: Black screen ok but we can’t see what he’s writing. I wish we had the words with the writing on the screen.
Thank you I enjoyed it
  6. @godlee4779: Ty for not posting ai watts
  7. @11tranquil_camel: What is the weird clicking in the background? Makes it hard to listen to ..
  8. @scatchef: 38:42 Buckle up, this bit is awesome
  9. @elio5062: 7:40 recommendation
  10. @DaDofEP40: Garbage, interrupting ads…
  11. @sopan13: Ads sadly
  12. @Idontcare387: 42:30 best part
  13. @johnsbanana4402: i usually listen2this dude but compare this  recording to his others
  14. @johnsbanana4402: snobby
  15. @teeniequeenie8369: NO ads please who cares about the screen or the music when there’s ads every few mins! ONE MINUTE INAMD ALREADY AN AD..I’m out.
  16. @demis.rosa.forno.del.castello: Modern library edition of the wisdom of Lao Tzu translated by lin yu tang
  17. @Anders01: I came to think about a different take on Wu Wei than Alan Watts. Instead of our choices being like a flipping of a coin, that God doesn't play dice, and that God (or the Tao) is the only power in the universe! Wu Wei is then the realization that we are already doing nothing. God is doing everything. "The lot is cast into the lap, but its every decision is from the Lord." - Proverbs 16:33
  18. @cloudkicker-gx7gb: I’m sure this never used to have adverts
  19. @Spartan001b: Frontier Justice
  20. @WILLSIMM7: Ads. So obnoxious.

- Alan Watts - The Principle Of Wu Wei: Kind: captions Language: en there is a principle called Wu Wei and this means means none or not no negation way has a&nbsp; combination of meanings it can mean action making&nbsp;&nbsp; but the best translation i&nbsp; have found for it is forcing and so wu wei is the principle of not forcing&nbsp;&nbsp; in anything that you do now we know when we&nbsp; watch any performance of an artist be it a dancer&nbsp;&nbsp; or a an actor or a musician we know&nbsp; immediately when the performance is forced&nbsp;&nbsp; and we say it doesn't ring true it's too&nbsp; artificial it doesn't seem to be natural many people who study the taoist&nbsp; doctrines think that way means do nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; in the sense of lay say fair be lazy always be passive it doesn't mean that there is a time for action when you study judo you use muscle only at the right moment when&nbsp; your opponent is hopelessly overextended and&nbsp;&nbsp; off balance and you add a little muscle&nbsp; to it and you throw him across the room but only then you never use muscle at the wrong moment&nbsp; for as shakespeare knew perfectly well there&nbsp;&nbsp; is a tide in the affairs of men which&nbsp; taken at its flood leads on to fortune&nbsp;&nbsp; and so wu wae is based on knowledge of&nbsp; the tide the drift of things get with it&nbsp;&nbsp; is the art of sailing rather&nbsp; than the art of rowing so if you say now one of the most&nbsp; famous sayings of law in the laozer book&nbsp;&nbsp; is superior virtue has no intention&nbsp; to be virtuous and thus is virtue&nbsp;&nbsp; inferior virtue cannot let go of&nbsp; virtuosity and thus is not virtue so one could also say the real wu way is&nbsp; not intentionally away and so is will we&nbsp;&nbsp; but inferior will way so&nbsp; tries to be away that it isn't in other words this is saying is&nbsp; not a matter of cultivated passivity&nbsp;&nbsp; or even of cultivated spontaneity because there&nbsp; are people who think that they are released&nbsp;&nbsp; that they have realized that they&nbsp; are the tao as all of us in fact are&nbsp;&nbsp; or that you are to put it into vedanta&nbsp; terms every one of us is the brahmana&nbsp;&nbsp; the eternal self of the universe beyond all&nbsp; description or classification or thought&nbsp;&nbsp; and say okay baby i'm that&nbsp; now i'm going to have a ball well what kind of a ball do they have well&nbsp; what they do is they look up the rules&nbsp;&nbsp; on which society runs and do the opposite well that's still running by the rules of society&nbsp; and it's the mirror image in reverse that's&nbsp;&nbsp; not spontaneity you have to be able to realize&nbsp; that you don't know what you really want to do until you are very quiet and it tells you so to quote jesus unless you become again as a child&nbsp; you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you read the bible incidentally which&nbsp; is a very dangerous book as i'm going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; demonstrating in playboy this december&nbsp;&nbsp; but understand heaven in&nbsp; a very literal sense space see we are in heaven now because the&nbsp; earth is a spaceship and heaven is space what is called in chinese japanese gu the void that's is important that we most of us don't know this even shakespeare has one of his characters saying&nbsp; oh that this all too solid flesh would melt&nbsp;&nbsp; but do you know you are much more&nbsp; space than you are anything else if the ponderable i won't say mata&nbsp; the ponderable whatever in your bodies&nbsp;&nbsp; were condensed and all put together it&nbsp; would be smaller than the point of a pin and anyway somebody once said&nbsp; even a bishop is 80 percent water we are airy nothings so space is somehow very very fundamental&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to this in the other way but&nbsp; if we understand that heaven is space and all those references in those nursery rhymes&nbsp; that we learned as children which were the hymns about heaven always were talking about thrones&nbsp; and crowns and harps and streets of glass crystals transparencies space it comes&nbsp; down to space always space which nobody&nbsp;&nbsp; can define nobody can imagine appears to be&nbsp; nothing is the foundation of the universe but you have to become again as a child&nbsp; to see that are you ready go back to your&nbsp;&nbsp; childhood what were the fascinating things&nbsp; what's out there what's beyond the stars&nbsp;&nbsp; how long does it go on and mama said&nbsp; it goes on always and always and always the child wonders he's excited&nbsp;&nbsp; that this is something that never ends then the&nbsp; child asks about time how long ago is long ago well the bible says that in the beginning&nbsp; god created the heaven and the earth well&nbsp;&nbsp; what did god do before he did&nbsp; that well as one person said he&nbsp;&nbsp; sat up thinking punishments in hell&nbsp; for people who ask silly questions but still that that's only a&nbsp; joke and the the the child thinks&nbsp;&nbsp; of god going back and back and back forever never&nbsp; beginning so in the same way you think about death go to sleep and never wake up never&nbsp;&nbsp; why it would be as if you never had&nbsp; existed not only you but everything else which is of course the way things were before&nbsp; you were born now you just turn it backwards you&nbsp;&nbsp; know about how about waking up after having&nbsp; never gone to sleep that's quite a thought there's something fishy about it all the fish so we get a funny feeling when&nbsp; we think those questions really through very funny feelings and children you&nbsp; see love to get into that funny feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; children do all kinds of weird things they like&nbsp; to spin around as fast as possible so they watch&nbsp;&nbsp; the suddenly the whole the ground goes tilting&nbsp; you know this thing they get you with their eyes and make faces and test out their&nbsp; bodies in all sorts of funny ways&nbsp;&nbsp; because they know from the&nbsp; beginning that the world is weird this strange thing because everybody knows&nbsp; what it's all about only they won't admit&nbsp;&nbsp; being brought up is being taught not to admit&nbsp; it but you know very well what's going on but in order to find out once more as an adult&nbsp; you have to become again as a child so what does&nbsp;&nbsp; that involve means ladies and gentlemen would you&nbsp; please check your ideas and opinions at the door&nbsp;&nbsp; first of all all your philosophical&nbsp; and religious views all your logic because i say check it at the&nbsp; door advisory because you can&nbsp;&nbsp; pick it up again when you go out&nbsp; if you feel unsafe without it i'm not trying to argue you&nbsp; out of your opinions and views&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm merely suggesting that for the sake of&nbsp; an experiment you temporarily suspend them and view what is as if you&nbsp; didn't even know how to talk red is not red blue is not blue heart is not hard soft is not soft male is not&nbsp; male female is not female there is just this jazz it will not be possible to compel yourselves&nbsp; into this way of looking at things&nbsp;&nbsp; because what buddhists call habit energy&nbsp; is going on on on on and as i talk to you&nbsp;&nbsp; you will find yourselves thinking in a compulsive&nbsp; and habitual way this is red this is green&nbsp;&nbsp; this is something this is nothing this is&nbsp; solid this is space all right but treat&nbsp;&nbsp; those thoughts that are going on in your head&nbsp; in exactly the same way as if they were maybe see that's all they are like shapes in&nbsp; the spray as the sea breaks on the rocks now please don't get agitated that&nbsp; this is an anti-intellectual point&nbsp;&nbsp; of view that this is undermining the value&nbsp; of logic and reasons on just that we will&nbsp;&nbsp; bring all that back later when we need it&nbsp; but just for the time being let's simplify close your eyes listen what is what do you really and truly honestly here don't name it just as if it were music classical music

  Top Comments:
  1. @artsane9959 [1 likes]: Finally understand something
  2. @francospov4882: Hello! I would love to know from which lecture you sampled this video from?

- How To Practice Non-Attachment (this changes everything): Kind: captions Language: en hello to you watching this my name's alex and i help people find inner freedom and in this video i'm going to be talking about how to practice non-attachment i'm going to share a deep explanation of what non-attachment is and what it isn't and how you can apply these teachings in your own life to deepen your levels of peace and avoid unnecessary suffering and get more of what you want because when you're unhealthily attached what happens suffering and in more acute cases being pulled around by the anxiety of losing things or people at any moment believe me i've been there many times so how do you live with more ease how do you find peace and stability within yourself without depending on people and circumstances to do that for you and that's what we're going to be exploring in this video i'm going to go into great depth in this video which if you're not ready for might not resonate with you but if you are ready then my intention is that it deepens your freedom [Music] when people ask about non-attachment is usually about attachment to loved ones dating relationships friends or family but it applies to all forms it could be money or circumstances a state of health or even how you look and when you're attached you suffer why because all forms are temporary and you know that deep down that's why you get anxious if you feel like you're going to lose something you're attached to and you don't want to feel the pain of that loss and the irony of unhealthy attachment is you end up losing easier anyway it's like when you grip onto something too tightly you just crush it in your hands you can also feel the anxiety of attachment even if it's good for you to lose that thing or for that person to leave you're not able to make a decision about whether to stay or go from an empowered place and you stay in relationships that don't serve you or you get attracted to people who are just going to end up exposing where you're not free which ultimately ends up in a failed relationship but can ultimately be your best awakening success sows the seed of failure but failure sows the seeds of success expansion and contraction is the nature of the universe this is duality what non-attachment is not indifference a form of self-denial existential nihilism not having goals or not making plans being heartless cold or unloving tishnek han said you must love in such a way that the person you love feels free and you can think of this as applying to everything the material things in your life want to feel free money wants to feel free we all want to feel free as soon as you try and take form and pin it down and put it in a box at some point it evades you it doesn't mean you don't enjoy it and you can have the deepest sense of love and gratitude for it but you dissolve the psychological stickiness about it you don't let things or people own you when it comes to other people is meeting needs within yourself and not only through them or through the whole play of dating and relationships it's being able to go out on a date and not be anxious about whether they like you or whether they're going to text you back or fall in love with you instantly because you know that yes you feel a pull towards being in a relationship but with the understanding that you can meet your own needs and without the expectation that this person is going to make you permanently content you're not going up to someone with your half empty bowl of ice cream and saying can you fill my bowl up with ice cream please you're saying hey look i've got a bowl of ice cream you've got a bowl of ice cream why don't we pour it into one big bowl and pour chocolate sauce all over it and dig in together it's knowing a peace and stability within yourself that you're never dependent on them for even if that knowing is just a glimmer in the background whilst you grieve a deep loss that's a start yes you do things for each other and there is a beautiful exchange and flow between you something to relish in but you're not going in under the illusion that this person will make you complete or permanently happy because that's just completely 180 degrees to reality there's something deeper within you something beyond this play of form and it's present in everything non-attachment is about understanding that the nature of the world of form is impermanence it's transitory people change leave or die ultimately you and everyone you know will die which sounds nihilistic if you think that all you are is the body mind luckily there's more to you than you think with goals it's about enjoying and being really present with the process rather than attachment and dependency on the outcome you might still experience disappointment of things not working out how you had planned or the pain of loss but you acknowledge that after all that pain of loss will be a profound spiritual transformation you just keep going and you know that what you ultimately are is deeper than these circumstances you know that thoughts that compare this moment to another are just thoughts you see the suffering of identifying with them you process your emotions without attachment to one or the other you recognize them as passing visitors ready to go a level deeper then check this out true non-attachment isn't something that the mind does it's not an intellectual thing the title of this video in a way is misleading but i named it that because people tend to think non-attachment is something you practice in fact it's the opposite you've been practicing attachment for a very long time now you've been practicing getting all caught up in your thoughts and feelings true non-attachment isn't a thing it's the end of something it's the end of identification with a story in your mind about how a certain person or circumstance or thing is ultimately going to bring you permanent peace or fulfillment as if you can't find that within yourself as if it's not already here true non-attachment is what you already are prior to these thoughts and feelings that tell a story about how you're attached you see are you these thoughts and feelings or are you the perceiver of them the space that they arise within the awareness true non-attachment is knowing yourself as more than just this body mind knowing yourself as the formless awareness within which this experience arises knowing your true self that's deeper than the character that you're playing there have been times where i've experienced the pain of great loss and crying with grief on and off for days but since integrating this understanding there's always been something in the background some knowing that ultimately what i essentially am is undisturbed and formless and that ultimately all is well even if there's incredible pain in this moment all is well there can be a great disturbance in your personal experience and you can realize your true self as awareness and realize your true self as this awareness is ultimately undisturbed but this understanding takes time to permeate through the body and the mind you can have a deep spiritual awakening and it's unfashionable to say but integrating that on a deep level in the body and mind can take years if not a lifetime but this understanding means you recover quicker you see faster how you got off track and how the universe is showing you where you're not free but now it's time to be free and before you go i just want to tell you a few more slots have opened up for the free one to one with me to see if you'd be a good fit for the consciousness revolution program over at speak to alex.com so if that interests you head over there if you want some one-to-one support going deeper head over there and of course don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss out on any new videos helping you with conscious personal growth peace [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @paradab6543 [5 likes]: In the teachings of the Buddha, wisdom does arise,
Three characteristics, profound and wise.
Let me weave them in verses, clear and true,
Impermanence, suffering, and non-self, I'll share with you.

Impermanence, the dance of life's embrace,
Like shifting sands, it leaves no trace.
From dawn to dusk, and season to season,
All things change, without rhyme or reason.

Flowers bloom, then fade away,
As night turns to dawn, and day to gray.
With every breath, moments fleet,
Impermanence reminds us, life is sweet.

Suffering, the noble truth we face,
In trials and tribulations, we find our place.
From physical pain to the ache within,
Suffering weaves a thread, where all begin.

Attachments bind, desires give birth,
Yet suffering teaches, the depths of our worth.
Through compassion's embrace, we find release,
In understanding suffering, our hearts find peace.

Non-self, the illusion of a separate "me",
A profound teaching that sets us free.
No fixed identity, no soul to claim,
We're but a ripple in the cosmic game.

Connected we are, in this grand tapestry,
No separate self, just interdependency.
Non-self reveals unity's sweet embrace,
As we let go, we find our place.

Impermanence, suffering, and non-self,
In these teachings, the Buddha's wisdom dwells.
Through understanding, compassion takes flight,
Guiding us towards liberation's light.

So let us contemplate these truths profound,
In each moment's whisper, let their essence resound.
With wisdom and love, let our hearts unfurl,
Embracing impermanence, suffering, and non-self in this precious world.
  2. @bettycarmella1127 [5 likes]: “Dissolve the psychological stickiness”… love this🙏🏽
  3. @fake10hourentertainment17 [1 likes]: Non-attachment is taught, it's just that most people either explain it wrong in a way that makes it sound like zero ambition and disassociation/depression, or they assume that if they don't overreact to things they probably already are detached.
  4. @claudelebel49 [1 likes]: Haven't listened to this video yet but what comes to me is that as awareness you are already unattached. Abide as that and be free.
  5. @SaN_D-S [1 likes]: This is incredibly important for a human life.
  6. @forprinting1233 [1 likes]: I am the space that these thoughts permeate.  Love.
  7. @Mimi-xs7gi [1 likes]: 🙏❣️🙏
  8. @afulfilledlife5438: Love it. That really resonated. Thank you Alex.
  9. @nikisimkova: Thank you
  10. @teddyboef2821: Thank you ❤
  11. @GeoffGaul: Thank you Alex!
  12. @ipsitadash9009: Thanks! This helped me so much ❤
  13. @georgesonm1774: Not very helpful, I have to say, because if sb (like me) isn't consciously 'there' yet, then theoretical knowledge isn't much help. It's a useful pointer in a good direction, but how to practice/cultivate / move towards this awareness is the question
  14. @dannyboysaxophone: Thank you Alex that was really helpful for me today
  15. @karlschultz3337: Well said, Alex.
  16. @victorbwalya4797: thank you
  17. @Mental-stealth1: Is it possible to do this while having bpd? It seems impossible since the whole disorder is based around fear of abandonment which is engraved in the suffers brain. How would you suggest undoing this fear or quasi curing it ?
  18. @InsiemeAscension: AMAZING!!!! Thank you!!!!
  19. @jamil1986-o1v: man, you're a genius, thanks a lot
  20. @pk-vk3oc: Thanks I needed to hear this today. Excellent and succinct talk.

- How To Love Without Attachment | Buddhism In English: Kind: captions Language: en one of the most frequent questions that I get asked from people is that people say that I fall in love with this person and I get too much attached to him or her and it hurts both of us right it hurts me and to the other the other person how can I love someone without getting attached to that person that is one of the frequent questions that people ask from me well to understand about this first of all you need to understand what is the difference between love and attachment I'll tell you the difference if you are in love with someone if you fall in love with someone this means the pure love the love I would say you say that I need you to be happy okay that's what you say I need you to be happy if that happiness includes me that's much better if this if it does not includes me it's okay anyway I need you to be happy in your life that is love and in attachment you say you need to make me happy okay if if they don't they if they are not able to uh make you happy then what do you say why aren't you making me happy okay the love you give to me and the the things that you to do to me is not enough that's what you say that is called attachment okay so did you see the difference that means in love you think about other people's happiness okay as a result of thinking other people's happiness or wishing other people's happiness you get the same thing back okay but in an attachment you wish your own happiness only that you become it's it's a form of selfishness okay so this is the difference between love and attachment so how attachment happens here's how it happens you see this person and you think like oh he or she is perfect for me he's the best thing for me and I want to be with that person forever I need to be with him or her forever I know I don't want to let that person uh go off my life okay I don't want that let that person to live my life I need to be with that person in that case you hold on to that person tightly okay you grab that person and you don't want to let go of that person then what you do in the next step you try to protect him or her okay sometimes you over protect him or her so some people they arrest they put restrictions okay you should not use social media you should not go and talk with other people right you should not come out of house remember the more you try to hold on to someone's life okay and the more you try to control someone's life chances are very very high for you to lose that person because if you dive into the Buddha's teachings okay when you dive in deep into Buddha's teachings but they say is that you live in your own private world as well as others okay same like you other people are also living in their private world you create your own private world you create your own happiness you create your own sadness and everything that you create is created by yourself okay your world is created by yourself so it goes same with others okay they are living in their private private World okay same as you like to be happy and same as you like to be free those people around you likes to be happy and free okay so what happens when you try to put restrictions on someone what happens is they don't like it okay no one likes to be under totally under control of someone okay they need to have some sort of freedom in their life so chances are very high for you to lose that person if you try to protect and over protect and hold on to it and hold on to that person and you think like I need to be with that person and what happens next is you become afraid of losing that person you think what if that this this guy or this person left leave me okay what will happen to me okay my whole world will be uh be a disaster remember the reality of life is no one in this world is permanent okay everyone everything every experience in this life is subjected to change that is the reality of life so that is that is how attachment happens but in love you come to the reality okay when you love someone correctly and purely without too much attachment you come to this reality to to this real world you know that these people around me are not going to live forever with me it's not going to happen now one of the things that both the advice does to remember every time every single day and every single time it is that it is possible to remember Buddha said remember that everyone around you okay every person who loves you and who you love is going to leave you okay you have to be separated from these people I know it is painful it is difficult to think because we love people okay we're afraid of losing their butt one day in one way or another okay and sooner or later this will happen at least at the death it will happen so we have to leave these people around us okay we are not going to live forever so when you realize that that is the reality okay when you realize that you come to the reality and think okay I have a very very little time with these people actually the life is short okay we have if we live if it if nothing happened to us we will live only for maybe like 85 years who knows okay so life is very short then you know that I'm not going to live with this person forever so what do you do you show your love affection kindness and compassion to this person in the best way that you can in this little time because you know that you have a very little time okay so to love someone you need to understand the reality of Life what is the reality of life everything is subjected to change okay everything is ever changing that is called Anita and Buddhism okay it is not permanent it is impermanent the second thing is that everyone in their own world is suffering okay we suffer in our own private worlds right so we have our own private and personal sufferings same like that others also are suffering in their life okay so if we expect that other people to fulfill all the needs and all the requirements hundred percent in our life that's not going to happen realize it okay because everyone personally is going through suffering understand about this that is called the and the third one is that no one in this world is totally under your control you cannot control people around you totally okay that is called anata you can you're out of control of this world okay the problem is we worry about the people that we cannot control okay can you control people's behavior no you cannot do that can you control how people behave and how people treat you how people talk to you how people think about you no that is their own business okay so what you can control is how you live in this your in your life the way you live in your personal life that is totally under your control so understand these three things what is that everything is subjected to change everyone is suffering in their own worlds and not everyone in this world is totally under your control this is called the truth in this life this is called the reality in this life once you understand this you know and you will learn how to be compassionate on people okay have to love people and then you can wish no matter what happens to you if you stay with me or if you you did not stay with me it's okay I wish the good of you I wish the happiness of you okay then that love will never hurt you okay but attachment when you get too much attached to people it will definitely hurt you so wish the good for everyone which is the happiness on everyone and then you will find the business that you're seeking for in your

  Top Comments:
  1. @andaruintan [18 likes]: i am so sad to hear that "i need you to be happy and if that doesnt include me then thats ok"
  2. @bobbybushwhacker [5 likes]: With this said, i have never been in love until the woman i am with now. The rest were all lust. Her and I can let the other one go ans chase goals and we always come back to each other. We support each other so well that it just proves to me that none of my past girlfriends were love. The chances are most of you havent been in love either.
  3. @clevlogs2660 [3 likes]: This is beautiful ❤
  4. @raghdahossam7627 [3 likes]: This is the best video I’ve ever seen about attachment!
Thank you!
  5. @ValentinBrutusBura [2 likes]: Love is like a nice Jewel you'd like to keep.
  6. @gorgeous_02 [2 likes]: Thank you
  7. @memoryzulu7890 [2 likes]: This is one of the greatest life changing videos I have ever watched. ❤❤❤
  8. @viveksharma8698 [1 likes]: JAI BABAJI 🌺🌷💐🌸🍷🌹❤️🌻🪷🦚🪷🦚🪷🦚🙏JAI MAA 🌷💐🌸🌹🍷🌺💚❤️🌻🌻🪷🦚🪷🦚🪷🦚🪷🦚🪷🦚🙏
  9. @crazywiener11 [1 likes]: A romantic relationship is not unconditional love, therefore there has to be boundaries. A Buddhist monk has to follow rules and boundaries also. Very much in the spirit of the middle way. A romantic relationship is very much based in Maya. It is valuable for life's journey, but it is not unconditional. Unconditional love has no rules or boundaries. So, it is important to make the distinction.
  10. @malarvizhimurugan7990 [1 likes]: Your words healing my heart 😢thank you
  11. @urmiladamle2406: Thank you so much 😊 🙏
  12. @sonalib1224: If you get bored, just shave your head and see who wants to still be your friend..it's better if you're a woman. 😂 I just started the process since hair has deep rooted attachment both physically and socially
  13. @HarinathPitta: It is 100% correct thank you for your message and I hope when you invite me to discuss about the buddaya
  14. @sylvafrankova6337: Thank you❤❤❤
  15. @guerrinoquaglia7028: Thanks. This is real  medicine.
  16. @ublack8749: Thanks lots ❤❤❤.....
  17. @maheshlade1: Too good.... Thank you...
  18. @sram0425: 🥰🥰🥰🥰
  19. @crystaldance5731: ❤️😊🙏
  20. @sujathananaiah3048: Wonderful message ❤

- How Curiosity, Flow, and Non-Attachment Unlock Your Brain's Power (S2E15) #brainwise #neuroscience: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to my brainwise coach. I am Col Bastian >> and I'm Phil Dixon >> and we are so thrilled that you have joined us for another discussion where we go through the look at life through the lens of neuroscience and then apply it to our everyday life. And if you're enjoying this conversation and our dialogue, please rate and review us wherever it is you get your podcasts or comment, share, subscribe on whatever social media platform you're following us on because it certainly does help others find our growing Brainwise community. And we have got a really exciting conversation to have with you today. And we've got a very special guest and I'm not gonna even attempt Prasad to go through your litany and your very deep knowledge and experience and the topics we're going to go through today. So I'm actually going to turn it over to you to introduce yourself to our brainwise friends. >> Thank you Cole and Phil. I am excited to be here and looking forward to our conversation. I come from India where essentially I grew up with basic religious to a certain extent conservative education, regular school during the day and homeschooling in some of the spiritual instructions during the mornings and evenings. rebelled went into physics because I wanted to understand more about how the world works from outside in. I didn't believe in any of the religious stuff anymore for a while. I didn't care about the philosophy or spirituality because I felt it was too constricting at one level. I thought I want to understand the wide world of how the universe operates. Physics sounded like a great thing. Got a PhD. Came to United States to do a post-doal fellowship and I became an assistant professor along the way. I was really in an exciting time in United States because just then the Apple computer had come up with Macintosh and my introduction to Macintosh was through a big confrontation. I had an opportunity to meet with Steve and the first conversation with Steve Jobs was a confrontation about whether when he promises Macintosh to do this, do that and it'll be delivered on so and so date. I challenged him. Do you think it'll be on time? Will it deliver what are all you are promising? And then that led to uh certain amount of conflict but out of that I got the first Macintosh in University of Utah thanks to my confrontation and I ended up becoming a convert. M >> that opened up a whole new world of from physics where I understand the universe to computers which give me a vehicle through which I interact with the universe. Mhm. >> So in some respects my journey was continuing from internal work which is the Indian philosophy to understanding the external world in physics to medium through which I can relate to external and internal world which is the personal computers. I got into it literally dove into computers, started writing a lot, working with developers of software and hardware. And interestingly, I became a storyteller of how computers can change education or change scientific technology and innovation. Next thing I know I'm in Apple and I was in international marketing. Didn't have any MBA. Didn't have any background in business but they felt my connection with various developers and how I am applying computers in science was of interest to them >> was in international marketing. From there, I also was continuing to start a small company based on Hyperkard called Hyper Creations. So, I got a million dollar funding from Utah Innovation Center to start a company on training and learning and just at the same time I got an offer from Apple. So, Bill Atkinson was a guy who was doing a lot of work because he's the one who came up with hyperard. >> We had some pretty interesting conversations and then he said, "Why don't you come to Apple instead of this startup, but keep the startup alive? Let's see what you can do inside and outside." Within a few months, it became very clear that I'm having so much fun in Apple. I even started learning about how to manage people. when Phil came and did a program on how to communicate and how to manage your employees when I became the first manager first time manager and in my infinite wisdom I invited Phil to have a conversation with me where I told him what all he did is right and what he did doesn't work and how I think the program should be redesigned next thing I know I moved from international marketing to work for Phil in Apple University where he said you seem to know a lot about not management but you seem to have connections with the engineers, you seem to have connection with marketeers and we are trying to figure out how to get people to really look at their development you know how do we develop people as leaders how do we develop people as engineers I think that's what we We are the kind of important part. We manage the soul of Apple in some respects. So I was fascinated by it and I really got seduced from technology and marketing to human development. Oh boy, what a mistake it was because I didn't understand diddly squat about managing teams, managing people or managing organizational development or change management. >> I was lost for a while but that was the most powerful time in my life. I actually understood that the philosophy I learned and the physics I learned and the computers are all very good about perception. >> I don't need to get attached to any one of those because none of them will really help me going along. And Bill Atkinson and myself started doing research on how do we design a learning processors. Alan K was the kind of mentor for Bill and for the project. So we started going around looking at how people learn, how people think so that we can design a learning tool. In that process I ended up looking at brain research. I ended up reconnecting with several Nobel laureates and doing research on how people learn, how people think. that led me to quit Apple, go back to integrate physics, neuroscience, technology and learning. Uh, and so I have been having fun after that. So that's what I've been doing. I've been doing some leadership development, research on learning, integrating the brain with the Indian spiritual wisdom with management. My journey has been one long journey with different facets coming in for me. They look like multiple careers but for me it is all >> one long journey >> and I and I never knew that in his heart that Prazab was actually a rebel. >> Yeah. >> Maybe that's why there's a connection between the two of you because Phil you do present as a rebel sometimes for those who don't know. >> Yes indeed. And Phil, is there anything you want to add to that? Because I know you've known Prasad for a long time now. Anything you want to add to or share from your personal experience of knowing him? >> No, I will add in the fact that Prrisad is very accurate in that he will present his exact thoughts, both the good, the bad, and the ugly. And so you better be prepared. But all of them are valuable. I didn't, as I said, I didn't know you were a rebel. I did know some of your journey. One of the things you could explain to people is maybe who Alan Kay was. You mentioned his name. >> Yeah, sure. Alan K was a person who actually invented personal computers. He wrote in bite magazine in 1968-69 something about a dynam book uh that can be a size of a notebook but that can represent what the big computers IBM some of the big companies were doing and he was in Xerox Park for a long time and then we at Apple stole him from there and then brought him into Apple. He was an Apple fellow. He's the guy who created the small talk language and in many ways you can say he's the father of personal computers >> here >> and Atkinson was again a fellow he was into graphical user interface and he was actually a neuroscience graduate student before he came into Apple computer. So he continued to have his interest in brain sciences till he passed away last year. So these two were my collaborators who took me from external perception of physics and tool making of computers into what actually makes us think what makes us learn which is the brain. So for me it's all one integrated perspective looking at it from different perceptions and different angles. That's what I've been doing all my life. And one of the wonderful things about Alan Kay, he had a future that if you want to predict the future, invent it. >> And it's been another part of my thinking from that point on side. You've already shared a lot and I think there's a lot of really great stuff that our brain wise friends are going to get out of what you have talked about through your experience, background, and just overall the experience that you have shared or you have gone through. I'm curious though because you mentioned that your interest in the brain really began during your time at Apple and so can you talk a little bit about how those early experiences shaped your thinking about neuroscience and learning and then even as you've continued on in your journey what else you have learned in that perspective. My interest in brain got triggered primarily by Bill Atkinson who was a neuroscience researcher and which we did we kept asking the questions like how do I look at it from the brain perspective what's happening in my attention cognition emotion these were the kinds of things which we were really seriously thinking about so the First thing we learned from brain sciences with Bill's perspective was let's have fun. Anything and everything which we can do with fun actually gets embedded in the brain lot more easily. So somewhere the idea that what we are doing is coming from the heart and coming from joy of what we are doing is significantly more important than having a serious conversation with a lot of academic stuff. Nope. Go with the flow and have fun and to some extent create it. Create something. Don't plan it. Don't structure it too much. Enjoy it and allow things to come in because that's what gets you into your flow. So we kept thinking about what it means. We found the languaging how we language. It is not just the words we use, the language of English that we are using. That's not what it is. How do I use my facial expressions? How do I use my hands? How do I actually engage my whole body and the brain and my emotion? When they come together, they become more appealing. So that means when somebody says they have presence and that presence has got something to do with how they are actually in the moment the attention and not attachment but mostly attention and perception. So there is a certain way in which I am viewing you and am I willing to change that view? Am I willing to not get attached to my beliefs? Can I actually be free and can I work with whatever is going on? Am I curious? So this curiosity for example help me to recognize whatever I'm very curious about whatever I'm engaged with whatever I'm interested in that's to open up because somehow the connections are made in the brain and somehow I begin to learn more about I begin to remember more about what I'm curious so there are I can tell technically about the frontal lobe or we can talk about default mode networks or how the executive networks work. But the key part is whatever I'm curious, whatever I'm interested, whatever I'm engaged emotionally, I I'm really with you. It lights up. There are more neural pathways that get opened up. I will remember what I need to remember. I will say what I need to say and somehow my brain and my mouth and my body and you all of us get into one single flow and I think that is something amazing that I learned and I continue to act on it and there are lots of insights that I can talk more about but let me stop at this and say brain really helped me to see what I have learned in the contemplative traditions are not just beliefs. As a matter of fact, deeper inquiry into what you might call a human operating system can be understood much more meaningfully through neuroscience. Uh, and they come into existence when they are all integrated. >> Right. >> You know, I it's very interesting because one of the things that and I know you have a question, so I'm gonna pop right over to you in a second. Um I just what is fascinating to me is my way of interpreting what you just shared or at least a part of it anyway is that as learning happens it's best if and it will be probably more rooted in continuing to remember it if it's rooted in emotion. So, if we can capture the emotion of others when we're teaching someone something or when we're going through a new experience, we're more likely to remember it and be able to perhaps even act upon it, which I think is even if someone that's listening isn't a learning designer by trade or in L & D, it can h if you're wanting your spouse or your child or someone else in your life is to learn something new or to go along a new journey, how can you capture them emotionally? them I think being the key word in that sentence because what captures me emotionally may not be what captures you emotionally. Um but Phil I think you had an add-on question. >> Well mine was a sort of a summary and an add-on question at the same time. And you may you've mentioned you talked about sort of curiosity. You talked about engagement. You talked about fun emotion. Where does self-awareness fit into all that? >> Very interesting. If I were to look at selfawareness from an identity perspective, it becomes different. But if I were to look at myself as part of the field that you know Cole and myself are creating, if I am looked at as my identity is being shaped by the conversation that we are having, that awareness is no longer about self in myself to selfawareness in the context. So that I call it an awareness of awareness. So to a certain extent sometimes you might call it I am conscious of what's going on inside of me and what's going on around me because of the field that three of us have created and that's really really important. So for example when I'm operating out of self awareness not attached to something I am witnessing something I am looking at myself and what's happening between three of us from an observer perspective when I am not attached to my ideas my beliefs or what I'm going to say or what you're going to say there is again the emotion becomes much higher. If we talk technically the amygdala which plays a lot of significant role by creating anxiety and other kinds of issues that reduces I get into a flow to a certain extent. If the control dominates too early, my imagination dies. The ideas die quickly. But if I can allow the awareness and imagination and creativity to work with each other, then I have fun. My lyic system, my emotional system works at a level where it actually uplifts or the brain language is more like a my I upshift from emotion to cognition. In that cognition, the connections get made much much more freely. That means I'm not limited to what I'm prepared to say or what is supposed to be said. continue >> key thing the question you asked Phil is what is the role of self-awareness I am saying as long as I am not stuck to a certain identity my brain is free to think and more I can free up my brain from a certain rigid structure from a rigid belief system when I'm free flowing the imagination the you know what you call a connection between the imagination network and executive control networks they seem to interact very well making me more creative more imaginative and the free flow of information allows me to feel I am at my test rather than I am at my rigid identity rel related frame. So self-awareness and the brain seems to have a lot of meaningful way and as long as the self-awareness is not just limited to identity awareness. >> When we teach people about listening, we talk about three levels of listening. One to reply, one to what's going and one to get much deeper. And what I'm thinking is that you're talking about is getting to that lower level of what was actually a more important level when you're actually engaged and you're not hanging on to those attachments and what you're going to say next. That's right. I actually I'm with you. There may be more than three levels but at least three levels that we identified are where I am listening from. If I am listening from an open mind where I am not attached to certain outcome or a certain response or I'm not limited by a certain relationship. There is freedom for me to you know listen to various things that come within the context. They can be connections I made some memories that come up from the past or what we are doing might actually be a creative conversation. New thoughts and new ideas can get triggered by our own conversation. So there is a role for listening within a structure. But as long as that structure is the ground, not the ceiling, I think the self-awareness allows me to engender more imagination and more creativity because it comes from freedom to think rather than a flow of what we are supposed to follow. I think that is something extremely important to the brain for me because it increases my joy. It gets me into flow with you instead of what I want to say or what I'm prepared to say. There is a dance you know like in music you talked to me before Phil when you are playing music you talked about jazz improvisation that is similar to even in India South India we have the classical music where they have no music sheets and there is nothing they sit in front of the audience and if the audience are really discriminating the quality of music and they are expecting you to perform arm at a very high level. It scares you a little bit. Once you get into your groove, once you are free flowing, once you are like literally the you, the side instruments, the audience, you get into a flow where the level of performance keeps increasing, where people are surprised. Wow, I didn't know that I could play like that. Or we never heard the explanation of this raa or this scale in this way ever before because we create not just creativity. We create when there is fun when there is freedom and there is a structure that allows us to be all that we can be. So there is something about capacity that we tap into uh when we are truly engaging with each other. I think we build on each other. So if we let's imagine for a moment that we had to stop right now. What one piece of advice would you have for our brainwise listeners to move in this direction? The advice I would say is I think it is connected with the listening Phil which you mentioned. I would say listen deeply for not just what you are saying, not just what you are expressing but what am I feeling? Again it comes back to emotions and the role of emotions in the brain. So one can I feel deeply my relationship with you and the space that we are creating including the audience that are there all the three of us if we can be with a certain deep listening for what is present that is first step that means when I listen for something deeper I create space I don't need to be in in a hurry to respond. Can I take a minute? Can I take a couple of breaths and not be hurried into doing something? Can I slow down instead of let the time not be pressuring you into something? Let the time slow down. So the time space continuum which we talk about comes into picture. Somehow if I can slow down the time and create space, I'm not creating space to say more, but I'm creating space for us to breathe, understand, and truly conspire some new creativity that can come together. So slow down, listen deeply, take a couple of breaths and just enjoy. I think those are some steps I would say first. >> It's great. And and and I was about to say that creates the context for what I'll call creating happy mischief. >> Yeah, creating happy mischief. And I that bridges to where another question that's somewhat similarly related in that it sounds like with your advice that you just shared, you're integrating a lot of different philosophies, maybe Eastern philosophy, watching philosophy and neuroscience. So how can leaders in this context apply these insights in practical everyday ways if they're leading a team or leading their family or leading an organization? >> I think we can build on what I just said before. One would be to pass and to listen deeply before responding. Between what people said, majority of the time leaders react. When they react, they lose control of not only others and the scenario, but also themselves. So, pause before responding. Create space and take a couple of breaths if you need to do. Second, I would also say connecting with what we have been talking about, notice the emotional state from which you are responding. Can I actually feel the choice that I have to respond as a leader? Can I really explore what field am I operating from? Am I in a field of confusion? Am I in a field where I have clarity? Sometimes we talk about strategic clarity as a leader that doesn't come if we don't have that emotional quietness and an emotional awareness of where am I coming from and some of these being able to come from an emotional state before we speak or before we make a decision. It is it does take practice. It does take certain discipline to do that. And the third one is loosen the identity. You may be a leader in what you are doing but you are speaking to other leaders. Don't look at other people as followers. Look at them as they are leaders in their field. You know there may be a salesperson but he brings the connection with the customer or there may be a manufacturing head and he or she might be making things which you have no idea how to do. So like that if you can begin to look at people around you people on your team or people who are leaders in their field and they are here to work with you. They are here to lead you. If you can come from that perspective, then the identity becomes a lot easier. I'm not stuck into certain role or identity. Then you can talk to them as people to people. Somehow when I talk to you on an equal footing, you free up, I free up and we have a much more meaningful and productive conversation as a leader. I think these are probably three things that become important because rigidity whether it is a cognitive rigidity, whether it's a role identity rigidity, none of them help our brain to work at their best. So dropping the rigidity allows us to get into a flow. And brain loves flow. Brain loves fun. And brain loves to have the freedom to think. That is when it has thinking. It does thinking instead of just having thoughts. >> And I think you've just come up with the three Fs. Fun, flow, and freedom. >> Oh, I didn't know that. I won't use the fourth F. That's a really good idea. Thank you. I appreciate that. >> But I do have a It's taken my mind in a different direction. You come back to Earth, Phil. >> You have obviously spent a lot of time in the spiritual side, in the brain side, and as we both know, you spent a lot of time with Steve Jobs. What was it? What was different about Steve's brain in your opinion? I think he does not follow patterns. I he doesn't buy into some patterns even though once I read it is not something which came up in a conversation that I read that when he went to Japan he met a designer of a particular kind of a shirts polo shirts. So he bought two dozen of them. So why? Because he doesn't need to choose. He says wherever I don't need to worry about why do I care about which shirt do I wear today? So he had a black polo shirts two dozen of them and he just wore them. So that actually connects with the brain. Wherever you don't need to make choices, why do you complicate some other stuff? So he simplified he really looked at simplicity. The second thing I also found is that Steve Jobs doesn't seem to worry about oh I avoid conflicts. I don't want conflicts. He jumps into conflicts with both feet in. He doesn't care. I remember one story Bill told me about there was a time when all these people in the engineers went to give a bad message to Steve Jobs saying that we are not going to be able to deliver the product on time and the manager project product manager who went in Bob I think is his name he went in And it seems he went and said, I will challenge myself if I'll really go, you know, out of certain norms of how I should report to Steve and I'm afraid all of that. He said, and I'm going to tell him this is not possible. We will not deliver the product and we are not going to follow his deadline. He they went he went in there and these people were all anxiously waiting. After one hour he comes out and says I know how we can deliver the product on time. So he said what happened? He says I have no idea. There is a reality distortion that takes place when you go to Steve and that is something that people talked about reality distortion field that he creates because he doesn't look at what works what doesn't work. So it seems one question which Steve asked was if your children's health depends on it. If 300 people will die if you cannot deliver this product, what will you do? What options do you have? How will you deliver this product? Because 300 people's lives are dependent on it. He said, "If my children's lives are dependent on it, and if 300 people's lives are dependent on it, I would do this, I would cut this, I would do this." He said, "Yeah, good. Go do that." And deliver the product. So >> great story. >> Steve has a way of coming up with impossible scenarios but connects it to life, death, food and sex. And we know according to the brain research when you talk about some of these the brain operates in a completely different way because it goes outside the constraints and it begins to think in a very imaginative way. So Steve seems to know that and he seems to really come up with ways to tap into people's creativity. Of course, one thing you can say is and many people whom I talked to in Apple, Bill and several of the early colleagues of Macintosh and Apple operating system, what they told me is he challenged us to go beyond who we think we are. Some respects he really put us down so badly who we think we are. Either we had to raise above or buy into his belief because the two favorite words they told me is you are God or you are and on the same day you can be God three times in the morning and become the in the afternoon and become a god again in the evening. So because of these extreme polarized views with which he views you, he challenged you to go outside of your own identity, the rigid identity that we are studying in neuroscience, he really stretched you. So could it have been done better? Could it have been done without putting people's down and because many people couldn't live up to Steve Jobs and they still have very negative impressions of him. But on the other hand, some people who took that challenge and who went outside the constraints of their identity, they became world leaders in what they did. They became extraordinary because of the challenge he presented. They still feel pretty bad about some things that happened. But at the same time, you cannot say the role of Steve was to bring out the genius in some of them. He has a significant role in that. >> Yes. And I think one of the things I would say as also having been both a god and a worse than a I was threatened to be fired at one time. I think that's one lower than isn't it? He it was the old phrase, it's complicated. There are so many facets, but I do remember you telling me a story at one point in time about Steve and his daughter in a peculiar wonderful learning instance for him. >> Yeah. I used to spend a lot of time in center for learning uh in the Bay Area and that was started by Karen Macau and there was a teacher called Mary Leak. She passed away now. She was a 5-ft dynamo and an amazing math teacher and an amazing in her ability to learn and teach. The story that Mary told me was when Steve's daughter, the first daughter, Laura, I think I Lisa, if I remember right, Lisa was four years old when she joined the center for learning. Steve came to first parent teacher meeting in the fall and it seems Mary Leak was having these 12 or 15 kids along with their parents in the parent teacher meeting and she asked the kids to use their like a Lego blocks like a some kind of a small 100piece kit. She told the parents and children to use 20 minutes to build whatever they can build so that the kindergarteners can show to the parents what they are doing in the classroom because Mary was big in math manipulatives. Everything to be done using certain erector kits rather than using the cognition. She felt that by touch and by emotion the cognition builds up and they are too young to just do mental manipulations before they master something. So 20 minutes later they all come back and in one corner Steve Jobs and his daughter Lisa had turned on some flood lights focusing on a certain area and he had took the flip chart and blocked anybody to view what they have built. So there was a certain secretive stuff that was there in what Steve and his daughter were doing. And they were smiling in a conspiratory way. And when people said, "Okay, can you show what you have?" He said, "We will go last." And when their turn came, you know, with a big ta moment where they take off that flip chart that is blocking them and the flood light was showing, it seems the whatever they built with the Lego bricks. They didn't even use half the bricks, but they used the light from the flood light and the shadow that falls in to create not just a three-dimensional view, but it was light and shadow image that they created. It was really surreal and beautiful. Everybody clapped. And then Mary said, "It seems that you know this is one of the most creative things that a four-year-old and her father has done." And then she said, "Kids, take all your blocks, put them in the Ziploc bag, and put them in your shelf. I need to talk to your parents." But then there was a loud shriek, and it was not from Lisa. But Steve said, "How can you destroy this masterpiece which you admitted that you haven't seen in your 20 plus years of career?" And Mary said, "What do you expect me to do?" Oh, you need to preserve it. This is something amazing, right? So, it should be seen by everybody. To his surprise, it seems Mary laughed and said, "Mind can create a lot of wonderful things, Steve. If everything the mind creates you try to hold on and try to memorialize that your mind will stop thinking because what happens in your brain it is like various moments emotions experiences are like glass pieces in a kaleidoscope. As long as you keep turning the kaleidoscope, new patterns, don't get attached to the patterns because the moment you get attached to the pattern, kaleidoscope becomes a display. Your brain stops working. It seems Steve Jobs was little ashamed and he got it. But he completely got transformed by that moment from what Mary told me because he gave a spontaneous hug uh to Mary at the end and said I will remember this or something to that moment. I don't know exactly what he said but he really began to become extraordinarily creative from that moment from what I understand. So that tells me that any patterns, any identity, any attachment, all of them limit our perception. Our perception and our emotion are more important in neuroscience than anything else. That's what I took away from that. >> It's a it's a sounds like Mary was quite a genius herself. >> She was. Now there is a saga going on because all her recordings are in a place of conflict from what I understand and the school is now run by somebody else. But there is I think I would love to figure out a way to get all her recordings available because if she was able to transform Steve Jobs and reframe his thinking in one incident in an hour, I'm curious to see what other insights does he have about learning. >> And one of the things we've talked about is helping people that ability to reframe. And it sounded not only did she have that ability but in a in an a way to do it within a microscond that's a unique ability. >> Yeah. I think even in the business since I quit and I started doing the coaching and I started doing the leadership development what I learned was learning for execution is very different from executive executing for learning. Very interesting. Most of us in business or in life, we want to execute something. That's where we pay attention. Even we study brain to see how can we be more effective, more productive, more successful in doing what we are doing. If we can let go of that, as a matter of fact, that connects with the philosophy that I learned while I was growing up. Stop getting attached to the outcome. Any attachment even to my children even to anything brain has got a way of becoming less effective when we get attached especially if we get attached to an outcome. Somehow our perception narrows. Our ability to think becomes reduced and our own capacity to make the connections and whether it is the milein sheet or whether it is the neuronal connections whatever we want to talk about our ability to recall and come up with new patterns and new stuff. imagination to a certain extent is reduced significantly and I think these are some important points that I learned uh that don't get attached to outcome plan have an intention start with it because clear intention will give you focus to the brain but once you have an intention once you strategize then let go let go of attachment let go of it then You will be better prepared when the competition changes the game and if something that happens which is not in your plan, your brain will upshift itself to get you the best response. But if you get rigid, you're not thinking, you're just having old thoughts. So like Einstein said, he had he only had two original thoughts in his life. One led to photo electric effect and another led to relativity and he said I wish I had a third thought but I didn't. We are all stuck in autopilot mode. We get stuck in a conditioned mind in that we are using like the common statement people make oh we are using only 5% of the brain 10% of the brain. But what it means metaphorically is we are operating out of a cerebelum and medulla oblangator and this primitive brain. We are not using the emotional brain let alone using this cognitive brain. If I for a moment I go back to the triune brain model which is really old model. But still according to that we operate out of conditioned mind. We operate out of past. We operate out of patterns. We keep looking for patterns to respond. That is not useful. That part of the brain is all about survival. If we need to think, if we need to imagine, if we need to create, like what you said, Phil, when you quoted, inventing the future, that invention is available to the brain, when you are not under stress, not out of conditioned mind. when you are free, when you are having fun, when you are giving space, when you are enjoying what you are doing with other people, >> I think it's a really powerful statement and I think thank you so much for sharing and as you look to the future, Prasad, what excites you most about the future of neuroscience leadership and human development and spirituality really coming together? What excites you? >> This is a very interesting and important question for me. I have the same brain for a long time but I notice that my productivity for past two years is probably five times higher. I'm talking 500%. That is because I am able to work with AI agents. I some of them are agents some of them are not language models different way. So the collaborating with AI is something very exciting. Yes, I here and I'm being in Silicon Valley. My neighbor works on the brain models at Google, somebody else works on it. I interact directly and whether they will become conscious whether the AI will overtake human beings. You know what? I'm not worried about it. Actually, that's not what is interesting to me about the future. The future is when I can work with the AI, the computer, my productivity shoots up like nobody's business. Now whatever I wrote two academic papers 50 page 60 page long with 100 plus citations and my ability to do that would have taken 3 years to write two papers of really high quality in a journal but I was able to do that with my collaborators and we were able to work with the AI within 3 to 6 months. That is because human productivity when it is connected with AI then I don't need to worry about being smart. I don't need to worry about knowing. I don't need to worry about being perfect. My creativity, my imagination, my inquiry, that's an important part. What am I inquiring? What am I curious about? What am I examining? that allows me to collaborate with the AI and create something that has not been created. Whether it is in a medical field, whether it is in a space field, whether it is in innovation, I think we are entering the golden age of human beings in collaboration with the technology can reach goals that were not even imaginable a few years ago. So for me I'm really excited. Of course, the concern that comes within is are we going to think, are we going to collaborate or are we going to be afraid and let the fear, let the survival, let somebody, some species taking over leave us out of the opportunity to collaborate and think and man machine interface to really create all kinds of future. I think that's where I'm concerned about. It is not about machines thinking but human beings still not thinking is of a bigger concern for me. So hopefully they will inspire us to feel and think and machines will collaborate. That would be wonderful. >> That's a powerful way to close us out. So thank you. I truly think our Brainwise friends have gained so much information and expertise after listening and a bunch of tidbits and takeaways that they can apply in their own life about being curious and remaining self-aware and rising above and detaching from outcomes and then sharing your vision for the future in terms of collaborating with AI and really I think you're practicing some of the things you already talked about today in your collaboration with AI you know which is going to help you accomplish the things that you are setting out to accomplish. whereas others may be holding themselves back due to the fear of whatever it is. Truly powerful conversation today. Thank you so much for joining us. Phil, are there any final thoughts you want to share before we close out with our brainwise friends and with our wonderful guest Prasad? >> Yeah, just one and that is you and I call had a conversation probably three and a half months ago when I mentioned Prasad and that we should have him come and talk on this show and in my imagination it was going to be good. It's been incredible. So thank you. Thank you so much. >> Thank you Phil because you are the one to certain extent >> before the AI you stimulated my mind. You got me to think about >> from technology and marketing to really look at human development and you created a pathway for me to move into Apple University. So to a certain extent your simple stimulation and your invitation see invitation means there was a choice for me to accept or reject. Whenever that choice is given my brain allows me to see the possibilities instead of fears. I think that is something that I found is extremely important. Invite people don't control people. So you did that. That is one. Second thing which I also found is you know obviously what Bill Atkinson and myself were doing was the early AI. We were working with prologue and lisp not the agi we talk about at that time network was not capable technology was not capable software was not capable and interestingly the neuroscience that we talk about the models of AI are all built on the brain models but the key part what we are recognizing is the brain requires a body and it requires a heart and It requires playmates, fun people to work with. I think now I believe that the opportunity is present if we can start enjoying and looking at possibilities. I have a feeling we will create something extraordinary. And thank you for this opportunity, Phil and Cole. I really enjoyed the conversation with you. It was great meeting. Fantastic. Absolutely incredible. Thank you so much for your time. I know I have learned a lot and it's already got my mind thinking in many different ways. So, thank you so much personally and also from our Brainwise friends for spending the time with us. And as always, until next time, stay curious, stay compassionate, and always stay brainwise.

- How I Practice Wu Wei Every Day – And Why It Works: Kind: captions Language: en Hello beautiful human. Today I would love to explore with you how we can raise our energy to get out our own way to find more love, creativity, self-expression and we are going to do it through exploring an amazing term a philosophical concept from ancient China called woe which refers to an effortless way of being where you can go on a first date and feel grounded and relaxed where you can be in a business meeting and you are speaking with clarity and confidence and on the inside you're calm. calm and relaxed. Wooi is really about moving from here stuck in our mind often where rigidity and self-judgment lives and relaxing into the present moment and then from that present moment being effortlessly effective where we can still be doing big things but our experience of those big things is a sense of ease. How do we do that? In this video I want to share the how, the what, and the why. how to woo, what to do in order to practice it, and why we should even bother. So, let's start with the how. How to woo, how to get out of your mind and into the body. But there is a little bit of a paradox here because if we are constrained and maybe judging ourselves, maybe you have a creative project that you want to get into the world, but you feel ah people aren't going to like it. I'm not good enough. Or maybe there's somebody that you fancy and you're too scared to go up and introduce yourself. Whatever it is, that constriction and fear. That's the forcing and the effort that we want to let go of. Can we let go of the unnecessary burden of self- judgment and to show up just simply in this present moment in a state of more relaxation? But there's a paradox moving from tension to relaxation is that if it is the mind that is causing the tension where you need to use the mind in order to let go of the mind. Right? So there's a paradox here. It's like I want to relax more but just how do I relax using the mind which is precisely the thing that's causing the tension in the first place. So this is the paradox at the heart of wooi and how to show up more effortlessly. Thankfully, we can hold paradoxes. It doesn't matter that it is a paradox because we can still practice woo wait. How do you do it? Three steps. Firstly, to notice tension. Noticing is so important. Just notice. Okay, I'm constricted today. My heart is feeling more closed today. I'm feeling anxious today. I'm feeling self-judgmental today. That's where I am. Can I embrace this moment? Notice. Cool. All right. Tension is here. Stage two to let go. All right. So, I notice and accept. I'm also going to then invite. Can I let go of tension? Can I slow my breath down to have a soft bend in the knees and to feel myself held by the earth? This moment is okay. I intend to let go of unnecessary additional tension. You can use that as a mantra in your mind. I choose now. I choose to let go. I choose uncertainty. I love uncertainty. I embrace uncertainty. Finding a mantra that works for you. Noticing tension. Having having an intention to let go. And then stage three is to trust. To trust the present moment, to trust yourself, to adapt from the present moment without having to be overanalyzing and over anxious about what you need to do next. You know, in conversation, for example, you and I would just be talking effortlessly. No needing to plan the next sentence. However, on a date, maybe you fancy the person and you're a little bit scared. Speaking for myself here, then yeah, suddenly, oh, what do I need to say next? Okay, trust. I trust myself to move from the present moment. And that requires presence. Truly listening in an embodied way. So that's it. Notice, let go. Trust. Notice let go. Trust. Notice. Let go. Trust. This is a practice every day. Bringing that intention of I noticing where I'm holding unnecessary tension. And I notice, let go, trust. Notice, let go, trust. Every day. Every moment that you come back into awareness is where you're training your heart and mind and nervous system that there's another way of being available to you. one of trust and acting from the present instead of only from the mind. So that is the how of wow wee and this is something that you're going to have to embody and experience but hopefully those three stages are going to be useful for you. So what there are activities that can train your ability to get out your own way to express your creative gifts from the present moment. One of them is improv comedy. So, I'm here in Chicago and I've been doing a fiveweek summer intensive training, which has been super fun. And if you haven't tried improv comedy before, it's a very beautiful way to trust yourself because there'll be many times where a little voice in your head says, "I'm not funny. I can't say that." And then you're in a safe space and you say the thing anyway and you keep stepping in. I'd recommend improv as a beautiful thing for life, just to enjoy yourself more and to enjoy life more. Also, if you just want to come see a show, support the movement, improv comedy is is very, very beautiful. So, that's one activity you can do. I'd say another one then is Tai Chi and Chiong. If you've been following the channel for a while, you know that this has been my moving meditation that has brought me into more clarity. And what I love about Tai Chi is that it's an a physical extension of pure meditation. pure meditation. You're sitting down and you notice the reality of thoughts that I'm not my thoughts and I can choose whether or not to empower a thought or if I can just let it go. With Tai Chi, it's a practice to come into the present moment and to enjoy the ride of your body leading the way. And so now, you know, in this moment, I'm not planning any of this. I'm just allowing my body to guide me and to yeah enjoy that self-expression. So tai chi chiong fun things for you to try. Thirdly, how and what to practice in order to become more wooui is your own creative endeavor. So what how do you want to express yourself creativ creatively? Can you every day give yourself the gift of doing something for its own sake? It's a question for you to reflect on. What could be one thing I do every day for its own sake. So important to give ourselves these gifts of joy and self-expression with no need for any external reward. For me that is singing and sometimes rapping, sometimes dancing in Tai Chi or climbing trees. These are some of the things that I love to do. So we've done the how. We've done the what and the why. So, you are now cultivating an ability to move in a heart opened way from the present moment. So beautiful and life-changing. And I also then invite you to begin to remove the the separation between okay, I'm going to woo now and then this is my life or this is my work and this is my relationship and career. Can you fuse the two? No separation between practice and life. We are cultivating an energy for life uh an approach to life. And so I invite you to bring this energy of wooue into your work in creativity and career as well. So for me something that I'm doing in September, I wanted to give you a quick update. I'm doing a masters in environmental economics in London because I want to now weave ideas to help us find balance not only as individuals but collectively as well. and bringing that energy for me that sense of woowoo and ease even though you know got the YouTube channel and many things that I'm working on my affirmation is that I can have it all like why not me and I trust myself I am infinite finding some mantras that work for you can be really helpful I love mantras I used to be very skeptical about them but now I I see it as a invitation of an energy and an invitation to embody a truth that maybe doesn't feel fully true now, but as we repeat these mantras, they become more and more true. So, how can you show up with service with this energy of woowooi, removing distinctions between life and wooi itself? So, this is a little video, a little check-in. I hope you're super good. I would love to hear your voice in the comments down below. What helps you woo? What helps you relax the thinking mind? How do you like to express yourself creatively? Let's inspire each other in the comments. Hope you flow well. Thank you as always for your presence and energy. I feel so grateful for joining us together on this journey. Fly well, my friend.

  Top Comments:
  1. @breathwalk4u [1 likes]: Wonderful George! Thanks for your energy, thoughtfulness and wu wei
  2. @BrucePGrether [1 likes]: Hi George! Thoughtful & inspiring as always. Congrats on working on that Master's in Environmental Economics. Exciting! For some decades now, I've practiced Taoist Energy Cultivation practices… and I understand that there may be some of those you do not feel comfortable discussing in such a public forum. But the entire spectrum of human embodiment must be included, or the process is partial. Anyway, as always, let me express my huge admiration and gratitude for your presence in this world! - Bruce
  3. @mofopeolaleye8187: Just to clarify:
How to wu wei:
1. Notice tension.
2. Let go and embrace uncertainty
3.  Trust yourself and your present experience.

Ways to improve wu wei practice:
 Improv, Tai Chi, Qi Gong, Creative self-expression, make Wu wei a lifestyle, mantras 

Why Wu Wei? to improve self-worth, self love, and selfless service.
  4. @thementalself: Simple yet powerful steps to greater sense of ease, thank you today for this popping up, I must have needed it. ;-) 🙏

- The Taoist Cure for a Crowded, Stressful Mind: Kind: captions Language: en “It is easier to carry an empty cup than one that is filled to the brim.” &nbsp; Lao Tzu We often fail to realize how&nbsp;&nbsp; essential emptiness is. Perhaps it is because we&nbsp; instinctively value something over nothing. We tend to cherish sound more than silence,&nbsp; life more than death, and certainty more than&nbsp;&nbsp; the unknown. Likewise, we often prefer filling our&nbsp; minds, expressing our thoughts, and staying busy&nbsp;&nbsp; over stillness, silence, and simply ‘being’. To the modern human, what’s emptiness&nbsp;&nbsp; but a deficiency to be filled? But the ancient Taoists saw emptiness very&nbsp;&nbsp; differently. They believed emptiness has inherent&nbsp; value. In fact, they saw it as one of the most&nbsp;&nbsp; important principles of life, which shouldn’t be&nbsp; avoided but cultivated. The ancient texts provide&nbsp;&nbsp; various examples of how emptiness is important and&nbsp; how it can benefit our lives in profound ways. This video explores the underrated power of&nbsp; emptiness, based on ancient Taoist philosophy. My name is Stefan. If you enjoy my work, you&nbsp; can subscribe to my newsletter on Substack.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can also support me on Patreon, and my&nbsp; books are available on Amazon. Thank you,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I hope you’ll enjoy this video.&nbsp; Imagine walking through a large, beautiful,&nbsp; bustling city like Paris, Rome, or perhaps&nbsp; Singapore. Since Taoism is very much present&nbsp;&nbsp; in Singapore, it seems like a fitting&nbsp; place for our thought experiment. So, you’re walking through Singapore. What do&nbsp; you see? You see skyscrapers in the distance,&nbsp;&nbsp; a Hindu temple on your left, a coin laundry&nbsp; on your right, and a subway station in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of you. You see people walking around,&nbsp; trees and plants decorating the sidewalks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and cars driving on the insanely clean streets. There’s much to see in Singapore. It’s a colorful,&nbsp;&nbsp; diverse place. But as you walk through&nbsp; its streets, are you paying attention&nbsp;&nbsp; to what isn’t there? Are you aware of the&nbsp; spaces around and within everything you&nbsp;&nbsp; see? These questions may seem strange, but the&nbsp; Taoists argued that emptiness is as much a part&nbsp;&nbsp; of things as their physical form. In fact, it&nbsp; is often emptiness that makes them useful. Thirty spokes are joined together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that allows the wheel to function. We mold clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that makes the vessel useful. ...according to the Tao Te Ching. When we think about it, without emptiness none&nbsp;&nbsp; of the things we observe in our world can really&nbsp; exist, as the ancient Greek philosopher Parmenides&nbsp;&nbsp; already suggested. We need empty space. We need&nbsp; it for movement, for separation between objects&nbsp;&nbsp; and beings, for making anything functional. Take a house, for example. We may put great&nbsp;&nbsp; emphasis on the materials used to build it,&nbsp; such as its concrete walls, wooden doors,&nbsp;&nbsp; or soundproof windows. We want the foundation&nbsp; to be strong, the roof to be durable. But,&nbsp;&nbsp; as Lao Tzu suggested, isn’t the emptiness inside&nbsp; that makes it livable? Sure, we use the materials&nbsp;&nbsp; to put the house together, but it’s mainly&nbsp; the empty spaces between them that we use. The same goes for anything in a city, like&nbsp; Singapore: it’s the empty space within&nbsp;&nbsp; subway stations that allows us to enter,&nbsp; walk to the platforms, and board trains.&nbsp;&nbsp; It allows these trains to move within&nbsp; the tunnels in the first place. So, emptiness turns out to be highly&nbsp; essential for our existence. Okay. That’s a nice observation. But how could&nbsp; this notion help us in our daily affairs? The&nbsp;&nbsp; ancient Taoist texts show that the significance of&nbsp; emptiness isn’t limited to the mere functionality&nbsp;&nbsp; of objects in the world; it also applies to&nbsp; the workings of our minds and how we feel. From a Taoist perspective, the problem with&nbsp; many people is that their minds are simply&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘too full’. Let’s take a look. Give up intellectual learning and you will have no worries. Agreement and disagreement, are they really so different? Good and evil, are they really so far apart? What others fear, must I also fear? This nonsense is unending! In this translation by author&nbsp;&nbsp; and qigong teacher Solala Towler, is Lao Tzu&nbsp; advocating for full-blown anti-intellectualism? Not really, at least not the kind of&nbsp; anti-intellectualism we often see today,&nbsp;&nbsp; where people reject institutional systems of&nbsp; knowledge, sometimes for understandable reasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; only to replace them with influencer&nbsp; slogans, simplistic worldviews,&nbsp;&nbsp; and conspiracy narratives that lack evidence and&nbsp; reinforce personal biases. That, too, is a form of&nbsp;&nbsp; “intellectual learning,” but a pretty poor one. Lao Tzu does seem wary of intellectual pursuits,&nbsp;&nbsp; though. Gaining knowledge and immersing ourselves&nbsp; in countless categories, ideas, and theories is&nbsp;&nbsp; all fun and games, but these also occupy our&nbsp; minds. They can lead to worry and overthinking.&nbsp;&nbsp; We become attached to distinctions and conceptual&nbsp; frameworks, while reality itself may be far more&nbsp;&nbsp; fluid than our concepts suggest. Over time, we may begin to mistake our&nbsp;&nbsp; interpretations for reality itself. We develop&nbsp; strong opinions about what is good and evil,&nbsp;&nbsp; right and wrong, whom we should fear and whom we&nbsp; should welcome. Inevitably, these belief systems&nbsp;&nbsp; clash with those of others, something we can&nbsp; observe in many parts of the West today. When our minds are full and closed off, there&nbsp; is little room for new insights or different&nbsp;&nbsp; perspectives. But what if, even just temporarily,&nbsp; we’d empty our minds of existing beliefs? What&nbsp;&nbsp; if we’d just let go of what we know? What if we&nbsp; create space to see reality without immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; filtering it through the lens of what we&nbsp; already believe or assume to be true? From a Taoist perspective, this space creates&nbsp; a sense of openness, or xū (虚), a receptive&nbsp;&nbsp; state of mind that allows us to perceive&nbsp; reality more clearly, without being overly&nbsp;&nbsp; constrained by prior interpretations. “The empty apartment is filled with&nbsp;&nbsp; light through it.” ..said Zhuangzi. Like an empty room illuminated by&nbsp; light, an empty mind becomes more&nbsp;&nbsp; receptive to reality and direct experience. There’s another aspect to ‘emptiness of mind’;&nbsp;&nbsp; not so much the absence of knowledge, but the&nbsp; absence of all kinds of discursive activity.&nbsp;&nbsp; We tend to fill our minds with problems,&nbsp; seeking solutions, planning, plotting,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes in a very repetitive manner. Our minds&nbsp; become crowded and tense. And the more we try to&nbsp;&nbsp; force a good idea, the less we seem to succeed. Many of our best ideas emerge when we stop trying&nbsp;&nbsp; so hard. They arrive during a morning walk&nbsp; or in the shower. They come up when our&nbsp;&nbsp; minds are spacious; when there’s room for&nbsp; ideas to appear naturally. It is often the&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘emptiness of the mind’ in such moments that&nbsp; allows ideas to arise, rather than discursive&nbsp;&nbsp; thought trying to force them into existence. But there’s another dimension of mental emptiness&nbsp;&nbsp; that could benefit us, according to the ancient&nbsp; Taoist texts, which we’ll explore right now.&nbsp; Someone asked the Taoist philosopher Lieh-tzu why&nbsp; he valued ‘emptiness’. He answered as follows: “Most people like to be praised. They feel good&nbsp; when their accomplishments are acknowledged.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, I feel we would be better off if we&nbsp; were empty of attachments and not imprisoned&nbsp;&nbsp; by recognition, approval, and disapproval. In the&nbsp; long run, we’d have fewer things to worry about.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s why I value emptiness.” End quote. Lieh-tzu saw what many spiritual traditions&nbsp; and philosophers have observed as well: a mind&nbsp;&nbsp; preoccupied with worldly concerns, described in&nbsp; the original text as “fame and profit,” or míng&nbsp;&nbsp; lì (名利), is not a very pleasant mind. It’s a mind&nbsp; full of worry; a mind that generates suffering. And let’s face it: pursuing fame often means&nbsp; constantly trying to please an audience. We&nbsp;&nbsp; end up doing and saying things with&nbsp; other people’s approval in mind. Obtaining praise usually takes a lot of effort.&nbsp; And most people want to keep the praise coming;&nbsp;&nbsp; they fear falling out of favor, so they&nbsp; keep watering it, hoping people will&nbsp;&nbsp; continue to adore them. And so, they have&nbsp; built themselves a prison; one based on&nbsp;&nbsp; “recognition, approval, and disapproval”. What’s even worse is that people’s opinions&nbsp;&nbsp; aren’t in their control, and they might fall out&nbsp; of favor anyway despite their efforts. So, there’s&nbsp;&nbsp; always the fear that they’ll lose the recognition&nbsp; and approval they spent so much time building,&nbsp;&nbsp; which, as we know, could happen in a heartbeat. A mind occupied with profit is another path to&nbsp;&nbsp; ongoing worry and anxiety. When we view life&nbsp; primarily through the lens of gain and loss,&nbsp;&nbsp; our well-being becomes tied to circumstances&nbsp; beyond our control. Success leads to satisfaction,&nbsp;&nbsp; while failure brings disappointment. And&nbsp; so we spend our days pursuing profit and&nbsp;&nbsp; guarding against loss, as our happiness depends&nbsp; on it. Often, that’s a stressful way to live. So, Lieh-tzu felt people would be better off&nbsp; if their minds were empty of such attachments.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pursuits of fame and wealth are worthless anyway,&nbsp; he claimed. And our so-called accomplishments&nbsp;&nbsp; rely so heavily on external circumstances that we&nbsp; might ask ourselves whether taking credit for them&nbsp;&nbsp; and parading them around is even fair. Better just let them go and quiet down,&nbsp;&nbsp; says Lieh-tzu. And by doing so, we might&nbsp; even reach the ultimate form of Taoist&nbsp;&nbsp; emptiness, which we’ll explore next. If you can empty your mind of all thoughts your heart will embrace the tranquility of peace. Watch the workings of all of creation, but contemplate their return to the source. When we’ve contemplated the value of emptiness,&nbsp;&nbsp; calmed our minds, and let go of desires for&nbsp; fame and profit, we could engage in the process&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhuangzi called the ‘fasting of the heart’. In ancient Chinese thought, the heart, xin (心),&nbsp;&nbsp; was seen as the center of both thinking&nbsp; and feeling, which is why Zhuangzi’s term&nbsp;&nbsp; is often translated as either “fasting&nbsp; of the heart” or “fasting of the mind.”&nbsp;&nbsp; In Chinese, it is called xinzhai (心齋). When our modern lives usually revolve around&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘gaining,’ such as gaining knowledge, gaining&nbsp; experiences, gaining money, or gaining power,&nbsp;&nbsp; the idea of the fasting of the heart is more&nbsp; about losing or forgetting. Instead of trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; get more, we take the weight off our shoulders,&nbsp; until there’s nothing left but… emptiness. In the Zhuangzi, Confucius&nbsp; describes the process as follows: “Don’t listen with your ears, listen with&nbsp; your mind. No, don’t listen with your mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; but listen with your spirit. Listening stops&nbsp; with the ears, the mind stops with recognition,&nbsp;&nbsp; but spirit is empty and waits on all things. The&nbsp; Way gathers in emptiness alone. Emptiness is the&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting of the mind.” The fasting of the heart is more than letting go&nbsp; of desires for success or reputation. It means&nbsp;&nbsp; letting go of outcomes, beliefs, ambitions, and&nbsp; even our sense of self. Rather than constantly&nbsp;&nbsp; judging things as good or bad, right or wrong, we&nbsp; remain open to a world that is always changing. This kind of mental clarity, so to speak,&nbsp; allows for spontaneous action. We can observe&nbsp;&nbsp; what is happening without distortion from&nbsp; preconceptions, expectations, or desires,&nbsp;&nbsp; and respond to what arises. It is an openness, an&nbsp; emptiness, that allows us to experience reality&nbsp;&nbsp; more directly. And this may even enhance&nbsp; our performance in certain situations. We can find an example of this in the Zhuangzi,&nbsp; which tells about a skilled archer who could&nbsp;&nbsp; easily hit the target when nothing was at&nbsp; stake. But when he competed for a prize,&nbsp;&nbsp; his thoughts about winning interfered with&nbsp; his ability to shoot. His mind was filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with desire, anxiety, and thoughts about&nbsp; the future, whereas before it was clear,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing him to shoot with ease. From a Taoist perspective, the fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; of the mind brings us closer to the Tao,&nbsp; which lies at the very heart of Taoism.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Tao cannot be fully understood through&nbsp; concepts or intellectual analysis, yet it&nbsp;&nbsp; is ever-present and underlies all things. As we let go of our attachment to ideas, concepts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and discursive thought, we become more attuned&nbsp; to the greater process of which we are a part.&nbsp;&nbsp; Or as Sinologist Woei-Lien Chong wrote&nbsp; in her book about Taoist philosophy:&nbsp;&nbsp; “one with the breathing of the cosmos.” If you’re interested in Taoist philosophy,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve compiled a book of my ramblings&nbsp; inspired by ancient Taoist texts,&nbsp;&nbsp; titled Taoism for Inner Peace. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArthurM1863 [4 likes]: A lot of people confuse these kind of thinking with being like a stone Buddha, a human without anything in his mind and almost without a heart. But Alan Watts explained it very nicely, he said "It really doesn't mean that. The emptiness is more like the emptiness of space, which contains the whole universe. You allow yourself to be perfectly human." And for me that is wonderful.
  2. @CutLabStudio-u8j6y [1 likes]: Your calm, philosophical pacing is perfect for short‑form. I’ve got an idea that keeps your tone intact — want it?
  3. @MrZenToad [1 likes]: The 'emptiness' Lao Tzu perceived on Earth does not exist. We live in a gas medium, which we can breathe and see through. This gas medium is so normal to us,we barely perceive it; yet we quickly die in the true vacuum of space.
  4. @mrnoblemonkey8401: I love Taoism :)
  5. @mohsenarjomandi6014: Can you make a video showing the influence of Tauism in husserl and specifically heudeger that would be amazing
  6. @mohsenarjomandi6014: The suggestion that empties our minds from thought and sees the world directly is also the insight of husserl in phenomenology
  7. @themindset-e4q: This is exactly what it means to get 1% better every day. We often overcomplicate success, but it always comes down to the daily systems we build, not just the massive goals we set. Thanks for breaking this down so simply
  8. @YogeshGosavi: tao-ist spends decade trying to reach state of emptiness. people born with aphantasia and SDAM are living this experience from day one.
  9. @EclecticEngineer604: ❤️🙏🏼
  10. @The_Blanch_One: Thank you for continuing to make these videos. I have watched many of them and still enjoy the soothing nature of them. I am not a hardcore follower of Taoism or Stoicism but small concepts like these from either philosophy have truly changed my life over the last year or so. Small changes in the right direction. ❤
  11. @KAREEM-uw2ml: ❤❤❤❤
  12. @spct123: The problem for me is those monks, taoist, they don have stresfull lives, maybe i am wrong. I feel like its to easy for them to talk.
  13. @drebugsita: Thought provoking but some accomplishments deserve being recognized and celebrated. We often have to work together to get things done, build infrastructure, heal and help one another, etc. I think the key is to keep a healthy perspective and not get our sense of self worth from that, but do nourish a sense of purpose beyond oneself
  14. @samchen139: In emptiness, I am experiencing the fullness of life.
  15. @Jomaxp: i dont agree if we stop to pursue knowlegde and hihger understandig we will simply go back to worrying about lowly everyday things we wont stop
  16. @ursulacook9883: The subject is emptiness - with new visual stimuli every few seconds.
 - ?
  17. @emitsienim: Great video
  18. @krantiidh: Einzelganger! I want to purchase your book. But as an Indian the exchange currency rate is simply too high :(
  19. @SupernovaOne: Have you moved to Singapore???
  20. @ootenyafoo6935: It's best to have never been.

- The Less You Care, The Happier You’ll Be | Taoist Wisdom For An Overly Serious World: Kind: captions Language: en A long time ago, Confucius and his students&nbsp; walked on a road to the kingdom of Wei. They&nbsp;&nbsp; stumbled upon a hermit at least a hundred years&nbsp; old. The man was gathering some grain that farmers&nbsp;&nbsp; had dropped and he was singing while doing so.&nbsp; One of the students, a young man named Tzu-Kung,&nbsp;&nbsp; was confused. He couldn’t comprehend why the&nbsp; old hermit was so happy, as he must have been&nbsp;&nbsp; very poor and alone, having to scour for harvest&nbsp; scraps. Tzu-Kung walked over to the hermit and&nbsp;&nbsp; showed compassion for his sad fate. But the old&nbsp; man smiled and said: “Why do you feel sorry for&nbsp;&nbsp; me? Am I that pathetic in your eyes?” “Well,&nbsp; sir,” Tzu-Kung said, “I assumed you didn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; work hard in your younger years and didn’t care&nbsp; about success and status. And so you couldn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; find a wife and have children to look after you.&nbsp; You’re all alone. How could you laugh and sing?”&nbsp; “Listen, young man,” the hermit said, “I laugh&nbsp; and sing because I feel happy! If I had worked&nbsp;&nbsp; hard in my younger years, competing with others,&nbsp; I wouldn’t have gotten so old and healthy. And&nbsp;&nbsp; not having a wife and children? That’s great.&nbsp; I don’t have to worry about their lives either.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s peaceful. Why shouldn’t I laugh and sing?” This story is from a Taoist scripture called&nbsp;&nbsp; Lieh Tzu. It shows a typical Taoist way of&nbsp; thinking, namely, that there’s always gain&nbsp;&nbsp; in what we perceive as loss. Even though the&nbsp; elderly man is not conventionally well-off,&nbsp;&nbsp; he is quite the archetypical “loser” in&nbsp; today’s language; he’s well aware of his&nbsp;&nbsp; many blessings in disguise. But for most people,&nbsp; it’s probably challenging to have this attitude.&nbsp;&nbsp; We’re easily swayed by societal standards&nbsp; and concerned with other people’s opinions.&nbsp; This is where Taoist philosophy becomes especially&nbsp; valuable. It contains the wisdom to worry less,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just about what other people&nbsp; think but about almost anything.&nbsp;&nbsp; Isn’t that something we need today? Just&nbsp; look around—distractions are everywhere,&nbsp;&nbsp; and times are changing rapidly. Life is stressful&nbsp; and demanding, with many suffering from burnout&nbsp;&nbsp; and depression and others on the verge. This video shares three insights from&nbsp;&nbsp; ancient Taoist sages to help you&nbsp; care less in an overly serious world. If you want to support Einzelgänger, consider&nbsp; joining my Patreon page, which allows access&nbsp;&nbsp; to ad-free videos and free merch. Thank&nbsp; you, and I hope you’ll enjoy this video. The Taoist sage Zhuangzi observed long ago&nbsp; how people are hung up on things like fame,&nbsp;&nbsp; wealth, and status. In his time, people pursued&nbsp; luxuries, such as expensive food and fine clothes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and traveled to far places to enjoy the sights.&nbsp; Today, we see nothing has changed. Moreover,&nbsp;&nbsp; our modern-day media constantly pressures&nbsp; us to live a high life. Our tendency to&nbsp;&nbsp; seek out that new, shiny thing, whether&nbsp; luxury or experience, is being exploited.&nbsp; The more lavish, the better. Society&nbsp; teaches us to have great careers,&nbsp;&nbsp; big houses, nice cars. We get raised under the&nbsp; imperative to be successful and, if possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthy. Material success, status, and&nbsp; achievement are the metrics by which&nbsp;&nbsp; we decide people’s worth. It’s what&nbsp; the world “honors,” argues Zhuangzi. “If they do not got these things,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are very sorrowful and go on&nbsp; to be troubled with fears,” he said. Once you commit yourself to pursuing all these&nbsp; celebrated external things, it seems to be never&nbsp;&nbsp; enough. Once you get a nice car, you will likely&nbsp; want a better one. Once you have your dream house,&nbsp;&nbsp; things get old quickly; the luxury no longer feels&nbsp; that special. The euphoric happiness generated by&nbsp;&nbsp; this once so-much-desired (but pricey) house&nbsp; fades into normalcy. But despite not feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; much happier in the long run, you still have&nbsp; to make your mortgage payments. Over time,&nbsp;&nbsp; you become trapped—a slave to your possessions. From Zhuangzi’s viewpoint, this is a stressful&nbsp;&nbsp; mode of living. People living like this wear&nbsp; themselves out. “This is a stupid way to treat&nbsp;&nbsp; the body,” he stated. And isn’t he correct,&nbsp; looking at the rates of burnout, anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; and depression in modern-day societies? In pursuit&nbsp; of riches, we are wearing ourselves out. In the&nbsp;&nbsp; quest for fame on social media, we’re exploiting&nbsp; ourselves. We’re doing it because we think it&nbsp;&nbsp; makes us happy. Many do it so other people hold&nbsp; them in high esteem. Others do it to belong,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they’re nothing more than cogs in the&nbsp; consumerist machine: a never-ending pursuit&nbsp;&nbsp; of stuff and fame that never satisfies,&nbsp; rarely leading to lasting happiness;&nbsp;&nbsp; something ancient Greek philosopher Epicurus&nbsp; also realized, as he saw many of the things we&nbsp;&nbsp; pursue nowadays as unnecessary and vain. At the same time, Zhuangzi observed that&nbsp;&nbsp; people look down on poverty, bad reputation, and&nbsp; what we’d call “irrelevance” today. Nobody wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to be a nobody. You don’t want to be a loser,&nbsp; do you? Losers are the modern-day untouchables.&nbsp;&nbsp; These people don’t have the finest clothes,&nbsp; don’t eat oysters and caviar, and don’t get&nbsp;&nbsp; to see the many fabulous sights of the world.&nbsp; They are to be met with contempt and avoidance.&nbsp; But Zhuangzi said we can’t judge right&nbsp; and wrong by the world’s standards. He&nbsp; proposes “doing nothing,” as doing&nbsp; nothing leads to perfect enjoyment. “Heaven does nothing, and&nbsp; thence comes its serenity;&nbsp;&nbsp; Earth does nothing, and thence&nbsp; comes its rest,” he stated. We could ask ourselves: do all these external&nbsp; things truly make us happy? Or can happiness be&nbsp;&nbsp; found in the simplest things? Isn’t the mere&nbsp; cessation of trying to pursue happiness when&nbsp;&nbsp; happiness arises? The reason we’re unhappy seems&nbsp; to be that we try too hard to be happy. And we&nbsp;&nbsp; do so following a dead-end path. How about&nbsp; we stop striving and let enjoyment unfold? Our achievement society scares us into&nbsp; being useful, self-exploiting members&nbsp;&nbsp; of the capitalist system. We’re expected to be&nbsp; good for “something” to participate in the rat&nbsp;&nbsp; race and to be successful in what we do so we can&nbsp; respect ourselves and gain the respect of others.&nbsp; From the Taoist point of view, we’re all playing&nbsp; a silly game. We adopt specific beliefs, mark&nbsp;&nbsp; them as the truth, and act accordingly, taking&nbsp; it all very seriously. Hence, we care greatly&nbsp;&nbsp; about walking in line and what people think about&nbsp; us. People generally fear being disliked and seen&nbsp;&nbsp; as odd, worthless, or inadequate, whatever&nbsp; that means. Most people spend their lives&nbsp;&nbsp; conforming to what society values: having many&nbsp; friends, having a good job, starting a family,&nbsp;&nbsp; and being a useful member of society: “I’m&nbsp; a hard-working, god-fearing, freedom-loving&nbsp;&nbsp; American. And I’m proud of it!” Of course,&nbsp; if you earned your rank in the game, there’s&nbsp;&nbsp; no shame in looking down on those we didn’t. But as Zhuangzi said, we can’t judge right and&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong by the world’s standards. The majority may&nbsp; agree on something, but that doesn’t mean it’s a&nbsp;&nbsp; universal truth. Taoist sages generally love&nbsp; crushing conventional beliefs. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; suppose everyone thinks that being ‘unambitious’&nbsp; is bad. As Zhuangzi might argue, because of this,&nbsp;&nbsp; people fret greatly about not being seen&nbsp; as unambitious. So, they chase promotions,&nbsp;&nbsp; flaunt their career ambitions, and spend&nbsp; hours discussing their new roles and future&nbsp;&nbsp; plans—just to prove to others that they’re&nbsp; driven and worthy of admiration. People who&nbsp;&nbsp; lack such aspirations are generally frowned&nbsp; upon. And for many, that’s frightening.&nbsp; But the Taoist sages challenge us to look&nbsp; beyond societal conditioning. In this case,&nbsp;&nbsp; we could ask ourselves: Is being unambitious&nbsp; truly bad? Is following your ambition really&nbsp;&nbsp; worth the daily stress? What if we choose&nbsp; not to be ambitious—or even refuse to be cogs&nbsp;&nbsp; in the machine? How about we become like the&nbsp; elderly hermit, turning our backs on societal&nbsp;&nbsp; expectations? Would we be worse off or not? What comes to mind is the story of the useless&nbsp;&nbsp; tree, one of the most profound parables that&nbsp; turns the world upside down in a Taoist fashion.&nbsp; Carpenter Shih and his apprentice&nbsp; once passed a massive oak standing by&nbsp;&nbsp; the village shrine. The oak’s branches could&nbsp; easily shelter hundreds of oxen during rainfall.&nbsp;&nbsp; Around the oak gathered dozens of people, amazed&nbsp; by its size and beauty. The apprentice said:&nbsp; “Wow, I’ve never seen such a beautiful tree. But&nbsp; you don’t even care to look at it. Why is that?”&nbsp;&nbsp; “Are you kidding me?” said the carpenter.&nbsp; “This tree is worthless! Can’t you see how&nbsp;&nbsp; crooked it is? Make boats of it, and they’ll&nbsp; sink; make closets or doors, and they’ll rot&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly! It’s useless!” That night, the carpenter&nbsp;&nbsp; dreamed the crooked tree spoke to him. “Listen, buddy,” the tree said. “I heard you talk.&nbsp;&nbsp; You think I’m worthless, not good for anything.&nbsp; And that’s true to an extent. Just look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; apple and orange trees. They’re useful. They bring&nbsp; about fruits, which is why people love them. But&nbsp;&nbsp; look at their existence. They’re being exploited.&nbsp; When their fruits are ripe, they’re subjected to&nbsp;&nbsp; abuse. Their big branches are broken off; they’re&nbsp; pulled and jerked around. And when they don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; produce anymore, they’re cut down. Do you see&nbsp; how their utility makes their lives miserable?&nbsp;&nbsp; They can’t even live out the full years Heaven&nbsp; intended for them. I, on the other hand, am of no&nbsp;&nbsp; use. And being useless turned out to be of great&nbsp; use to me. If I had been useful, would I’ve grown&nbsp;&nbsp; this big? I owe my long life to being useless.” As we see in the story, uselessness, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; generally seen as a bad trait (especially&nbsp; in our achievement society), was a benefit&nbsp;&nbsp; for the tree. It reminds us of the old hermit&nbsp; whose unfortunate life, by societal standards,&nbsp;&nbsp; hid a blessing in disguise. There’s always&nbsp; some gain in loss. The trick is to discover it. Pei-kung-tzu and Hsi-men-tzu, long-separated&nbsp; friends, met again one day. Pei-kung-tzu was&nbsp;&nbsp; astonished at how different their lives&nbsp; turned out. His old friend became wealthy,&nbsp;&nbsp; successful, and respected,&nbsp; but he turned out very poor,&nbsp;&nbsp; and most people didn’t like or trust him. Pei-kung-tzu complained, and I quote: “When we both took office in&nbsp; government, you were promoted,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was dismissed. When we both farmed,&nbsp; even the earth cooperated with you and not&nbsp;&nbsp; with me. When we traded together, you made&nbsp; profits and I lost. This is really unfair!” End quote. He continued complaining about&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing old clothing, eating food usually&nbsp; given to pigs, living in a broken shack,&nbsp;&nbsp; and being unable to afford a cart. In contrast,&nbsp; his old friend ate the best foods, lived in a&nbsp;&nbsp; giant mansion, and traveled in a luxury vehicle.&nbsp; Didn’t they both have the same background and&nbsp;&nbsp; education? Why did their fates deviate so much? When Pei-kung-tzu confronted his old friend with&nbsp;&nbsp; this perceived unfairness, Hsi-men-tzu exploded,&nbsp; telling him that his success in life stems from&nbsp;&nbsp; being more virtuous and, therefore, more worthy&nbsp; in the eyes of others. Of course, Pei-kung-tzu&nbsp;&nbsp; felt depressed after this slap in the face and&nbsp; sought consolation from the village sage. The sage&nbsp;&nbsp; asked why Hsi-men-tzu insulted his old friend, who&nbsp; explained that Pei-kung-tzu simply couldn’t stand&nbsp;&nbsp; that he was less worthy than himself. But the sage&nbsp; corrected him, explaining that worthiness cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; be measured by social or political success.&nbsp; He had simply more luck in life. I quote: “You are successful in society not because you are&nbsp; particularly wise or virtuous but because you have&nbsp;&nbsp; luck in everything you do. On the other hand,&nbsp; Pei-kung-tzu’s failure to be recognized is not&nbsp;&nbsp; due to stupidity or lack of virtue. It’s because&nbsp; he does not have luck in everything he does.” When Pei-kung-tzu&nbsp;&nbsp; heard what the sage said to his old friend,&nbsp; he felt OK with his situation. He no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; let his lack of luck be a reason for unhappiness. The story shows us that embracing fate and finding&nbsp;&nbsp; contentment, whether rich or poor, successful or&nbsp; not, leads to inner peace. We often can’t do much&nbsp;&nbsp; about how things work out around us, but&nbsp; we can cultivate our attitudes toward these&nbsp;&nbsp; things. Usually, our best bet is to let things go&nbsp; their natural course and focus on how we navigate&nbsp;&nbsp; through them instead of trying to control them. Is there a more relaxing attitude in a fast-paced,&nbsp;&nbsp; stressful world than letting all these attachments&nbsp; and must-haves slide and take life however it&nbsp;&nbsp; comes? Who’s more successful? The wealthy&nbsp; person waking up dissatisfied every morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; always chasing more? Or the poor, waking up&nbsp; content, happy with whatever the Heavens give him? Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hathư-n9h2x [1 likes]: Caring less really does bring peace!
  2. @allardvanderstarre [1 likes]: it's ok to be aloser, nobody cares anyways
  3. @PsychostoicMind [1 likes]: Letting go really does feel freeing.
  4. @allardvanderstarre [1 likes]: it is perfect to be a loser; nobody bothers yu i guess....living like a 80 year old i guess
  5. @StoicHabitLab [1 likes]: Caring less can really lighten life.
  6. @clintonspiteri2509 [1 likes]: Thanks
  7. @allardvanderstarre [1 likes]: its ok to be aloser, yu dont need to do anything
  8. @StoicHabitLab [1 likes]: Caring less really does bring relief
  9. @StoicMentalClarity-Us: Caring less sounds refreshing!
  10. @StoicMindsetLab-US: Less stress sounds amazing right now
  11. @StoicPowerMethod: Caring less really does bring peace
  12. @sydneyvalette: A bit contradictory to say that the rich man was just lucky when you say that the pursuit of wealth was making you unhappy
  13. @ham632: It's so difficult to let go of all the things you were indoctrinated to aim for.
  14. @chriswilliams2019: I understand and I was with it until uselessness was encourage I can’t be useless and don’t want anything that useless but I truly understand
  15. @VeilbreakerHistory: Thank for not having any background music.
  16. @tmbm-hs5gn: Sementzu was rite
  17. @SencillaMentee: really good content.
  18. @kraftuber: 🧘🏻
  19. @gjytmusic8259: Try that
  20. @andimarinescu9016: It's been one year since your release of this video. Still relevant. I can not join you or help you, but I enjoy the work you put in.

- Reasons Not to Worry What Others Think: Kind: captions Language: en You have no responsibility to live up to what other people think you ought to accomplish. I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be. It’s their mistake, not my failing. It’s generally a good idea to care about other people’s opinions to some degree, as they could contain some worthwhile insight. But focusing on them too much to the point that we spend hours and hours dwelling on what people might think can leave us in agony. It’s not only potentially harmful but also unnecessary. This video explains why based on several concepts from psychology and philosophy. (1) You’re giving away your power. The moment we let our joy depend on the validation by other people, we give away the power over our emotional states. With this attitude, it feels exhilarating when people fancy us. But when they don’t, we become sad and angry. Especially now, in the age of social media, many have made other people’s approval their focal point in life. Positive attention, then, becomes a requirement for happiness, which entirely depends on the whims of those we try to impress. It can even become an addiction. Many of the people that we try to impress we don’t even know. Moreover, many of them have ever-changing opinions, often without substance, or are downright ignorant. So why would we waste our time trying to make them like us? Chances are, we don’t even like them? Stoic philosopher Seneca said about this, and I quote: How mad is he who leaves the lecture-room in a happy frame of mind simply because of applause from the ignorant! Why do you take pleasure in being praised by men whom you yourself cannot praise? (2) It’s beyond your control. The problem with worry is that our minds try to control the uncontrollable. People’s opinions are ultimately not up to us, so there isn’t much we can do to stop them from disliking us. Now, this doesn’t mean that we cannot influence what other people think. As a variation to the dichotomy of control (a concept from Stoicism), professor of philosophy and author William B. Irvine proposed the trichotomy of control. The dichotomy of control as presented by Epictetus makes a distinction between the things that are within our control and things that aren’t. The trichotomy of control, however, offers three categories: Things over which we have complete control. Things over which we have no control at all. And things over which we have some but not complete control. Opinions of other people fall into the second and third categories. In some cases, there’s nothing we can do about what others think. For example, we cannot change what someone said to us in the past, and we cannot change our parents’ disapproval of us when they’re dead. But we can influence people in the present by our words and actions. But even though our behavior could be incredibly influential, the results are still not up to us. Therefore, worrying about what’s happening in the brains of others is futile, and we’re better off focusing on our own actions. (3) It’s a reflection of them - not you. Often, how people react to us directly reflects themselves and how they feel. When we incur hostility, indifference, or sadness, as a response to our actions or even to our very presence, it may not always be personal. Moreover, these people could be expressing parts of their unconscious without realizing it. Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung called this phenomenon ‘projection’. Jung believed that people tend to repress unwanted aspects of themselves into the unconscious parts of the mind, which form, what he called, the Shadow. A consequence is that we unconsciously recognize in others what we recognize in ourselves. As we dislike in others what we dislike in ourselves, an adverse emotional reaction follows. Psychology Today describes projection as follows, Unconscious discomfort can lead people to attribute unacceptable feelings or impulses to someone else to avoid confronting them. Projection allows the difficult trait to be addressed without the individual fully recognizing it in themselves. End quote. Jung stated that projections change the world into a replica of one’s unknown face. We all see the world through a unique lens, and the unconscious plays a significant role in how we relate to our environment. Knowing this, we can put the opinions of other people into perspective. (4) You’re not the center of the universe. When we try to imagine the vastness of the universe, we begin to understand the insignificance of ourselves. We may experience ourselves as the center of it all because we see it exclusively through our eyes, but most would agree that we are not. But, of course, we never know. Solipsism is the idea that only one’s mind is sure to exist, as we cannot prove that the external world (including the minds of others) is real. To this day, one cannot experience the existence of other minds than one’s own. If your mind is indeed the only mind in existence, other people’s opinions are nothing but illusions. Thus, nothing to make a fuss about, as they aren’t real. But even though solipsism could be the reality, there seems to be a consensus that other minds do exist. If the latter is the case, then other people’s opinions are indeed real. But if all people have minds comparable to our own and are as immersed in their troubles as we are, then they’re probably not thinking about us as much as we’d believe. Moreover, most people are so busy concerning themselves with what others think of them that they don’t have time to take a good look at the very people they try to impress. In the grand scheme of things, opinions are incredibly brief and erratic, and our mistakes are quickly forgotten, along with all the times we’ve impressed someone. As Marcus Aurelius stated: “So many who were remembered already forgotten, and those who remembered them long gone.” (5) It destroys authenticity. Care too much about what others think, and you’ll turn into a sheep anxiously following the rest of the flock. If you do as other people want you to do, you’ll be living according to their expectations and ideals. German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche despised the herd mentality that many people carry. He makes a distinction between the Herren- und Sklavenmoral, meaning the master and slave morality. Those at the top are the strong-willed who create values and rules. The many at the bottom, the herd, follow but oppose their oppressors at the same time. But instead of rising to the top, those with a slave morality want others to be at their level, namely, among the other obedient, mediocre, and uniform members of the herd. Once part of the mass, they expect you to be just like them. If you stand out, the herd sees you as evil. If you act in conflict with conventions, you may even be considered dangerous, as people usually fear what’s strange and unknown. Within the pack, conformity is a virtue, and authenticity is a threat. Nietzsche urges his readers to be neither a master nor a slave but transcend this system altogether and become an authentic, self-actualized person. One can only accomplish greatness if one ignores the opinions of the herd and their pre-determined virtues and unapologetically forges one’s own path. (6) Life is too short. A survey of 2,000 British adults called the National Worry Audit revealed that, on average, people in Britain spend about 6,5 years of their lives worrying. Many of these worries concern, directly or indirectly, the opinions of other people. An example. On a daily basis, 28% percent of Brits worry about their appearance, 21% worry about what to wear, and 17% about body odor. The average life expectancy of the British is currently 81 years old, which means that they spend 8 percent of their lives worrying. If they’d simply stop worrying about other people, then they’d have about two additional years to enjoy life or to do something useful. But still, even though 81 years seems quite long, it’s only a fraction of time compared to humanity as a whole, let alone planet Earth. Moreover, many die young, as human life is fragile and can be taken away in the blink of an eye—what a waste of energy to spend this short and vulnerable existence wondering So, the fickleness and shortness of life can be a potent reminder to eliminate this destructive habit. As Seneca wrote: You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, though all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last. You have all the fears of mortals and all the desires of immortals. (7) You know yourself best. Even though other people can give you valuable outside perspectives concerning your behavior, the person most knowledgeable about you is you. No matter how close we get to each other, our minds remain a private space and often don’t fully resemble what we show to the world. Carl Jung’s model of the psyche differentiates several parts: the persona, the ego, the self, the shadow, and the animus or anima. Of these aspects, the persona is what we show to the world, which is just a thin layer of the self. Or, as Jung put it: “a kind of mask, designed on the one hand to make a definite impression upon others, and on the other to conceal the true nature of the individual.” Some people can be pretty intuitive and see through the cracks of our masks; moreover, they can notice behaviors about us that we aren’t even aware of. But they can never be sure about our true motives, secrets, and hidden personality traits because these are reserved for ourselves only. So, people’s thoughts about us based on what they perceive often don’t align with reality. Therefore, the feedback we get from others can be helpful, but the truth ultimately hides within ourselves. Deep inside, we know what we want, and the more we stay true to that, the more authentic we become, and the less we conform to what other people want us to be. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @miaholberg7221 [2 likes]: Awesome video dude but holy shit 10:38 scared tf out of me 😭😭😭
  2. @LiamCarr115: I'm leaving this comment here to remind myself that  l'm in control of my life.
  3. @StoicPowerMethod: Let go of what others think!
  4. @icantchooseaname6903: Thank you
  5. @mandalorianjedi2288: I don’t worry if people like me. People should be worrying if I like THEM!! 😂😂😂
  6. @VictorNoriegaGarcia: I'm in my 20s right now and I am so glad I Found this video
  7. @StoicSoulForge-US: Stop caring what others think!
  8. @yusufsevimli917: I am gonna tell my story. Today my friend (not love just dude) she is doing squats to improve her hips and i was sitting on chair. And i was behind her. People thought i am looked her ass (and she thought too) But looked otherside my head because i grew up religious family and they taught me to don't look girls special body parts. It reflected me and I just looked otherside. All my friends group made me cold. Many people thinking i am bad guy. I don't care what they thought but most bad one is i really feel embarrassed. If i make a joke in this situation i can prevent the bad situation but sadly i was quiet. And it is showed me pervert. That's all. I hope so this video will contribute me some experience
  9. @alayoubyfadwaa: Caring about what other people think is the dumbest shit I've ever heard of
  10. @Mstaltuki123: I dont want to be anyone else.Thank God I have myself.. ❤❤❤
  11. @Rozeroze-y8x: Sigh yh I really don’t know why i am like this, i wish I wasn’t but i am. Even when I don’t like someone I still care about what they think of me and even the smallest bit of validation can make me extremely happy.. it sucks.
  12. @Jerry-fy1iu: it's hard especially when it's someone close or the people you see everyday like your classmates or coworkers
  13. @Skipbo000: except se4x offenders
  14. @luisduron2722: Ok
  15. @luisduron2722: 2,000,000
  16. @Chris-w7e: I don't care what others want me to do.
  17. @RutabegaFarmer: I don't even know why I need people to like me at this point. It's just so ingrained into my brain that it's an instinctual response :(
  18. @Pro-w7q8q: 5:29 laughs in plurality
  19. @stoicmodebegin: I must think, i must try
  20. @77hzf: It’s not ur job to

- The Art Of Effortless Action: Kind: captions Language: en W way this is one of the most profound and often misunderstood Concepts in dosm it is commonly translated as non-action or effortless action but this doesn't mean doing nothing or being passive instead W is about acting in perfect harmony with the natural flow of life without unnecessary force or resistance it emphasizes being present and responding to situations as they come rather than rigidly imposing one's will imagine rowing a boat Downstream if you row against the current Force you struggle and exhaust yourself if you completely stop rowing showing passivity you might drift aimlessly or crash but if you steer skillfully with the current woo way you move efficiently without unnecessary effort the main idea is effortless productivity happens when you work with and not against your natural energy and Rhythm the concept of woo way dates back over 2,000 years to early Chinese thought it became a central tenant of Daoism the philosophical tradition founded by the sage laa L's very name means old master and he is traditionally credited as the author of The Da Ching a slim poetic text that became the foundation of DST philosophy according to ancient sources he lived around the 6th Century BCE as a scholar in the Royal Joe Court disillusioned with the corruption and Chaos of his time the old sage decided to leave civilization behind one popular story says that as loty journeyed Westward on a water buffalo he was stopped at the border by a guard who recognized him the guard begged ly to record his wisdom before he vanished Into the Wilderness ly then composed a short book of about about 5,000 characters divided into two sections explaining the Dao the way and its virtue this book became known as the TA chin classic of the way and virtue it is in this text that the principle of Woe Is repeatedly emphasized L Zoo urged rulers and individuals alike to practice Wu to act without action so that life and Society could return to a state of balance and peace in essence ly's message was that by quieting our ego-driven striving and not interfering with the natural course of things we allow the world's inherent Harmony to emerge after lousy the concept of Woe continued to evolve through the teachings of other taist sages by the 4th century B.C the philosopher schwang expanded on these ideas in his own writings the Schwan where Lau spoke in brief poetic verses chanzi used playful anecdotes and Parables to convey the WOAY mindset one famous Parable in the truni is the story of cook ding a humble butcher whose effortless skill in carving oxen amazed everyone in Chu's tale cook ding is preparing an ox for his Lord instead of hacking and struggling he moves with danike Grace guiding his knife along the animals natural joints the ox falls apart with astonishing ease Lord when we his master exclaims in Wonder at the butcher skill but cook ding explains that what he practices is far more than technique it is harmony with the da what I care about is the way which goes beyond skill he says he describes how he learned to stop seeing with his ordinary eyes and let his spirit guide the blade rather than forcing the knife he goes along with the natural makeup of the ox and follows things as they are sliding through the open spaces between the joint point I never touch the smallest ligament or tendon he says and as a result his blade never dulls even after 19 years of use this story beautifully illustrates wooe cook ding achieves perfect results by not trying to impose his will on the meat he lets the knife find its way through the path of least resistance in doing so he expends no unnecessary effort and even preserves the longevity of his tool taist lore is Rich with such examples there are stories of Artisans and sages who achieve extra orary Feats by entering a state of wooe where their intentions and the natural patterns of the world become one another well-known anecdote is that of a master woodcarver as to create a magnificent Bell stand instead of trying anxiously to display his skill he first fasts for days to clear his mind of any ambition or worry only when he is in harmony with himself does he go into the forest to find the right tree when the wood carver finally picks up his tools he sees the perfect Bell stand already inherent in the woods grain he simply carves along the lines that nature has laid out the finished work is so beautiful that people think it must have been made by spirits but the Craftsman humbly credits woe for the result in each of these Tales the message is the same when we get out of our own way the Dao the Natural Way carries us and amazing results occur without strain yuu uses these engaging narratives to show that Wu is practical and Alive it can guide everything from how we handle everyday tasks to how we Face Life's greatest dangers I personally believe truth is universal and can be seen in different forms the principle of WOAY is shown in Hinduism Buddhism and even Christianity in Hindu philosophy particularly in the Bhagavad Gita a key teaching is action without attachment to the outcome which closely mirrors Wu in the Gita Krishna advises Arjuna to act in battle without being obsessed with success or failure this is called nishkama karma selfless action the upanishads describe the ultimate wisdom as aligning one's will with the cosmic order Dharma this resembles how daoists align with the da in Christianity Christian Mystics like Meister ehar and St John of the Cross spoke about letting go of the ego and trusting Divine will instead of striving for control the idea of Letting Go and letting God aligns with Wu where effortless trust in the divine order leads to a deeper sense of Peace in the Bible Jesus often speaks in Parables about faith surrender and patience in conclusion in this Human Experience rather than pushing straining or overthinking we should learn to act in harmony with the situation at hand the result taism promises is a life of rce and Effectiveness where we do less but accomplish more

  Top Comments:
  1. @CaptainChard [4 likes]: It was easiest to click on the first video presented to me, and in this way, I followed the Dao so that I could learn about the Dao
  2. @MG-ge5xq [3 likes]: Dao is not about talking fast. Dao is about skillful talking! 🙂
And please do not translate Dao with Way. Let Dao be Dao and you will get to understand it.
Anyway, nice video. Thank you!
  3. @theCommentDevil [1 likes]: Go with the flow
  4. @stephenkrus: Good shit bro! 💎✨👌
  5. @DjRjSolarStar: Only that which is balanced is eternal, all imbalance will eventually be remediated, hence gaining its finitude.
  6. @999meate: Wu Wei😌❤️✨
  7. @k1g6dzx: OH MY GOD whats the songs name??!!?? Please telll

- The Art of Effortless Action: Kind: captions Language: en There are moments when life seems to get worse the harder you push. You force a conversation and it becomes awkward. You overmanage a project and the team gets stiff. You try so hard to fall asleep that you stay awake even longer. That tension is where this old dowist idea begins. Maybe the problem is not that you care too little. Maybe it is that you are adding too much force. In classical Dowist thought, wooi is often translated as non-action, but that phrase can mislead modern ears. The idea is closer to action that does not fight the natural course of things or what many modern writers call effortless action. So, woe does not mean laziness. It does not mean never acting. It means acting without the extra layer of strain, ego, and needless interference. One of the best explanations does not come as a definition. It comes as a story. In the Dwang Sea, a cook named Ding is cutting an ox before a ruler. But he does not look tense. He moves with rhythm. His knife glides. The ruler is amazed. Then the cook explains the secret. At first, he saw the whole ox and had to force his way through it. But after years of practice, he stopped attacking the animal as a solid block. He began to sense the spaces already there. He followed the natural openings. He moved carefully when the work became difficult. Because he did not hack against the grain, his blade stayed sharp for years. The point is not butchery. The point is alignment. That is wooue. Not passivity, not drifting, not whatever happens happens. Wooue is what it looks like when action stops being a wrestling match with reality. The Dowist texts keep circling this idea. Less forcing, less interference, better timing. Even water becomes a model. It adapts, it nourishes, and it does not need to strain in order to be powerful. So the real question is not just should I act. It is, am I moving with the shape of this situation or am I trying to overpower it? Imagine you're leading a team presentation. You rewrite everyone's slides. You interrupt every rehearsal. You correct every sentence. By the end, the room is full of tension and the work loses its life. A wooue approach would not be doing nothing. You would still prepare. You would still guide. But instead of gripping every detail, you would notice where the team already has momentum. Where a small adjustment works better than total control, and where your own anxiety is creating extra friction. In modern life, wooui often looks like this. Fewer unnecessary moves, better timing, more trust, cleaner attention. Here is a simple way to try it. The next time something feels stuck, pause and ask, "What am I forcing right now?" Then remove just one layer of force. Not all effort, just the wasted effort. Maybe that means speaking less in an argument. Maybe it means stopping before one more unnecessary email. Maybe it means letting a plan breathe long enough to show you its natural shape. Wooi is not doing less because life does not matter. It is doing less of what makes life harder than it already is. And sometimes that is when the right action finally appears.

- The Art of Effortless Action | Wu Wei Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever felt [music] that the more you try to hold on to life, the faster it slips away? It almost feels [music] unfair. The harder you chase peace, the more it runs from you. We're constantly told to hustle, to push harder, to never rest, as if life were a race that only [music] the exhausted can win. But what if real strength comes not from forcing things, but from flowing with them? What if the secret isn't to push the river, but to move with its current? The tow calls this wooi, the art [music] of effortless action. A philosophy as old as the wind, yet as modern as our anxiety. Because let's be honest, most of our suffering comes from trying to control what was never ours. We try to [music] fix people, shape outcomes, even bend time itself. And the result, exhaustion, frustration, and the feeling of always being [music] almost there. But there is another way. lighter, wiser, and infinitely calmer. A way where action and rest coexist, where doing flows [music] naturally from being. Maybe the secret isn't doing more, but doing with less resistance. And when [music] you finally understand that the world seems to move in sync with you, that's where the real art of wooi begins. The power to act [music] without fighting against your own nature. The tow isn't something you can explain. It's something you feel. It's the silent rhythm that moves everything without needing to be seen. It's in the way the wind bends the trees, in the timing [music] of the waves, even in the simple act of breathing. When someone tries to control life too tightly, it's like blowing [music] against the wind. All effort, no progress. The secret is to sense the natural order that's already at work beyond our will. Think of a river. It doesn't argue with the mountain. It simply flows [music] around it. The towel works the same way, invisible but present in every movement of life. [music] When you swim against it, you feel the strain and the frustration of resistance. But once you learn to flow, [music] things begin to align effortlessly. It's as if life itself stops pushing back. And when you start [music] noticing this invisible path, a strange feeling appears. Humility [music] mixed with awe. You realize there's something greater guiding everything. And as that awareness [music] grows, your obsession with control starts to fade. Maybe the problem was never the world. [music] But our stubbornness to command what was never ours. That's where [music] the real learning begins. Understanding the cost of forcing what was meant to flow. We live in an [music] age that glorifies urgency. Instant answers, instant success, instant connection. People confuse movement with progress and think that if they're not pushing hard enough, they're falling behind. But forcing is the new form of suffering. It's like trying to push a river faster. The only thing that moves is your exhaustion. Maybe that's why [music] so many feel drained even when they're doing everything right. They force relationships [music] that need silence, push productivity out of tired bodies, and demand creativity from burned out minds. That's the paradox [music] of our times. The harder we try to control, the more life slips away. There's a huge difference [music] between acting with purpose and acting out of fear. One grows from trust. The other grows from [music] anxiety. The tow teaches that nature isn't about doing nothing. It's about [music] flowing. Just like a river doesn't need to push its banks to keep moving. You don't need to prove your worth to deserve peace. When effort turns [music] into resistance disguised as ambition, we lose our lightness. The irony is when you finally relax, things tend [music] to fall into place more precisely. And that's where the next lesson begins. The body already knows what to do when the mind learns to get out of the way. There's a [music] quiet intelligence inside every person. A wisdom the body knows, but the mind keeps interrupting. When someone enters a state of flow, there's no strain, [music] only presence. It's like watching a musician close their eyes and let the melody guide their hands. or an athlete move with perfect timing without overthinking. The body knows the way when the mind stops [music] shouting directions. The old master cooking once said he never cut the meat. He simply followed the spaces between the joints. That image says everything. True mastery comes from sensitivity, not strength. The same applies [music] to life. When you work, create or love from that state of awareness. Everything flows [music] as if the universe itself were cooperating. That's wi acting without forcing, doing without [music] trying to control the outcome. This wisdom isn't mystical. It's natural. It shows up when you trust your intuition. When you act [music] calmly even in uncertainty. When control fades, clarity appears. When noise stops, direction emerges. And maybe that's where many people stumble. The ego hates silence. But silence is where real power begins. the kind [music] that comes from within, not from tension. And that silence has a name, the fasting of the heart. There's [music] an old story where Confucious teaches his disciple Yen Hui about the fasting of the heart. Yen Hui wanted to fix the world, correct others, prove his ideas. But Confucious [music] stopped him and said, "Before you speak, empty your heart. That's the essence of wooi. Wisdom that arises when the ego goes [music] quiet. You can't hear the wind if your mind never stops talking. In today's world, [music] the ego wears many masks. It wants to be right, to be seen, to win the argument. But the more [music] you try to prove something, the further you drift from truth. It's like trying to push someone into calm. The harder [music] you push, the more they resist. Sometimes the most powerful message comes from silence. When you speak from inner [music] stillness, people don't just hear your words, they feel your presence. Silencing the ego isn't about losing your identity, but creating space [music] for something deeper to act through you. It's allowing clarity to replace control. Like water, transparent, [music] adaptable, and quiet that conquers everything without competing. When the heart becomes empty, it becomes unstoppable. And when that silence finally arrives, life begins to flow again. That's when you learn what it truly means to dance with the river instead of [music] trying to command it. Life is like a river. Sometimes calm, sometimes wild, but always moving. Many people fight against the current, cling to branches, or refuse to let [music] go of the shore. And that's exactly where suffering begins. The river doesn't stop for the rocks. It flows around them. The same is [music] true for us. Those who learn to flow move forward not by force but by trust. A [music] skilled swimmer doesn't fight the water, they move with it. In life, that means accepting what comes and releasing [music] what goes. Is not giving up. It's wisdom. When we stop resisting what already is, peace appears. That's when many people realize that serenity doesn't [music] come from success, but from surrender. Forcing is swimming against yourself. Flowing is [music] finally learning to breathe. And the paradox, the more you trust the natural rhythm of life, the more life rewards you. What once took effort now happens with ease. The right people [music] appear, ideas flow, time aligns. That's what it means to live in [music] rhythm with the universe. Wouei isn't about doing less. It's about [music] doing with awareness. And when that dance begins, everything heavy turns into part of the current. So tell me, how many [music] times have you tried to control everything only to end up lost in the process? How many [music] nights have you planned every detail only to watch life laugh at your plans? Maybe it's not bad luck. Maybe it's the towel reminding you that flowing is wiser than [music] forcing. The question is, will you keep fighting the current or finally learn to dance with it? Try [music] this just for a day. Practice wooi in the small things. Don't rush conversations. Don't force ideas. Don't fight the rhythm of the moment. Watch [music] how the world responds when you stop controlling. It's in that space of ease that life shows its quiet intelligence. And those who understand that discover the most subtle power of all, effort without strain. If this video made you think, share it with someone who's been trying [music] to control the uncontrollable. And if you want to keep learning how to live in harmony with the flow of life, subscribe, turn on notifications, and keep walking with me into the inner verse.

- How Can Doing Nothing Be So Powerful?: Kind: captions Language: en That which offers no resistance conquers the hardest things. That which offers no resistance can penetrate where there is no space. Few in the world are capable of understanding the teaching without words or comprehending the value of non-action. Lasu there is no proof that he actually lived but if he did he probably existed somewhere between the 6th and 4th centuries B.CE. making him a contemporary of Confucious. Nevertheless, the Chinese philosopher Lau wrote a masterpiece called the Tao Ting, which is the principal work of Taoism. A well-known concept that emerged from Tauist philosophy is woe, which can be translated as non-action, effortless action, or paradoxical action. In practical terms, we can describe wooue as a state of flow that athletes often call the zone. When athletes are in the zone, they act without tension and move through time and space almost effortlessly. There are no extremes, no anxieties, no overthinking. Everything seems to flow in its natural way. As an introduction to the beautiful tradition of Taoism, I would like to present to you the philosophy of blow. The Tao Téqing is a mysterious work of art. There is no consensus on when exactly it was written, and the existence of its author remains questionable. Nevertheless, one thing is indisputable. The depth of this work has left a mark on human history and continues to influence us to this day. Not to mention that the tao tqing is the most translated work in world literature after the bible. The essence of tauist philosophy lies in living in harmony with the toao also called the way. So what is the toao? This is a question we cannot answer precisely and trying to do so is useless. Our understanding of the toao is limited by the boundaries of our perception. What is the towel really? How does it look, feel, smell, or sound? This remains a mystery. Moreover, the tow we speak of is not the true towo according to Lasu. Hence, the famous beginning of the Tao Ting. The Tao that can be described is not the eternal Tao. The name that can be named is not the eternal name. So what is known about the toao? Tauist philosophers repeatedly emphasize that the true toao is a universal force that lies beyond our understanding and cannot be perceived by the senses. And although we can never fully comprehend the true toao the goal is to live in accordance with it which is remarkably similar to the stoic approach to nature. How do we live in harmony with the way? Tauist literature does not offer one specific practical method for this. However, we can find many clues pointing to achieving peace of mind, restraining emotions, humility, and ceasing striving in order to open ourselves to the action of the universe. This peace of mind does not necessarily mean that we sit somewhere with our eyes closed. Tauists note that peace of mind can be combined with action. If we are fully present in the present moment, our actions will happen effortlessly without resistance and with exceptional focus. So much so that it is almost ecstatic. In the tauist works, there's a story about a cook named Ding who engages in his work while in a state of blow. This caught the attention of Lord Hugh, who was amazed at how gracefully the cook butchered the ox. The cook explained his mastery. When I first began butchering oxen, I saw only the ox before me. After 3 years, I no longer saw the whole ox. And now I act with spirit and do not look with my eyes. Perception and understanding have stopped and the spirit moves where it wants. I follow natural structures, cut along large cavities, guide the knife through large openings, following how everything is arranged. Therefore, I never touch even the smallest ligaments or tendons, let alone the main joints. An important part of this story is the condition of the knife the cook uses. He said that good cooks change knives every year because they cut and mediocre cooks change them every month because they chop. However, Cook Ding had used the same knife for 19 years because he applied it with skill and finesse. This story relates to another key teaching of Tauism, the power of softness. By applying force and straining, we can complete a task, but we spend more energy than necessary and risk collateral damage. On the other hand, a person in a state of flow approaches a task wisely, knowing when to act and when to refrain from action. This is not too strong and not too weak an approach. It's the golden mean between anxiety and boredom. The idea of non-action contradicts the western ideal of forcing and ever more persistent work to achieve results. We are encouraged to be ambitious. But in our relentless pursuit, don't we burn ourselves out. We look down on passivity and often confuse it with laziness. But these are different things. When we look at nature, doing nothing turns out to be much more logical than we think. Results do not equal the amount of energy spent. Many of these actions occur naturally and tasks do not require more human intervention than is needed for gentle guidance in the right direction. Isn't it true that many problems resolve themselves? Towoism compares life to a river. The river already has a channel or several channels. And finding ourselves in this river, we can swim against the current, cling to a branch, or let go and float downstream. Most of our lives, we swim against the current and don't even realize it. Our mind believes that it can and should control the environment for survival, which is quite egocentric. Think about it. We don't control processes in the body such as digestion, circulation, or wound healing. We don't control other people. We don't control the future. We don't even control who we fall in love with or whom we find attractive. Everything that is beyond our capabilities simply goes in some direction. Sometimes this direction is set by the mind, but more often by the natural course of things. When we go with the flow, we align with this natural course. This is the path of least resistance. It gives nature a chance to unfold without meeting our opposition. Thus, the towist approach is more about navigating the river than trying to control it. The latter will never work. Another aspect of the river characteristic of Taoism is water itself. The properties of water, softness, and humility symbolize the Tao. Here's a quote from the Tao Ting. The highest good is like water which brings benefit to all things without competing with them. It gathers in unpopular places. Thus, it is close to the towel. Water can be soft, but it overcomes hardness as seen in the erosion of rocks. Water is humble, yet it nourishes everything it passes. This is an incredible life force that literally works miracles, but without any ambition. Water is the softest and most pliable substance. But nothing surpasses water in overcoming the hard and rigid because nothing can compete with it. One thing that disappears and returns only when the mind takes control again is focus on results rather than the task itself. When you are in a state of flow, you forget about results, pressure, anxieties about the future, failures of the past. There is only you and what you are doing right now. You are completely in the present. And the only way to achieve this is to let go. Letting go means stopping swimming against the current, stopping clinging to branches. It means letting go of the need to control, concentrating entirely on this moment and simply living in it without hesitation.

- Wu Wei: The Art of Effortless Action: Kind: captions Language: en why do the most profound moments of clarity and success often arrive when we least expect them have you ever noticed how when we try to chase after a dog the more eagerly we pursue the faster they seem to run away our steps become hurried our movements desperate as the dog in its playful state turns the chase into a game of elusive twists and turns yet if we stop sit down and patiently wait that dog might curiously approach us this moment of quiet connection found in the Stillness of waiting mirrors the state of flow and contentment in our lives it suggests that sometimes it is not through Relentless Pursuit but through peaceful surrender that we find what we truly seek in our hustle culture we're bombard Ed with the Mantra of trying harder yet many of life's greatest accomplishments stem from a stance of quiet surrender take a runner for example instead of forcing their body to accelerate they prepare they rest and come race day they have faith in their training letting their body perform its learned Rhythm when was the last time you achieved something truly amazing by pushing yourself until you burnt out were you happy throughout that process what if the key to your deepest desires is actually to try less consider the story of Anna a writer plagued by writer's block day after day she sat at her desk striving to craft the novel she believed would Define her career her efforts fueled by Relentless Pursuit and the ticking of the clock only deepened her frustration then one weekend she retreated to a cabin in the woods intending to escape the pressures of her work there without the intent to write she found herself scribbling notes inspired by the Serene River and Whispering Pines words flowed like water effortless and pure this unexpected shift wasn't magic but the power of Letting Go a River Winds effortlessly through a forest it does not strive to reach the ocean it simply flows Guided by the pull of gravity a leaf floats down the river it does not strain or struggle it simply allows the water to carry it effortlessly to where it needs to go this is the essence of woo way an ancient toist principle meaning effortless action or action without action it teaches us that true power lies not in force but in alignment with the rhythms of nature can you recall a moment in your life where Letting Go brought something un expected into your life Neuroscience supports this showing that striving too hard can block creative insights from our subconscious this wisdom advocating for Action without force is echoed across spiritual psychological and philosophical teachings highlighting the transformative power of letting go throughout history great minds like Carl Yung and Victor Frankle have echoed this truth revealing that often when we stop searching what we seek finds us this law of reversed effort as aldus Huxley described it suggests that magic happens when we halt the Frantic search and simply let things come to us have you experienced the beauty of Letting Go and trusting the [Music] process imagine Evelyn a wise Gardener she doesn't Force seeds into the soil rather she nurtures the ground sews the seeds and then steps back she knows that in due time the flowers will Bloom Evelyn's patience reflects LSU's Insight nature does not hurry yet everything is accomplished life akin to a garden thrives not with constant meddling but through gentle care and patience the concept of flow introduced by psychologist miali chent mial illustrates this idea beautifully when was the last time you were so immersed in an activity that hours passed by in what seemed like minutes that is what is called the Flow State The Zone where creativity productivity and happiness Thrive but only when we detach from the outcome how do you cultivate Flow State in your life engage in your passions if you have trouble identifying what you're passionate about lead with your curiosity set intentions but the key is to ease your grip on the outcomes challenges are a part of life and teachers in Disguise most importantly be present allow life to surprise you with opportunities that align with your truths did you know that a Chinese bamboo tree spends 5 years growing its roots underground before it ever breaks through the soil yet when it does it can shoot up to 80 ft in just 6 weeks what if the key to real growth the kind that makes a visible impact is not in the constant striving but in the patient nurturing of your roots life much like the bamboo tree unfolds in its own time and season it invites you to trust to nurture Our Roots and know that you'll be ready when the moment of breakthrough comes by letting go you open yourself to the possibilities that patience and time hold in their quiet Embrace where is the distinct between effort and struggle while effort is purposeful action towards a goal struggle is effort marred by resistance and fear the journey forward is about trust in yourself the timing of your life and the belief that what is meant for you won't miss you practicing mindfulness anchors you in the present enabling you to set intentions without obsessing over outcomes true Clarity akin to a leaf gently falling to the ground will often come in your Quiet Moments of attentive Stillness prompting actions that feel aligned and effortless reflect on history's great minds like Albert Einstein and Leonardo da Vinci who harnessed this principle their breakthroughs often arrived during relaxation when their minds were free to explore this exemplifies the Neuroscience behind creativity significant insights are sparked by ease not strain and what about your relationships how often do you chase affections or outcomes only to push them further away the Lotus does not beckon the sun it simply blooms and the sun gravitates towards its beauty so too must you learn to attract rather than Chase relationships too flourish not in the desperate grasp but in the open Palm love comes to you when you are open and ready life's Beauty is in its EB and flow there's a time for concerted action and there's a time for Serene Stillness when you Embrace both you are the ocean vast mysterious and teeming with possibilities Letting Go isn't about abandoning your goals but about moving forward with trust can you align your actions with your values and desires trusting that you're always being guided towards your highest good as you navigate your Journey remember the leaf on the stream let the currents of Life guide you to your destined path showing that sometimes the best way to achieve your dreams is simply to let them come to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlignmentAcademy [1 likes]: "Those who flow as life flows know they need no other force" 
- Lao Tzu

Thank you for watching! I try to make my videos as meaningful and thoughtful as possible.  I would love to hear about what resonated with you in the comments below. 

May you find alignment all areas of your life. 

Remember to SUBSCRIBE to my channel for future content.
@alignmentacademy
  2. @Ele_ra [1 likes]: Just amazing❤
  3. @joaquimmanuelpereirafernan9655: Are you trying to give me orders

- Lao Tzu - The Art of Not Trying: Kind: captions Language: en this episode of after skool&nbsp; was written by Einzelgänger&nbsp; those who stand on tiptoes do not stand firmly&nbsp; those who rush ahead don't get very far those&nbsp;&nbsp; who try to outshine others dim their own light&nbsp; Taoists have long observed that humans often&nbsp;&nbsp; act in counterproductive ways we frequently Force&nbsp; things only to discover that our efforts backfire&nbsp;&nbsp; we try to improve the world world but then we&nbsp; observe that altering the Natural Way causes&nbsp;&nbsp; many new problems often the more we strive for&nbsp; something the more we seem to drift away from&nbsp;&nbsp; it we may wish to impress someone we're attracted&nbsp; to but for some reason the more we try the less&nbsp;&nbsp; we succeed or we're about to deliver a speech we&nbsp; have rehearsed over a 100 times and even though we&nbsp;&nbsp; know it inside out we utterly blow it in such&nbsp; cases our knowledge and abilities aren't the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem. we know sufficient. we have practiced&nbsp; enough to perform the problem arrives when we&nbsp;&nbsp; get in our own way it's the mind that tries&nbsp; too hard to control the situation to analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; and intellectualize that salts are game. A curious&nbsp; Taoist Sage, Lao Tzu was aware of the human Quirk&nbsp;&nbsp; of getting so lost in their intellectual presence&nbsp; that they forget the natural way and so they force&nbsp;&nbsp; and strive swimming against the stream sometimes&nbsp; ending up further away from their goals than when&nbsp;&nbsp; they started so what if we stopped trying so&nbsp; hard and found a different more effortless way&nbsp;&nbsp; of getting things done this video explores loud&nbsp; sir and the Art of not trying loud sir is the most&nbsp;&nbsp; well-known Taoist Sage although there's no proof&nbsp; that he ever lived if he did it should have been&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere around the fifth and sixth Century&nbsp; BC which makes him a contemporary of Confucius&nbsp;&nbsp; nevertheless the legendary Chinese philosopher&nbsp; wrote a masterpiece called Tao Te Ching which&nbsp;&nbsp; many consider the primary Taoist scripture the Tao&nbsp; Te Ching is a mysterious piece of art not only is&nbsp;&nbsp; there no consensus on when exactly it was written&nbsp; but the existence of its author remains disputed&nbsp;&nbsp; nevertheless one thing is sure the profundity&nbsp; of this work has left its mark on Humanity to&nbsp;&nbsp; this day it's also worth noting that the Tao&nbsp; Te Ching ranks among the most translated words&nbsp;&nbsp; in world literature Lao Tzu seem to have&nbsp; written this text as a manual for a ruler&nbsp;&nbsp; for a significant part it's about governing people&nbsp; and being a good leader mainly by letting people&nbsp;&nbsp; govern themselves it discusses themes like trust&nbsp; and oppression moderation and excess and humility&nbsp;&nbsp; and pride qualities that make or break you as&nbsp; a ruler but also as a human Lao Tzu speaks of&nbsp;&nbsp; the value of trusting instead of trying to control&nbsp; everyone and everything taking the lower position&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of trying to dominate and being flexible&nbsp; instead of rigid in short poetic phrases he makes&nbsp;&nbsp; his message clear he wrote for example those who&nbsp; are stiff and rigid are the Disciples of death&nbsp;&nbsp; those who are soft and yielding are the Disciples&nbsp; of Life the rigid and stiff will be broken the&nbsp;&nbsp; soft and yielding will overcome end quote yet at&nbsp; the heart of his teachings lies a pivotal concept&nbsp;&nbsp; the mysterious all-encompassing Force called&nbsp; da the essence of Taoist philosophy is living&nbsp;&nbsp; in harmony with the Tao also called the way.&nbsp; So, what is the Tao? Lao Tzu clarifies that we&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot know the Tao at least not intellectually&nbsp; our understanding of it only goes as far as the&nbsp;&nbsp; limitations of our perception the true nature&nbsp; of the da remains a mystery moreover according&nbsp;&nbsp; to Lao Tzu the da speak of isn't the real da hence&nbsp; the famous opening of his work goes like this the&nbsp;&nbsp; da that can be described is not the Eternal&nbsp; Tao the name that can be spoken is not the&nbsp;&nbsp; Eternal name end quote so if the true da always&nbsp; eludes us what can we actually know about it the&nbsp;&nbsp; Taoist philosophers emphasize over and over again&nbsp; that true Tao is an overarching Force beyond our&nbsp;&nbsp; comprehension which the senses cannot perceive.&nbsp; The Tao drives everything and governs the universe&nbsp;&nbsp; it's behind all we perceive doing its work never&nbsp; rushing always getting things done it's a force&nbsp;&nbsp; of immense depth we can't control it we can only&nbsp; move with it or against it. Living in harmony with&nbsp;&nbsp; the Tao is the ultimate goal of a Taoist sage. but&nbsp; how does he pull this off? Lao Tzu doesn’t provide&nbsp;&nbsp; a practical guide on living in agreement with&nbsp; the Tao. However, his lyrical writings contain&nbsp;&nbsp; many clues that point to achieving stillness of&nbsp; mind, being receptive instead of controlling,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a curious concept known as ‘nonaction’&nbsp; or ‘effortless action.’ The latter is quite&nbsp;&nbsp; paradoxical, as ‘not acting’ and ‘not doing’&nbsp; imply passivity. But from a Taoist viewpoint,&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s not the case at all. According&nbsp; to Lao Tzu, for those who practice&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘not doing,’ everything falls into place. So, how can we achieve something by ‘not&nbsp;&nbsp; doing?’ How can we act effortlessly and still get&nbsp; everything done? The answer: Wu-Wei. The Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; concept of Wu-Wei or not doing is central&nbsp; to Taoism it can be translated as non-action&nbsp;&nbsp; effortless action or the paradoxical action of&nbsp; non-action. Wu-wei is multifaceted there are&nbsp;&nbsp; different forms of non-action loud says writings&nbsp; and body wu-wei he teaches softness over hard&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing over forcing and flowing along over&nbsp; striving he wants us to stop trying so hard&nbsp;&nbsp; stop pushing Beyond Nature's limits and use&nbsp; the da to our advantage by going along with&nbsp;&nbsp; it instead of fighting it practicing wu-wei way&nbsp; aligns us with the da take for example the idea of&nbsp;&nbsp; non-intervention Lao Tzu speaks about this concept&nbsp; which particularly applies to the ruler instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of ruling by trying to control and dominate our&nbsp; ruler should trust and allow as many processes&nbsp;&nbsp; as possible without unnecessary intervention the&nbsp; world and its people are largely self-governing&nbsp;&nbsp; if he intervenes too much he disrupts the natural&nbsp; flow and things only worsen we can also see this&nbsp;&nbsp; with overly controlling managers their efforts may&nbsp; stem from a desire to do well but their constant&nbsp;&nbsp; meddling is often counterproductive. Lao Tzu wrote&nbsp; that great leaders lead from a place of non-action&nbsp;&nbsp; they only act when necessary they trust in the&nbsp; process they let nature do its work many problems&nbsp;&nbsp; simply solve themselves Many Things fall into&nbsp; place without intervening imagine how much time&nbsp;&nbsp; and energy such an attitude saves Lao Tzu wrote&nbsp; do you want to rule the world and control it I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't think it can ever be done the world is a&nbsp; sacred vessel and it cannot be controlled you&nbsp;&nbsp; will only make it worse if you try it may slip&nbsp; through your fingers and disappear end quote&nbsp;&nbsp; non-action also shines through when Lao Tzu&nbsp; talks about the futility of fixed knowledge&nbsp;&nbsp; and rigid moral code we often try to be good&nbsp; based on predetermined ideas of goodness or&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve success as societal standards dictate&nbsp; but what are goodness and success really&nbsp;&nbsp; can we for example speak of definitive&nbsp; concepts of Good and Evil in a complex&nbsp;&nbsp; and everchanging universe trying to impose good&nbsp; on a world often makes things worse Alan Watts,&nbsp;&nbsp; a fervent scholar of Taoism once pointed out&nbsp; that the goody goodies of society are the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest troublemakers their must save the world&nbsp; attitude often disrupts the natural course simply&nbsp;&nbsp; because they seek to enforce artificial ideas&nbsp; on what's good and evil which may not align&nbsp;&nbsp; with the nuanced realities of Life another form&nbsp; of wu-wei is the idea of effortless action also&nbsp;&nbsp; called being in the zone referring to a free&nbsp; flowing spontaneity during which one merges&nbsp;&nbsp; with the act. Dr. Woei-Lien Chong philosopher&nbsp; and sinologist explains her interpretation in&nbsp;&nbsp; a Dutch book about Taoist philosophy emphasizing&nbsp; the element of emptiness or openness she describes&nbsp;&nbsp; the essence of practicing wu-wei as follows and I&nbsp; quote “And so the whole practitioner is able to,&nbsp;&nbsp; from the clarity of his egoless center, observe&nbsp; all relevant forces in a certain situation in&nbsp;&nbsp; their being, undistorted so that he can respond to&nbsp; them flawlessly.” end quote. From this Viewpoint&nbsp;&nbsp; wu-wei is not just about letting go going along&nbsp; with the flow of nature allowing the universe to&nbsp;&nbsp; do its job it's a much bolder move for which we&nbsp; need a lot of Courage we must be brave enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; escape our intellectual presence of assumptions&nbsp; Concepts and categories and engage with the&nbsp;&nbsp; world as it presents itself the sage must become&nbsp; what Lao Tzu called an uncarved block which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; simpler undistorted state of being as uncarved&nbsp; blocks we can engage in what Dr. Woei-Lien&nbsp;&nbsp; Chong describes as this ultimate receptive and&nbsp; responsive way of action from a crystal clear&nbsp;&nbsp; openness in yourself one with the breathing of&nbsp; the cosmos so how does this work in practice the&nbsp;&nbsp; importance of escaping our intellectual presence&nbsp; is especially true for effortless action in The&nbsp;&nbsp; Flow State we tend to experience intense and&nbsp; focused concentration on the present moment&nbsp;&nbsp; loss of reflective self-consciousness a merging&nbsp; of action and awareness and even an altered sense&nbsp;&nbsp; of time it's like the dancer becomes the dance&nbsp; the poet the poem and the singer the song in his&nbsp;&nbsp; biography retired professional basketball player&nbsp; Bill Russell wrote it was almost as if we were&nbsp;&nbsp; playing in slow motion during those spells&nbsp; I could almost sense how the next play would&nbsp;&nbsp; develop and where the next shot would be taken&nbsp; end quote how do we reach this Flow State perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; a better question is what stops us from reaching&nbsp; it let's take a look at the word try for a moment&nbsp;&nbsp; to try means making an attempt or effort to do or&nbsp; accomplish something often it involves particular&nbsp;&nbsp; mental strain a pressure behind the act we may&nbsp; worry about our performances especially when we&nbsp;&nbsp; compete for a prize we may ruminate about past&nbsp; failures and catastrophize what happens when we&nbsp;&nbsp; screw up sometimes we worry so much about a&nbsp; specific task that we can't must the courage&nbsp;&nbsp; to start even though we have the capabilities to&nbsp; complete it L's idea of returning to the uncarved&nbsp;&nbsp; block makes sense here if we release ourselves&nbsp; from mental strain and the analysis paralysis&nbsp;&nbsp; that comes with it we return to a simpler less&nbsp; contrived State of Mind free from intellectual&nbsp;&nbsp; burdens we become more flexible and responsive&nbsp; to reality as it unfold but don't take the old&nbsp;&nbsp; sag's word for it one of the leading experts&nbsp; on the flow state is Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi&nbsp;&nbsp; a psychologist and University Professor who wrote&nbsp; A bestselling book named Flow. Mihaly states that&nbsp;&nbsp; we often hijack the Flow State through what he&nbsp; calls psychic entropy a state of inner disorder&nbsp;&nbsp; and Chaos in the mind instead of being focused&nbsp; our attention is scattered instead of operating&nbsp;&nbsp; in the present moment we're all all over the place&nbsp; lingering in the past worrying about the future&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of action and awareness merging they are&nbsp; apart from each other separated by an information&nbsp;&nbsp; overload in a state of psychic entropy generally&nbsp; not much gets done and what gets done goes less&nbsp;&nbsp; than smoothly so again it's the Mind disrupting&nbsp; the natural flow the creations of the Mind whether&nbsp;&nbsp; worries ruminations Concepts or ideas seem to be&nbsp; the main reason we don't act effortlessly Mastery&nbsp;&nbsp; of the world is achieved by letting things take&nbsp; their natural course wrote Lao Tzu but of course&nbsp;&nbsp; letting go of The reigns is hard for a controlling&nbsp; mind it requires trust and in trust there is&nbsp;&nbsp; no trying you trust or you don't thank you for&nbsp; watching this episode of after skool if you like&nbsp;&nbsp; this video please check out Einzelgänger a channel&nbsp; dedicated to exploring various topics and ideas [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Einzelgänger [1700 likes]: Thank you for the collaboration. I'm honored! The result is awesome!
  2. @dimakarpov1956 [2 likes]: Russian saying: The slowly you ride, the farther you will be. Тише едешь дальше будешь.
  3. @maddogsenglishmen8020 [1 likes]: 10:20 magic mushrooms🍄 🍄 🍄 🍄 make you feel like you know the next move...the flow.
  4. @neverletmego6414 [1 likes]: "Do nothing, win" - Lao Tzu (chadified)
  5. @estebansan1270: good an evil is not subjective ...careful
  6. @ecokima: Absolutely amazing artwork - such a  beautiful accompaniment to the narrators words. 👏🏻🎉💖
  7. @greenkey21: "empathy is not reality" - me 2026
  8. @taoistik: This video is a deep breath for the soul. I realized I’ve been trying way too hard lately.
  9. @BrooklynnRamirez-z5y: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  10. @wrong_one25: copy rigth
  11. @KPSXI: Imposing your will on the world will only cause pain and suffering upon you and the people you influence
  12. @Jonzimusic: A beautiful video. Your reflection on Lao Tzu captures how easily we struggle against life — and how powerful things become when we stop forcing and return to the effortless way.
  13. @catnipdnb5246: This reminds me of Carlos Castaneda’s books...still on my journey
  14. @davidhunt8685: It's us. Thanks for everything
  15. @billc1657: Love the drawings!😊
  16. @jdougherty927: "What is the Tao?"
"Your everyday mind is the Tao"

"How do you get into accord with it?"
"When you try to accord, you deviate"
  17. @wrp88: All is one. Your joy knows where the flow goes.
  18. @C.E.Alekperoff: "Trust, but verify!..."
  19. @drunkenmonkey1975: Every one of my buddies who stopped trying are miserable.
  20. @EvanLoper-l5w: I'll summarize tao te ching make sure to dumb people down so they are easier to rule but still able to do basic tasks. It's a fine balance me over here thinking we can afford stupidity shit? I need to reevaluate my life.....

- The Tao Explained E2 Wu Wei Effortless Action: Kind: captions Language: en Wooi is one of the most misunderstood ideas in Taoism. It is often translated as non-action, but it does not mean doing nothing. Wooi means effortless action, [music] acting in a way that fits the moment without force, strain, or resistance. Imagine pushing on a door that will not open. You push harder and harder, wasting energy. Then you realize the door was meant to be pulled. Wooi is about noticing how things naturally work and adjusting yourself to that flow. In nature, nothing struggles to be what it is. Rivers do not force themselves forward. Trees do not rush their growth. Yet everything gets done. When we overthink, rush or try to control outcomes, we create resistance. Wooi teaches us to pause, observe, and respond instead of react. This kind of action is not weak. It is precise. A small movement at the right time can achieve more than constant [music] effort. Living with wooi means letting go of ego-driven action. It means trusting timing over pressure and awareness over force. When we stop pushing against life, life often moves with us. The tow explained. Follow for the next lesson. This is Towoism. One lesson at a time.

- TAOISM | The Power of Letting Go: Kind: captions Language: en Mastery of the world is achieved by letting things take their natural course. You can not master the world by changing the natural way. Lao Tzu Our civilization is in a state of ongoing strivings, in which control seems to be the highest virtue. We don’t have to look far to observe this: in the workplace, for example, employees are more and more controlled and supervised, especially now we have the technology to do so. And governments put more effort into tracking their citizens, whether it’s through camera supervision or the proposal of a so-called ‘social credit system’. Ironically, the latter is a Chinese invention, that goes utterly against a philosophy that emerged from the same soil: Taoism. As opposed to a control-obsessed society, Taoism revolves around letting go and going with the flow. At first glance, the act of letting go may seem a form of weakness. But according to the Taoists, by a correct understanding of how the universe works, we can approach life more intelligently, more efficiently, and go with the flow, rather than swimming against it. Therefore, the power of letting go is a form of strength that’s based on sophistication rather than force. The Tao Te Ching, the main Taoist scripture, was written by a mysterious sage named Lao Tzu. There are countless ways in which we can interpret this text. One way is to see it as a guide for a ruler. What characterizes the passages of the Tao Te Ching regarding governance, is that Lao Tzu puts emphasis on ruling by ‘not ruling’, as he compared governing a country with frying a small fish: too much poking spoils the meat. He argued that when a ruler tightens his grip on the people, all kinds of negative side effects will occur. We see that people become distrustful towards one another when the government is too patronizing, and when it’s too intrusive, people become rebellious. But when a leader is unobtrusive and acts with integrity, then people will become whole, as they’re granted the space to naturally evolve. It’s clear that Lao Tzu favors a passive form of governance, which doesn’t just apply to ruling a state, but also to the governance of ourselves. Because letting things go, is key to let nature do the work, which applies to any level. In this video, I’d like to show you several ways in which Taoism shows us the power of letting go. The first one is the art of... (1) Non-doing The Taoist concept of Wu Wei can be explained as ‘effort action’, or the so-called ‘flow state’, but also as ‘non-doing’, or ‘knowing when to act and when not to’.’ When we take a critical look at ourselves, we see that the need for control prevails in many areas of life. We feel the need to control our pets, our children, our gardens, our video games, (in some cases) our partners, and first and foremost: our future. Now, control isn’t always a bad thing. In order to survive, we need to exert our influence on the environment to some extent. Especially self-control can lead us in a positive direction. Without control, human civilization would probably never have occured. But too much of it doesn’t get us anywhere. It seems that we systematically underrate the natural influences that lie at the basis of our daily lives. We can’t control everything, and many things happen when we stop controlling them. Let’s take a tree for example. We can plant it, we can water it, we can add some fertilizer, and make sure it’s exposed to enough sunlight. But any more intervention would only damage the process because we interrupt nature from doing its job. Another example is attraction. The first step to attracting someone is simply showing ourselves, so that the person we want to attract knows that we exist. Then, attraction either happens or not. When the attraction is there, one can easily blow it by taking too much action. Attraction is a natural phenomenon that is beyond our control. It absolutely cannot be enforced. Instead, it has to grow, or erupt spontaneously. And there’s only one way to let the seed of attraction grow into a beautiful tree; which is not intervening, aside from the occasional watering. Silence makes the heart grow fonder. That’s why ‘letting go’ is vital in relationships. Because by letting go, we give space to the forces of the universe to unfold. After a fight, for example. anger naturally erodes. And when trust is breached, one cannot enforce restoration: it has to grow back naturally. So, letting go makes the difference between controlling and allowing. The second one is... (2) Embracing change. The Taoists were very aware that life unfolds in a constant movement between opposites: between high and low, light and dark, yin and yang. There isn’t much we can do about it, and the most efficient way of living is simply moving along with the waves of existence. The flow of life and its transformations are inevitable. Yet, we see so many people cling to their circumstances. In the metaphor of the river stream, they hold on tightly to a branch or rock, afraid to let go, because they want complete control over their position. They simply don’t trust the universe. And the consequence of this is a rigid lifestyle. They see life passing them by, including many opportunities for positive change, and they miss out on a lot of fun. As Lao Tzu wrote in the Tao Te Ching, and I quote: The living are soft and yielding; the dead are rigid and stiff. Living plants are flexible and tender; the dead are brittle and dry. End quote. There are also those who swim against the stream. They’re the biggest energy wasters of them all. Perhaps they see honor and virtue in taking an extremely non-agreeable stance in life. But exercising a constant resistance to how the universe unfolds, isn’t a very efficient way to live, and most likely makes one worn-out and miserable. This non-acceptance of ‘how things are’ is also the cause of people fighting against themselves. Because of certain societal expectations, people engage in a battle against their inherent nature, instead of flowing along with the attributes that nature has given them. We could say: “follow your strength, instead of trying to repair your weakness.” Embracing change also applies to uselessness and usefulness. Taoist philosopher Zhuangzi observed that usefulness depends on the circumstances, as he told about a merchant that tried to sell shirts to a tribe, whose members were covered in tattoos, and always showed them off by walking around shirtless. To them, shirts are useless. But to us, at least most of us, they aren’t useless at all. Usefulness and uselessness are relative and are not to be treated with rigidity. When you live in New York, for example, having a car is less useful, then when you live somewhere in the countryside where the next village is fifty kilometers away. So, we ought to be willing to let go of things that are useless in one situation, and adopt what’s useful instead. That’s how we make change an ally, and not enemy. The third one is... (3) Not focusing on outcomes. Comparable to the Stoics, the Taoists observed that the focus on future outcomes has a negative effect on us. Focusing too much on the future makes us anxious. Our present endeavors become fueled by a desire for an uncontrollable result, and the more we crave that, the less we value the only thing we have, which is the present moment. Zhuangzi goes one step further, by telling us that the more we value something external, the worse we perform in the present. He tells us about an archer that loses his ability to shoot when he focuses too much on the prize. He who is contending for a piece of earthenware puts forth all his skill. If the prize be a buckle of brass, he shoots timorously; if it be for an article of gold, he shoots as if he were blind. The skill of the archer is the same in all the cases; but (in the two latter cases) he is under the influence of solicitude, and looks on the external prize as most important. All who attach importance to what is external show stupidity in themselves. Now, this doesn’t mean that people that want external things are stupid. It means that when our minds are in the future, we paralyze ourselves in the present. This principle lies at the basis of the ‘flow state’ that we see in activities like sports, art, and dancing. When we experience this flow state, we’re so immersed in the task at hand, that we completely forget about the future. It’s like the dance dances itself. The last one for now is... (4) Letting go of excess. In a society in which status is an ultimate concern, everyone wants to be at the top. Not because it’s necessarily the best place to be, but because we’ve collectively decided that high status is preferable and low status is horrible. This also comes with a collective pursuit of the former, and a collective aversion to the latter. But the tallest trees catch the most wind. And when we’re at the top, it takes a tremendous amount of effort to stay there, because everyone wants to take your position. It’s stressful compared to the lower regions, in which one lives more privately, with less competition, less enemies, and, in general, less effort. The other extreme, however, is a place of deprivation. If we deliberately seek the absolute bottom, we become ascetics. Although in a different way, there’s still a strong attachment; the attachment to deprivation. The question we can ask ourselves is: what do we truly need? Zhuangzi observed that a bird that nests in the forest, wants no more than one branch. And that a mouse that drinks from the pond, drinks no more than a bellyful. So, if we aim for what we need, and let go of excess, we prevent possessions from becoming our prison cell, which allows us to travel light. Epicurus observed as well that the basic necessities for life are easy to come by, and that living moderately is the key to happiness. It’s a path that’s easy, and sustainable. As Lao Tzu wrote: “Those who use moderation are already on the path to the Tao.” When we stop striving, we give nature space to unfold. In trusting the universe and accepting that it’s ever-changing lies the opportunity to become loose and supple, instead of rigid and brittle. The power of letting go means that we float along the stream, without grasping for rocks and branches, and that we cut loose dead weight, so we can navigate through life with minimal effort. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Einzelgänger [244 likes]: There's more about Taoism!
The Art of Doing without Doing: https://youtu.be/IGmeL5AdrTk
The Art of Not Trying: https://youtu.be/tLAZvESoVgI
The Philosophy of Flow: https://youtu.be/JtGtqmC5wU4
  2. @TheAbundantMonk: The western mind wants to turn wu wei into a productivity hack and completely misses the point. It's not about doing less. It's about alignment. When your actions come from your nature rather than your anxiety, the effort disappears. Took me years to stop intellectualizing it and actually feel it. Good video.
  3. @gauravsolanki-s9x: Thank you for making
  4. @Hu_Ssainhassan: Letting things go = Eventually result in choosing peace
  5. @BrainBug-z2e: No more holes 🕳️.only goals
  6. @gendashwhy: LETGOEGO
  7. @AngDuc-h4z: done!
  8. @RaghavSharma-di2yl: 9:05 imp
  9. @StoicSoulForge-US: Letting go really is powerful stuff!
  10. @0raribaby: Lao Tzu i dont mean no disrespect but you need to fill your bowl with some shit that makes some sense!!!!!!!
  11. @Ricardo__Sanchez: Thank you for making these videos 🙏
  12. @StoicPowerMethod: Letting go really is powerful stuff!
  13. @umbralmentales: ''Taoism teaches us to flow like water, but Stoicism reminds us to stand firm like a rock. Both are paths to inner peace. For those who seek to be the 'Rock' in a world of shifting sand, my channel explores these ancient virtues in Spanish. 🗿

''Para los que buscan ser la 'Roca' en un mundo de arena, exploramos estas virtudes en mi canal. ¡Bienvenidos!"
  14. @pickled_kiwi-lol: To be fair the social credit system is sometimes wildly misunderstood
  15. @StoicSoulForge-US: Letting go really can be powerful!
  16. @StoicQuietStorm: Letting go feels so powerful!
  17. @gevindudakshina6116: Thank you
  18. @onereal-y3w: 🇹🇼🍵🇲🇳🍵🇨🇳
🌻未來準備🌻
  19. @allardvanderstarre: yup, wu wei is good; one is more relaxed
  20. @allardvanderstarre: i am a big fan of wuw wei

- The Dao of Letting Go (or Not Trying)  | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en Wu wei is an early Chinese term that means literally no doing or no trying. But I think a better translation is effortless action. And it's the central spiritual ideal for these early thinkers I look at. So the Confucians and the Daoists. And what it looks a little bit like flow or being in the zone as an athlete. So you're very effective. You're moving through the world in a very efficient way -- social world and physical world. But you don't have a sense of doing anything. You don't have a sense of effort. You don't have a sense of yourself as an agent. You kind of lose yourself in the activity you're involved in. And you're not only efficacious in terms of skill in the world. You also have this power that the early Chinese call -- unfortunately the Mandarin pronunciation is duh which sounds kind of funny. But it's often translated as virtue. It means like charismatic power. Charismatic virtue. It's this energy you kick off, an aura that you kick off when you're in a state of wu wei. And this is why these early thinkers want wu wei because for both of them, the Confucians and the Daoists it's the key to political and spiritual success. So if you're a Confucian getting into a state of wu-wei gives you this power duh. And this allows you to attract followers without having to force them or try to get them to follow you. People just spontaneously want to follow you. If you're a Daoist it's what relaxes people, puts them at ease and allows you to move through the social world effectively without harm. So everybody wants this because it's a very -- it's the key to success. But they're all involved in this tension then of how do you try to be effortless. How do you try not to try. So the first strategy is the early Confucian strategy which I refer to as carving and polishing strategy which is essentially you're gonna try really hard for a long time. And if you do that eventually the trying will fall away and you'll be spontaneous in the right way. So you practice ritual, you engage in learning with fellow students and eventually somehow at some point you make the transition from trying to having internalized these things you're learning and being able to embody them in an effortless way. The second strategy, the uncarved block or going back to nature strategy is the Daode jing or the primitivists Daoists. And they essentially think the Confucian strategy is doomed. If you are trying to be virtuous, if you're trying to be a Confucian gentleman, you're never gonna be a Confucian gentleman. Anyone trying to be benevolent is never gonna actually be benevolent. They're just gonna be this hypocrite. So their strategy is undo all this learning that you've been taught. So get rid of culture, get rid of learning, actually physically drop out of society. So they want you to go live in the countryside in a small village. It looks a lot like kind of 1960s hippie movement, you know. Back to nature and get rid of technology. Get rid of all of the bad things that society has done to us. There's good points to this strategy, too. One of the main insights I think of the Daoists, these early Daoists is a way in which social values, social learning can corrupt our natural preferences. So we're, you know, body images in advertising teach women that they have to be anorexic if they're attractive. We're taught that we always need to have the latest iPhone. So, you know, we have a perfectly good iPhone but then we see the new iPhone and suddenly our old iPhone isn't good anymore. There's a lot of good literature on this in psychology on the hedonistic treadmill. We're never quite happy with what we have. As soon as we get it we want the next thing. And the Daode jing thinks Confucianism encourages that. And the solution to get off that hedonistic treadmill was to just stop and go back to nature and be simple. So that's the uncarved box strategy. And probably which strategy is the best varies by the situation. So it probably varies from situation to situation what your particular barrier to spontaneity is in the moment. And it also probably varies person to person. So people who have innate personality differences that probably determine which strategy's the best for them. And then also, you know, we've got -- people are introverted who need one sort of push. And people are extroverted, you know, the other kind of maybe be getting pulled in. And also probably varies by life stage. So early on in life especially if you're trying to develop a new skill the carving and polishing strategy makes the most sense. And then some of these Daoists approaches maybe make more sense. When the training is done, the learning is done and you've got to learn to just let go and let this thing you've internalized take over and do the work for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Steve197201 [10 likes]: My strategy is to take an "Ah, eff it!" approach.  I think westerners are so preoccupied with success and having a "never give up" attitude that it doesn't allow us to let go.  It's practically a sin in our culture to just give up, but that, often times, is what's necessary to reach our goals because we actually have very little control over our circumstances.
  2. @Taldaran [1 likes]: Get yourself a copy of "The wisdom of Laotse" by Lin Yutang. It contains the "Book of Tao," each chapter of which is followed by a comparable passage from Chuangtse's writings; supplemented by "Prolegomena" and "Imaginary conversations between Laotse and Confucius" by Chuangtse. The translation is well thought out and logical to us westerners, so it makes for good reading and understanding of the Tao with a minimum of head scratching.
  3. @merlenevs [1 likes]: 德 is not pronounced as "duh", but as dé
  4. @buffybuffalo2975 [1 likes]: Dang. I’ve actually been performing an ancient art form for the longest time without being aware
  5. @bcvc111 [1 likes]: Lao Tzu told me “wisdom is important”
  6. @burtonrivera5253 [1 likes]: Some have it
Some don t.....
The capacity
 precedes birth
( transmigration of 
the soul )
Marketing, re-naming, restructuring "old" 
Which is actually refinement of " then"
It's in my d.n.a.
( no choice in that,
Yet it is every "choice")
  7. @Riffeeee [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content!
One interesting thought, is Transcendental Meditation counter productive for achieving flow state since it increases the activity in the default mode network brain region?

Love to hear your insight on this!
All the best!
  8. @Nixably [1 likes]: so true, thank you for this. I think it's going to help me.
  9. @unpolishedpearl3769: Wow I’m a little shocked how he mixes Confucianism and Taoism and talks about the Confucianist path of polishing the wooden block as one Taoist method...

Also talking about the original Taoists as remedying withdrawal from society and living isolated lives.... but referring to hippie communes as an example? Those were also a type of society... 

I dunno, I think what we’re experiencing here is a very generalized Confucianist Perspective on Taoism ^^ I hope you research the topic further and don’t let these words be your one-stop-ship ^^

- a Taoist
  10. @SinDawg-s2z: They call it BEING AMISH!
  11. @PaulValickas: Daa…
  12. @ousmandiallox: Beautiful summary of these ancient philosophies and ways of being
  13. @ScarlettTantrika: Yaaas 🙌🏽 the path of everything and the path of the void. Great explanation 💛✨
  14. @Chipop267: Letting go of the teacher, putting being and action in the world. Trust.
  15. @thepoliticsofhumanity3419: Yes I found this practice is based on understanding, not knowledge
  16. @Gk2003m: “hedonistic treadmill....” hedonism and Taoism are not necessarily different from each other. Materialism is not a necessary component of hedonism. In fact, it is far easier to be ecstatic in this moment if one’s happiness is not tied to acquisitions, to things. In the best hedonism, there are in fact no things. There is only joy, and joyous people unencumbered by things enjoying that joy together.
  17. @theoak64: Like the great golfer Ty Webb said be the ball Danny be the ball
  18. @xieyuheng: #YangGang #Yang2020
  19. @stndsure7275: Doing-not-doing requires a lifetime of training - under a fully qualified teacher
  20. @dennisr.levesque2320: I think you mean "Tao". A lot of people pronounce it with a D, but it's spelled with a T.   Anything gets better with practice (including spelling/language). Just don't give up before it's second-nature. Otherwise, pay attention, or just hope for the best.

- A Brief History Lesson on Alcohol with Author Edward Slingerland: Kind: captions Language: en the jurogan experience i feel like we should have a drink i i think it we would be remiss we have to take it professionally with a podcast to drink that's nice we're doing a podcast about drinking yeah that makes sense we should have at least a small so the historically there's been a safety feature built into alcohol so for most we've been drinking thank you cheers cheers yeah let's try this ah whoa yeah that's nice i'll start your monday morning i'll start your monday there's a way to start a monday morning yeah um so this stuff is new so having alcohol that's this strong is something we've only had for a couple hundred years really yeah so a lot of people don't realize that so for most of our history we've been drinking like two to three percent beers uh great three percent yeah that's historically that's typically what beers came in at grape wines you could get up to like eight to ten but there's a built-in limit to for natural fermentation so the yeast are turning sugars and alcohol which is a poison so the yeast are slowly poisoning themselves basically and we've bred these super hardy yeast so like nowadays you can get an australian syrah to like 16 abv wow which is historically really unprecedented but it's crazy that's as high as you can get because then the alcohol shuts down the yeast but a way around that is distillation so you heat you take that wine you heat it up ethanol is really volatile so that comes off first and if you can figure out how to capture that vapor and turn it back into a liquid you've got this you've got really concentrated alcohol do they do that with wine they do it with wine or they take they'll take something that's naturally fermented so a weak beer or wine and then they distill it and what do they call that when they get it on the other end distilled liquor that's what liquor is oh okay so it's just a kind of liquor yeah so liquor liquor or spirits refers to something that's been distilled so you've basically extracted the alcohol out of the mixture and made it into a pure form and once you do that you've got like 90 you can get like some vodkas could be like 90 something percent abv so that's crazy strong it's just really we're not equipped to so that what you're talking about you know this it needs to be modulated it was always modulated historically by the fact that we were drinking beers that weren't very strong so there's going to be just volume limit to how much you can consume is also modulated by social stuff so we're drinking typically historically in a communal situation where there's really clear ritual restrictions on drinking so you only drink when someone makes a toast you're you're modulating your drinking with other people and even you know you think about just even in a pub you don't just drink as much as you want you order rounds right and if you down your your beer real fast you got to wait until everyone else is ready to order another round so we socially regulate our drinking and then it's been regulated by its inherent weakness if you want to think of it that way but then all of a sudden you get this kind of stuff you get really strong liquors and and you can have that in your house that's when alcohol gets really dangerous and it's only been the last couple hundred years yeah distilled liquors weren't because the concept's really simple aristotle described distillation but technologically it's really hard to do because you got to be able you have to have metal energy you need to be able to heat liquids and keep them at a certain temperature they're pressurized it's really it's actually kind of dangerous so in prohibition when people created stills at home it was like early 20th century version of meth labs you know they were constantly exploding and people were like getting scalded with hot liquid because it's really it's dangerous so it's hard to do so we only mastered it um i mean i'm telling an evolutionary story so my story begins 10 million years ago with primate ancestors who adapted to alcohol and just so 10 million years ago about 20 000 years ago to 13 000 years ago we start making alcohol seriously not just relying on fruit lying around that has some alcohol in it and then distillation happens probably around 1300s in china and 15 1600s in europe so that sounds like a long time ago but really evolutionarily it's yesterday we just we really haven't had time culturally or genetically to adapt to access to this kind of alcohol and a long time ago when people were drinking beer and um drinking wine in particular like a lot of what they were doing like if they were carrying it around with them they would carry beer or wine when they were going on trips because it didn't go bad the way water would right um beer unhopped beer goes bad pretty quickly it's like a couple days a couple days yeah there's a theory that beer might have been useful in some cultures because it pure fermenting water purifies the water so if you've got bad water from a pond or something like that and then you ferment it make beer out of it yeah yeah drink it so that's one of the story i mean the purpose of my book is to try to explain the puzzle of why we do this why do we put poisons into our body why do we like to drink and it's mysterious because it's so it's really costly it's it's damaging physiologically it's got all these social potential social problems and yet we've been doing it forever we've been making and drinking alcohol for just about as long as we've been doing anything in an organized fashion in fact we the it's looking likely that we were doing this before agriculture and that it's possible that the the desire to make beer and wine is what motivated agriculture so hunter-gatherers hunter-gatherers were making beer before they had agriculture really and uh so they're making clay pots and yeah there's um you know they're pounding the stuff they're malting it to up the sugar content i think that's the effect of that and then they're fermenting it and so we have these sites like and and what's present day turkey the site called goblet tepe is this really cool ritual site it's um these huge stone have you seen pictures of it yeah i'm super familiar with it because of graham hancock who's been on my podcast multiple times okay obsessed with ancient civilizations and that is uh sort of the rosetta stone of ancient civilizations because it's uh at least 12 000 years old and the thought process was at that point in time no one could build the kind of structures that those people built so when they did it it sort of uh it lent uh credence to some of his theories that civilization has gone through multiple periods of ascension and then resets usually through catastrophic disasters like asteroid impacts so his theory um it it it's not really just his theories the younger driest impact theory okay and the younger dry ice impact theory it's pointing to the end of the ice age which coincides with real proof of impacts on earth in the sense of they take soil samples and when they go down to the same uh amount of time where the ice age ended they find with this this stuff called um it's called the nuclear glass or tritonite and this stuff it it occurs at blast sites where they test nuclear weapons but it also occurs at asteroid impact sites okay and they find it all over the place at around 12 000 south 12 000 ish years ago and so this theory is um that at the end of the ice age what had happened was we passed through an area in our solar system that is uh rich with comets okay and then we were hit and that um it literally restarted civilization killed off a massive amount of people and stopped civilizations dead in its tracks and then there's a period of rebuilding so it's go blackie tepe telling his rebuilding no they don't know right it's all speculation because gobekli tepe was for sure covered on purpose yeah somewhere around 12 000 years ago but that doesn't indicate how long ago before then it was built right but what they do know is it was made with some pretty sophisticated methods because a lot of the carvings were three-dimensional instead of carved into the stone the stone around it was carved away right right to leave and there's also animals in it that aren't even supposed to be from that part of the world okay they find that pretty fast know about that yeah there's some pretty cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to it and it's huge you know they've only uncovered i think like 10 of it so far it's a cool sight so the the role it plays in my story is that you've they're hunter gatherers the people who built this place they used to think that but they're not necessarily sure of that this is the theory that graham hancock is proposing all right he believes that civilization so they were like they had full-on agriculture and they were this is just completely theoretical all right because and and very disputed okay because you're dealing with you know it's like so long ago it's hard like what what evidence is there this was always the evidence against something like gobekli tepe where's the evidence of sophisticated structures 12 000 years ago and then finally they found gobekli tepe so now they're like okay well now we have evidence of sophisticated structures twelve thousand years ago which should have been built according to our timeline by hunter-gatherers but um they are they're they're resisting that and they're thinking this younger driest impact theory may indicate that there was something that happened that you know if you look at egypt there's clearly more than one era of building styles there's like an old kingdom style and new can a lot of the old stuff is like deep under the sand when they're finding it and it's their position that a lot of this stuff is thousands of years older than the pyramids okay so my my understanding of the site is that it's 100 it was 100 gatherers uh there there's no grain storage locations they were clearly gathering they were coming from all over and they were gathering at this site to build so they were working to you know erect these pillars and stuff and they were having blow out feasts so they have all this these remnants of feasting and they have these big vats that almost certainly contained beer and possibly hallucinogen-laced beer so a lot of early so these hunter gatherers they weren't growing the the hops or whatever they made the beer out of they were just finding it wild they're making it out of wild grains but the argument so so the standard story about alcohol is we invent agriculture then sometime after that we note that you know someone leaves their sourdough starter out too long and it starts to turn into beer and they're like oh this actually tastes alright that's the standard story so we had agriculture and then we get alcohol around the 1950s or so some archaeologists started to argue you know sites like this one and other sites around the world suggest that hunter-gatherers were gathering and making alcohol before agriculture and so this is the beer before bread hypothesis is that's crazy is that what motivated people to settle down and start focusing on making these grains more productive was they wanted to get high not because they wanted to make bread and it's it jives you see the same pattern in other parts of the world so in south america they make this uh beer-like substance chicha out of now they make it out of maize out of corn but they used to make it out of the ancient the wild ancestor of corn is called teosinte and what's interesting is teosinte sucks for making grain like if your goal was to make tortillas you wouldn't even notice this plant because the grains don't make very good grain products to eat but it makes great is really good for making chicha so this plant if these early people were looking for something to make food with they would overlook this plant but if they were looking for something to make beer with they would focus on it cultivate it start making it produce bigger grains and that's how you would get corn that's like what was the did they do we know what the original thing that they got high with was well we have like uh like the the you know the first the atom yeah i mean certainly we're getting a little bit drunk on just naturally fermenting fruit so now you know fruit falls on the ground it starts to rot what the rotting is is some of it's being turned into alcohol by yeast and so clear it's easy to discover alcohol because it's happening naturally in our environment all the time the earliest evidence of deliberately produced alcohol is from about 13 000 years ago so a little bit before i go back late tepe and this is in modern day israel they have traces of beer production so people are clearly fermenting beer catch new episodes of the joe rogan experience for free only on spotify watch back catalog jre videos on spotify including clips easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience on spotify you can listen to the jre in the background while using other apps and can download episodes to save on data cost all for free spotify is absolutely free you don't have to have a premium account to watch new jre episodes you just need to search for the jre on your spotify app go to spotify now to get this full episode of the joe rogan experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimellis2118 [1 likes]: Hey, when you crush some grapes, that has natural yeast on the skins , nothing else is needed. 12.5 ALCHOHOL.
  2. @jaybradley5462 [1 likes]: Couple of inaccuracies. Alcohol distillation was in Ireland from 1324 (Red Book of Ossary), not 1500 or 1600 in Europe. There's evidence of a common ape ancestor being able to breakdown ethanol in the liver for over 10 million years. Either way, whether it's 40% or 5% abv, it's still ethanol. Someone drinking 5% beer can drink far more ethanol than someone drinking at 40% ABV based on the volume they take. For example, my lineage, being Celtic/Viking, has been drinking 5-15% alcohol for over 4,500 years. and distilled spirit above 40% for 700 years. While 700 years might not be enough for evolution to adjust, it doesn't need to, as our liver had adjusted to ethanol for many millennia before that. Distilled spirit is just cleaner alcohol without the tannins, histamines, sulfites and residual sugars like beer and wine. So if you drink a like-for-like volume of ethanol, you'll be less sick or hungover from distilled spirits versus beer or wine. Just have to be careful with how much you consume.
  3. @roachknightzequ8854: This poor guy hes all i wrote a book and joe is like
My other friend says ur wrong.
  4. @CrtlAltDelete-u3y: he understands.
  5. @paulibrahim3098: So this guy wrote a book why ppl drink.
  6. @StephenPoor: 6:47 the rosetta stone is the Rosetta stone of ancient civilizations.
  7. @StephenPoor: 2:01 distilled wine becomes brandy.  Distilled beer becomes whiskey..... or sometimes vodka or gin.
  8. @TheRealFamespear: Nothing has done more damage to humanity than alcohol — except maybe Marxism. 🥴
  9. @roydentler6807: Slingerland: “Alcohol is poison.”
Rogan: “We should have a drink.”
  10. @Narrowcros: All part of mesoptomian civilizations at the end of the eurhaptues
  11. @MortucusInvictus: booze was made because water was dangerous.
mead was the drink of choice for many
  12. @Drewski-f5g: "Joe gives a brief history of gobekli tepe"
  13. @KirstineTermansen-i8y: Alkohol was used by dentist, doctor to knock you out 


Dont go there,
  14. @KirstineTermansen-i8y: Poor people drank to forget hunger, you dont need it
Smoke, was keep you go and go❤
  15. @CallumBroro: In America*
  16. @IndiaGad: As someone who grew up with an alcoholic mother in a home surrounded by substance abuse and who has now devoted their entire life to sobriety coaching and helping others struggling with their relationship with alcohol... this conversation, while interesting from a historical perspective, does nothing more than prove exactly why alcohol is one of the hardest drugs to stop using. It is so deeply embedded in society, and when narratives like this come to the fore it hampers the good work so many of us are out here doing. I would love to write a paper on exactly when the powers of the world realised that alcohol was the way in which they could control the masses. Perhaps alcohol is the reason why we are in the mess we are in now... too numb to care, too numb to fight. Looking back and looking forward are two very different things, and Slingerland's book (which is an anomaly in his extensive research of Ancient China) does way more damage than good. Also, I'd be interested to see him come back to the podcast now given Joe himself is no longer drinking.
  17. @muzzasmsmadness1081: No secret why we drink ... as Sheryl Crow says it's the "beer buzz in the morning"
  18. @GenXshit: Really hard to do, meanwhile in the hills of Arkansas is a hillbilly with a third grade education makin the best shine in two states
  19. @ejrwm: Sounds like how marijuana’s potency has risen over the years.
  20. @cosmicvortex2: Joe rapping when the guy brought up gobleki tepe 😂😂😂

- Edward Slingerland, Author, "Drunk": Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Susan Swain host of c-span's Q&A where we spend an hour with non-fiction writers and historians who add context to today's news Our Guest this week is Edward slingerland professor of philosophy at the University of British Columbia who tries to answer the question why do people drink in his latest book titled drunk how we sipped danced and stumbled our way to civilization Professor slingerland looks at The evolutionary role of intoxication and the impact that alcohol has played throughout human history our conversation will begin in just a moment Edward slingerland your new book titled drunk how we sipped danced and stumbled our way to civilization has a bit of an eye popping opening I want to read it to our our viewers people like to masturbate they also like to get drunk and eat Twinkies not typically all at the same time but that's a matter of personal preference from a scientific perspective we have long been told these otherwise variegated Pleasures have one thing in common they are evolutionary mistakes sneaky ways that humans have figured out how to get something for nothing you've been researching why people drink were the scientists right or wrong they're wrong is my argument uh and for variety of reasons so this if alcohol is a mistake it's an incredibly cost mistake so unlike masturbation which is relatively harmless you don't lose a lot of time um evolution is not going to get too worried about people and other species gaming the system so getting a a pleasure reward for no good reason for something that the the reward was not designed for in the case of Twinkies it's more serious so it leads to diabetes and obesity all these problems but it's a really recent problem so the uh taste for sugar and fat that drives us to eat Twinkies is a relatively recent problem it's it's really just in modern industrial societies where you have access to junk food and things like that and it's still not even to this day Universal there there are plenty of places in the world where getting enough fat and sugar is still a problem so one of these uh Pro one of these hijacks or mistakes is not really very costly the other one's very recent alcohol on the other hand is very very costly it is damaging it's a poison it's it's physiologically damaging it damages her liver raises cancer risk it causes alcoholism so it's estimated that up to 15% of the human population is prone to alcoholism so it can lead to an alcoholism obviously leads to all sorts of tragic consequences for both the individual who has alcoholism and and everyone around him or her so families societies uh it's it's costly in terms of resources es so it's estimated that in ancient Sumer so where we have Beginnings that's where beer is a ma major staple up to half of the grain so half of their food was turned into beer so they're taking half of their food stuff and turning it into a liquid neurotoxin which is which seems very strange if it's just a mistake and in modern industrial socities is estimated that about a third of people's budgets household budgets on food and drink go toward alcohol and that's almost certainly an underestimate because of the prevalence of of black markets and things like that people under report alcohol purchases so if it's a if it's a mistake it's a very costly mistake and it's surprising that it's been around for so long um and then that leads to the second issue it's not a recent problem and this actually surprised me when I started doing the research we the standard story is we discovered agriculture we settled down we started growing grains and then we noticed that if we left the grain sitting around in some water they would ferment maybe it tasted all right so we try it out U so in that story alcohol is kind of this again a kind of mistake it's a byproduct of Agriculture but the archaeological record is suggesting now that we were making beers at least out of wild grains long before we had agriculture so we have direct evidence as far as 13,000 years ago and some indirect evidence as far back as 20,000 years ago so hunter gatherers were making beer out of wild grains and the suggestion is that agriculture actually started as a byproduct from wanting to get drunk so we were we were motivated to make better beer and so we started cultivating grains making them more productive so the drive to settle down and create agriculture was driven by this desire to get intoxicated rather than the other way around so the Antiquity and the cost of alcohol use makes it really unlikely that it's just evolutionary mistake you're joining me from western Canada um and you are a professor of philosophy so how did someone with your background get interested in the use of alcohol it's a good question most of my colleagues would like to me to answer that question as well they're bit puzzled by the topic of the new book it actually grows naturally out of previous work I did so my my day job is early Chinese philosophy so early Daoism and Confucianism and I've written previously on attenion there so all these thinkers that I look at in early China want you to be spontaneous they want you to be in this state it's in Chinese it's called OU or I translate it as effortless action it's kind of like being in the zone when you play sports so it's a state where you lose a sense of yourself as an agent you everything seems to just work everything seems effortless and perfect you have Charisma you're very creative you can solve problems but they have a attension so they they want you to be spontaneous but there's a problem how do you how do you try not to try that's that's a topic of one of my earlier books trying not to try how do you consciously make yourself spontaneous it seems like it's a paradox and it actually is from a cognitive scientific perspective a paradox and in one of these texts one of the these early Dallas texts it's really kind of a side comment but they compare the person who's in way to someone who's drunk they they you know lose a sense of VES they're relaxed they're feeling spontaneous and that put the seed in my mind I think of this idea that this is a tension you can't solve it through just forcing your way through it you can't try to be relaxed so maybe chemical intoxicants especially alcohol are this cultural tool that we've used to get around the Paradox to to basically reach inside the brain and turn down the the prefrontal cortex the the part that's in charge of attention and control just turn it down a couple notches and it might be a tool that societies have used to to create artificial if you want to think of it this way kind of artificial spontaneity that might have important functional benefits well to that end uh we were looking around for some clips that might illustrate the conversation and uh Nick Ral producer found one from a movie from 1945 called The Lost weekend with Ray Miland and he he's the Drinker at the bar in this clip and uh let's hear how he describes how alcohol makes him feel feel mat weave me another better take it easy oh don't worry about me just let me know it's a quarter of six okay come on Matt join me one little of Dreams huh no thanks you don't approve of drinking not the way you drink it shrinks my liver doesn't it n it pickles my kidneys yes but what does it do to my mind it tosses the sandbags overboard so the balloon can soore suddenly I'm above the ordinary I'm competent supremely competent I'm walking a tirop of an Agra FS I'm one of the great ones Edward slingerland does that sentiment ring true with your research yeah I actually quote a bit of that in the book so this is there's this ancient and ubiquitous idea of alcohol going along with creativity so an association between alcohol and Poets or artists writers and I argue in the book that this is not it's not random there actually is we have um very good scientific evidence that alcohol can help enhance creativity so one of the studies I look at had subjects trying to solve what's called a lateral thinking task so it's a kind of task where you need to you can't just power your way through to a solution you have to see it see an insight and they got they either gave subjects Placebo or they gave them a drink that had alcohol in it and people seem to do best at this task when they got to about 008 blood alcohol content so so that's about two drink it's about two drinks in it's about when you should stop driving so when you shouldn't drive is when you can actually start thinking more creatively and interestingly I I was writing the proposal for this book and I'd gone through 10 iterations or so and my my agent kept saying that's not good it's not working and she was right it didn't there was something missing it didn't pop and I realized I hadn't taken my own advice or the advice from the evidence from the scientific studies I was I was serving I hadn't ridden any of it drunk and so I actually sat down with my laptop at a hotel bar I was on a business trip about to beet some colleagues and had a Negron and about three quarters of the way through the Negron um I wrote those those lines that you read at the beginning of the show um I was like oh we that's the the Jazzy way to start the book and it and the feeling that I had was really of taking dictation I got into a relaxed state of mind and it really felt like I was just writing down words that were being read to me from some part of my brain so there is this this ability the prefrontal cortex which is really important for getting stuff done I mean it's it allows us to control impulses and stay focused on task and um it's it's a very important part of the brain to have but I I review evidence that it interferes with creativity and if you can figure out a way to turn it down temporarily for a few minutes it helps were you surprised you published during the pandemic year were you surprised that a number of jurisdictions during the pandemic labeled alcohol sales as essential businesses all jurisdictions did it's really interesting it's there was debate about you know gun stores and golf courses there was no debate about liquor stores I think in the United States Pennsylvania briefly tried to close liquor stores and it lasted about 12 hours before the outcry forc them to reopen them so there is I mean that to me is one of the the pieces of evidence that this is alcohol use is woven into our culture and into our daily lives in a really basic way and that's that's part of the puzzle that I want to try to explain in the book so you come at this from history and you mix it with biochemistry genetics Neuroscience Al together you you write in the in the closing pages of the book that you've been thinking about this book for quite a while so what what really brought you to the point to say it's time to get this together and publish it yeah I think because of the the growing feeling that this we had a scientific problem that needed to be solved we had this kind of mystery hiding in plain sight so some of the previous work I've done is on religion and looking at the evolutionary cognitive underpinnings of of why we believe in supernatural beings why we engage in religious rituals and my approach to to religion has been kind of what you know this is a puzzling from an evolutionary perspective puzzling Behavior we're worshiping beings as far as we know that don't exist we're doing these costly things that are really not having any real effect um even though we think they may be having effects why has this Behavior evolved and and why is it stayed a part of the human repertoire and I came to feel that intoxication was one of those things why are people so drawn to intoxicants and and the shallow answer is well you know why do people like the basic question of drunk is why do people like to get drunk The Superficial answer is it makes us feel good is just pleasurable but that the deeper question it just pushes the question back is why does it make us feel pleasurable why does evolution allow it to continue to make us feel to experience pleasure and that just came to feel feel to me like a puzzle that I really needed to dig into are we the only species that seeks intoxication no other other species will will drink alcohol if they can get their hands on it uh so I tell the story actually of a family lore has it that someone extended in-law family in Italy kept a lemur a pet lemur that got into a store of alcohol swabs and you know soak squeezed the swabs and drank enough alcohol to make it drunks and it fell off this landing and that's how that's was the end of lemur so animals will if they can get into alcohol drink it so it is it is hitting a pleasure Center in a lot of different brain systems humans obviously are the only ones who have really made producing serious quantities of alcohol Center of their their organized activity so we've been we've been focusing on how to make alcohol and how to make it more potent for really as long as we've been doing anything organized as a species and that's really unusual there's something we have a special Drive to seek intoxication that other species don't seem to have from the scientific perspective uh you we always hear that alcohol is a depressant but you explain in the book that it's actually got two phases would you talk about the two phases alcohol is very complicated so the uh journalist Steven Brown calls it a pharmacological hand grenade it's when it hits your brain is doing so many different things and often all at once so it's a stimulant various ways it stimulates uh serotonin production it boosts endorphins so the the feeling of elation it it's raising mood it's also relaxing you the way endorphins do and makes you feel good about people around you it's the depressant part of it is the part that's targeting the prefrontal cortex along with other systems in your brain but that's that's the major one I focus on so it's down regulating your your prefrontal cortex turning it down a few notches so that one way to look at is the it's taking away the playground monitor or it's giving the playground monitor a little vacation so the kids can play on their own so it's it's it's decreasing inhibitions for good and for bad uh and it's making you feel good about yourself and the people around you and then once you get up to higher blood alcohol content levels the depressant effects start to swamp out all the other effects and that's when you get people falling asleep or passing out so it it really depends on the the dosage how quickly you're drinking whether you have food in your stomach or not it it it really is variable but um yeah it's a it's a it's a hodgepodge of different effects all H happening at the same time in addition to uh describing the the importance of the prefrontal cortex of our brains on human capabilities you also have this theory of the three C's that human beings have that distinguish them as us as a species and how important they are in the creation of community and our success as a species would you talk about that theory we're primates so our closest relatives are chimpanzees and bobos and our basic biology is primate biology because of that and yet if you look at how we live especially in large scale Society so I'm here I live in downtown Vancouver and I'm looking at at this view of all these skyscrapers buildings and cars moving around Vancouver looks a lot more like a beehive or an ant colony than the kind of settlement you'd see chimpanzees or early humans pre-agricultural humans living in so we're primates but we the way we cooperate we cooperate on a scale that looks more like social insects and this is a puzzle how do you get human beings to cooperate on a large scale so the three C's are that we're creative we're cultural and we're communal so creative we are dependent on creativity in a way no other animal is so we we need tools the the cheetah cheetah don't sit around trying to figure out better ways to catch gazel coming up with bows and arrows they just they have teeth they have claws they can run and that and gazel have their natural defenses they can get better at this but it's through genetic Evolution not through cultural Evolution humans are helpless without tools we are so dependent we're biologically dependent on tools so if you think about the the simple most early tool is fire and we've become so dependent on cooking our food so we use fire we cook food it makes that food more digestible easier it's kind of like pre- digesting food for an infant or something we we do this for ourselves and our Jaws have changed so we have our teeth are smaller our Jaws are less robust and our digestive tract is is smaller than it should be for a primate of our size because we've become biologically dependent on fire so we need fire and we need tools humans can't capture the food they need without tools and so the environment's always changing so we need to be coming up with new tools better tools we're also always competing with other cultural groups who are trying to exploit the same resources that we're exploiting so we need to get better tools to compete with them so we're dependent on creativity in a way that no other species is and and I argue this is one of the functions of intoxication it helps to to free the mind up so we can come up with these kind of new Solutions and I talk a little bit about psychedelics in in this regard as well uh we're cultural and communal we need to be open to other people to learn things from other people be open to trusting them and trusting that the information that they're giving us is reliable we need to be able to cooperate with strangers in what's called Public's Goods games or sometimes prisoner dilemma type situations so we need to cooperate in situations where we we have no guarantee that the other person's going to cooperate we just have to trust them and it seems like humans have evolved to do this by reading emotional cues and other people you know are you trustworthy do you seem like a nice person can I go into business with you can I go on this hunt with you and alcohol I argue is one way we we do a better job of sussing out potential Cooperators so alcohol makes it harder to lie for instance you paralyze a prefrontal cortex it's it's harder to make up a lie it also and this is maybe more surprising it makes us better at detecting lies so humans it turns out or not when we're focusing consciously on detecting lies we don't do a very good job of it but if we just relax and kind of take in a variety of cues we do a better job and so I'm I'm arguing alcohol in the same way that uh when we meet we shake hands to show that we're not holding a weapon in our right hand cultures use intoxicants at treaty me meetings or business meetings anything where you potentially hostile people need to figure out a way to cooperate as a kind of cognitive disarmament if I sit down and start drinking with you I'm basically taking out my prefrontal cortex and putting it on the table and saying you know I'm not I'm not armed anymore go of cognitively you can trust me you can the things that I'm saying are sincere and authentic so it's a tool and in this way chemical intoxicants especially alcohol have been used as a tool by humans to to help us adapt to this unusual Niche that we've grown accustomed to your book gives some examples throughout history and in modern times where uh alcohol has been deployed specifically in your theory to lower the instincts of that PFC the prefrontal cor cortex and have a positive gain so I wanted you to talk about some of them one is General George Washington and liquor for the troops yeah yeah so he believed that uh it was very important for building morale among the troops to give them alcohol and this is where the the bonding effect of alcohol becomes important so and and this has to do with lowering the PFC and the sense of being able to you have a feeling that the person you're interacting with you're interacting with the real person not some put on version of them but this is also where some of those other effects are important so the ra the boosting of endorphins probably is crucial here so as that endorphin levels rise in your body so you drink alcohol you start to feel better about people you're with you start to feel like you're part of their team you start to feel like oh we're a team maybe against other teams but we have a group identity so I look at some experimental work that's been done that showed that if you put strangers together in tables and have them engage in conversation they're supposed to be doing some other task but really the experiments about the alcohol uh and it's got a placebo arm as well so Placebo people people drinking a non-alcoholic drink that seems alcoholic but is not are just like people who aren't drinking anything at all um they have trouble hitting it off if you look at the videos of them interacting it's kind of a little awkward they have fake Smiles he's kind of you know like smiling for the camera Smiles if you look at the um alcohol condition people they're hitting it off uh they're smiling what's their smiles are what's so-called duen Smiles the sincere smile you get when you're really amused and afterwards they report feeling bonded I really like these other people I felt like they were part of my team I felt like we could work together so it's so people like George Washington didn't have access to This research obviously but they they had a gut feeling that getting people who needed to to trust each other in dangerous situations and work as a team together getting them together and giving them some alcohol is very helpful a modern version of that was an example you wrote about the Navy Seals training program and the use of alcohol toward the end as a bonding would you talk about that yeah this is an just an anecdote from a a relatively recent book called stealing fire that that this Navy seel Commander had this method for people going taking Navy Seals through this brutal training process and it's very physically demanding very mentally demanding but he thought a crucial Capstone to the training was the last night they all went out to a bar and got quite drunk and the the experience of letting down your guard you know taking taking that mental Machinery out and putting it on the table really he thought did the final work of jelling them as a group and making it making it uh possible for them to work together as a tightly knit unit so and the Navy Seals are pretty uh pretty evidence-based I mean they want to they they have the clear things they want to do and they they try out different techniques to to achieve those goals and so I think the fact that successful organizations like this or using alcohol as a tool as a team building tool is very revealing from the tech world you had an a personal example of the time that you were led into Google's whiskey room yeah yeah so I'd given a talk at one of the Google campuses and mentioned I'd mentioned the study about the 0.08 leading to um higher creativity and it this was really just a footnote in my talk about spontaneity I was giving them but the when the talk was over someone in the audience put their hand up right away and he said have you you ever heard of the Balmer Peak and I hadn't but this is supposedly it may be apocryphal but supposedly Steve Balmer the former CEO of Microsoft discovered this very narrow blood alcohol content level where he was supernaturally good at coating so he is not so good not so good and then he got really great at this blood alcohol content and then it went down again and supposedly he would keep himself hooked up to an IV of alcohol to hover right at that sweet spot and it's it's hard to imagine so actually doing that but it gets it this idea that people have independently discovered that at a certain level of inebriation they're peing in their performance they're they're able to think out of the box they're able to think more creatively and and they just Steve Balmer independently discovered this and then after the talk I was being taken on a tour of the campus and they said okay well we know what our first stop is and they took me to this whiskey room so this is amazing uh room great selection of single malt scotches and and foosball table and some bean bag chairs places to relax and they said that when they get into as a team when they run into a wall so they're trying to solve some problem they're not solving it banging their head against the wall isn't working instead of remaining in front of their computers and continuing to bang their heads against the wall they go to this room and they pour themselves a scotch and they sit in some bean bag chairs and they just start talking and what they discover is that often one or another person at a certain blood alcohol content level will have a new idea about how to get around this problem and so again just like the Navy Seals example this this really stuck in my mind as a way that successful organizations are using chemical intoxicants instrumentally they're they're using them as tools to help solve very specific problems but as you write in the book uh are some people not invited to those parties uh people who don't drink oftentimes women are not invited in so that's an example of the one of the downsides of using it as a tool yeah yeah so the you create an ingroup you're creating outgroups so that's one of the problems the other problem is just that the way alcohol is deployed in a lot of professional environments for instance it's you know you see at professional conferences it's it is the case that professional conferences a lot of the real work gets done not in the talks the official program but after the official program's over when people are going to receptions when they're hanging out at the hotel bar having a couple drinks and this is a tricky subject because it is the case that this is where uh new collaborations get struck this is where you have a new idea talking to a colleague from a completely different part of your field that you'd never talk to normally important things happen in these environments and yet it's the case that they're hostile to if I were a young woman I would feel very uncomfortable hanging out at a hotel bar with a bunch of colleagues and so this is I talk about this at the end of the book this alcohol has got this dark side to it if we want to think about dionis the god of wine as giving gifts diis one of the gifts he gave was to Midas the Golden Touch so he gave him you want gold here you go and didn't turn out that great foras so the gifts of dionis are dangerous they come with down sides and I think as a culture we haven't done a very good job of figuring out how to use alcohol in a way that makes everyone feel comfortable so um people who don't feel com women may not feel comfortable hanging around in a bar environment where people are drinking uh if you're a Muslim and you don't drink for religious reasons you're frozen out of that if you are recovering alcoholic if you need to get up early the next morning to take your kids to daycare if you have to go home to take care of your kids you don't have you don't have the luxury of hanging around after work at the bar it freezes out a lot of people and so it's a it's there's no clear answer to this but I think that uh organizations need to figure out a way to use alcohol in a way that doesn't disadvantage people who don't drink well following up on the Muslims they're an example of one uh major religious group along with the Mormons uh Pentecostals who uh disavow all alcohol consumption and yet their societies been enormously successful so does that turn your theory on its head a bit no I think actually the fact that they've been relatively successful uh supports my theory because uh the easiest if alcohol is a cost then alcoholic prohibition should be awesome for cultural groups so much so that they should out compete all other cultural groups and I I there's a story I tell in the book a historical account from the 700s ad and it's an Islamic official who's traveling in what's now Russia to meet a recently converted ruler I think to check up on them and make sure they're actually being a good Muslim and along the trip he runs into some Vikings it's one of the the first accounts we have of Vikings from Outsiders and he's really impressed by their size and their fierceness and but he's horrified by their drinking and the the count he gives of their drinking from internal Viking sources seems pretty accurate so every night they just get blind drunk they would fall into the fire they would hurt each other they'd get into fights and he really thought this was animalistic behavior and was amazed that these people could even function and and yet they did function and in fact they function quite effectively so if you want to talk about a successful cultural group the Vikings were pretty successful they they conquer they they first of all large proportion of Northern Europeans are descendants of them so they're gentically fairly successful they they were the first to sell to the Americas um they were a very successful cultural group if alcohol really only had negative consequences a cultural group like like Islam that came up with a solution to it let just prohibit alcohol consumption should have completely wiped out cultural groups that use alcohol and yet that's not the case so and I don't have this in the book but in one of the talks I give on this I show a map of where where prohibition is actually in place right now in the world and it's not very many places it's you know they're all Muslim countries and it's it's not it's not as prevalent as you would predict if alcohol really only had costs and there weren't any benefits on the other side of the the uh equation when you're looking at the world and and regions and how they might approach drinking you use the southern Mediterranean culture and its incorporation of alcohol into their culture from early ages as a comparison to for example uh northern European cultures where distilled Spirits uh and binges and and the like Russia for example stand in contrast what's the what's to learn about looking at those two different approaches so it's probably the case that all all human populations have about 15% of the population is prone to alcoholism and yet alcoholism rates that we observe in different countries are quite variable so Russia is very High alcoholism Italy has very low rates of alcoholism so what there's got to be some explanation for that and it's not genetic it's cultural and this is where we get to this idea of northern versus Southern drinking cultures this is referring to Europe but in anthropological circles they talk about for instance Northern drinking cultures focus on distilled Liquors they drink to get drunk drinking is SE is a separate activity it's something you do when you're you just drink separate from meal taking and other things public drunkenness is not only not frowned upon but maybe considered kind of heroic or manly like it's something guys do it's drinking alcohol is considered taboo so children aren't allowed to do it and it's kind of it's forbidden there strict rules about who's allowed to drink and those seem to encourage binge drinking and unhealthy drinking patterns if you look at Southern European cultures they drink more wines and beers so lower alcoholic beverages they have distilled Liquors but they tend to use them in very small amounts at the beginning or the end of a meal and it's all about the meal you only drink alcohol at the meal table and you'll drink at lunch and at dinner but you only drink at the table and it's part of life it's just part of what one does when one's having a meal kids are included so children get a little bit of wine at the table usually watered down when they're really young but but strong and stronger as they get older and so kids learn that alcohol is just a normal part of life it's part of essensual pleasure that you enjoy as you're enjoying a good meal and uh drunkenness is frowned upon so people who get drink to the point of being visibly drunk are disapproved of and all of these these are just purely and mostly implicit cultural practices like no people don't lay these out for you you just learn them so I learned this when I um my ex-wife is is half Italian we spent a lot of time in Italy and I learned very quickly so I come from maybe more of a northern drinking culture just from being American Americans tend to drink like Northern Europeans and you know I learned that you just you drink wine at the table and you don't take your wine away after dinner and go sit in your room and read a book and drink a glass of wine people would kind of look at me weird and I was like oh yeah one doesn't do that um so that seems to help so incorporating alcohol in a healthy way into your daily life in a communal setting and setting of a meal seems to help people integrate it in a way that it doesn't become a danger you say that the United States by comparison to these two examples has the quote most individualized and fragmented drinking culture what do you mean drinking historically drinking has always been a communal event so you drink in a public ritual setting or the setting where you're sharing food with people you you don't drink and private you don't you typically in most cultures don't drink in your own private homes I think what's extreme about America there's a couple extreme things about America there's a there's this kind of American puritanism where we we like Pleasures but we think they're bad and so we tend to engage in them in this very kind of unhealthy way because they're taboo um again unlike Europe we something like alcohol is more of a a part of daily life but American American life is more centered around the suburbs and kind of the individual home so the fact that uh you can go to a drive-thru liquor store and have them load up your SUV with vodka and twinkies and firearms and then drive home and have all that stuff in your house is just evolutionarily unprecedented and it's not the way people tend to drink and say southern Europe um so I think that Americans have have are much more private drinkers so we drink at home and when we're drinking at home we're missing all of the types of signals that we normally would get from our society about slow down um match this drinking Pace don't drink too much and that's why you're going to see um you see higher alcohol our alcoholism levels in in the US look a little bit more like Russia than they they do Italy yeah I wanted to share with our audience some statistics that you give the sources are world and data 2017 in the United States 15.1 million adult alcoholics 88,000 annual alcohol rated deaths a estimated cost to the US economy of $249 billion and an estimated 10% of children in homes with alcoholic parents to some of the uh side effects uh or Consequences rather of of alcohol consumption uh hundred years ago the United States over concerns about the impact of alcohol and Society tried prohibition uh as a Constitutional Amendment which was of course uh then dropped um we have a clip and just to put a little historical relevance to it from 1933 members of Congress speaking after a legislation Rel legalizing beer containing uh 3.2% alcohol let's just put this into the mix right now this is the day we have long hoped for it is a consummation devoutly to be wished we are all happy let us drink to a further liberation of the the American people to their success to their further income and taxes and to the success of America happy day salute all the members of Congress hoisting a beer Happy Days Are Here Again happy days are here again that's great why why didn't prohibition work it didn't work for a variety of reasons it top down Solutions like this often don't don't work um I think it the only the only Pro so people cultures have been trying prohibition since we've had alcohol so since we've started making alcohol which has been since we've been doing anything in an organized fashion we've also been trying to ban alcohol so one of the earliest legal codes we have from early China is is a is a Prohibition edict anyone caught drinking will be put to death and it just didn't work very well the Chinese kept drinking I think this this legal edict was found in the same tomb that that included lots of elaborate drinking vessels uh the the trick to get prohibition stick the trick seems to be combining it with religion so there's something about this is why and is you we talk about Islam as a prohibitionist religion it's got a kind of mixed historical record so there have been plenty of places through in times in history where Islamic culture is winked at drinking you know Elites drank some of the best wine poetry we have comes from Persia so it comes from these Islamic Persian uh poets and writers who were drinking openly and celebrating wine so Islam has a kind of mixed record on this it seem prohibition seems to be so counter to what people want to do that you need to make it a super prohibition by combining it with religion so so that's why certain strains of Islam have been successful that's why the Mormons have been successful but I argue in the book If you once you're doing that it it starts to become so counter to basic human desires and to some basic functions of alcohol that the the prohibition is itself the point so the it's not so much that you're getting this benefit from Banning alcohol it's that by so dramatically going against what people naturally want to do it's a kind of signal so in the cognitive science evolution of religion literature we talk about these kind of costly signals that show that I really take this group seriously I'm gonna cut off the foreskin of my penis I'm gonna not eat pork I'm going to do these things that demonstrate to everyone that I really believe in this group and what it stands for and so alcohol prohibition when it's successful seems to be only in the context of signaling membership in a religious group and that's not the case with americ American prohibition it was just a legal statute uh we have a little more than 15 minutes left in our conversation I I was thinking about you mentioned Pensylvania earlier Pennsylvania has uh as part of its regulation of alcohol state liquor stores as does Virginia here in the Washington area uh so the idea there is to control Public Access in some degree through regulation but at the same time those states make money from the sale of alcohol and they run commercials on television and radio encouraging people to buy the products so talk about mixed messages there for society what are people supposed to take away from that I think the it's a recognition mixed messages are reflections of ambivalent attitudes and we have an ambivalent attitude toward alcohol and for good reason so it's not a mistake the alcohol is potentially really dangerous and I something I talk about in the book is how alcohol has become more dangerous relative ly recently so I think on fairly long historical time scales evolutionary time scales we've been drinking we've been making alcoholic beverages and drinking them for probably 20,000 years certainly we have direct evidence from 13,000 years ago but for most of that history we've been drinking relatively weak maybe two 3% beers and if we had fruit wine maybe we' get them up to 8 or 9% uh alcohol by volume so relatively mild if you're drinking if your sociality is focused on a 2 3% beer it's going to be pretty safe so it's going to be hard to get really dangerously drunk it's going to be hard to you're not going to be able to black out you're not going to be able to kill yourself with something like that just because the volume of liquid you'd have to consume is so great but about uh 1300s in China and not really until the 16 1700s in Europe we figured out a way to make alcohols wildly more Dangerous by getting around the natural limits of natural F fermentation and distill Liquors so distillation is a fairly um simple concept but it's really hard to pull off in practice it's where you're heating an alcoholic mixture boiling off the ethanol and capturing it and turning it back into a liquid so through that process you can get something that's not quite a 100 you can get in the 90s per ABV a a glass of vodka is just so much more potent than a glass of beer that that I think it really it's still just ethanol but I think it should be considered a completely different drug and so I think our ambivalence toward alcohol has become stronger in the past few hundred years for very for the very good reason that the forms of alcohol we possess now are much more dangerous if you're drinking shots of vodka you can blow right past 08 blood alcohol content sweet spot and into blackout territory and um really uncontrolled Behavior territory so I think that um you know the state liquor stores are advertising what they really what cultures would like us to do is drink in a responsible fashion and I think one of the ways we can be successful in doing that is focusing more on beers and wines um and being very cautious one thing that's changed my behavior since I I started writing this book doing the research for this book is I've become much more wary of distilled Liquors they're they're really dangerous if you can't uh do an effective job as a government in in changing um behaviors uh through through prohibition I was thinking about the efforts of the group Mothers Against Drunk Driving and a 20-year campaign to educate the public about the consequences of drinking and driving It ultimately uh ended in legislation we have another clip I'm going to show real quickly here that this is in from the year 2000 then president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving uh to speaking as the law was signed that change the national blood alcohol content standard to 08 let's listen briefly for years highway safety and public health Advocates have worked to pass 08 BAC laws but many state legislators have been under the influence of the alcohol and so-called hospitality industries they have chosen to defeat 08 BAC bills despite the science and the public support of this life life saving legislation this is mad's 20th anniversary and today is truly an historic Moment In The Fight Against Drunk Driving so Edward slingland it took them 20 years but in fact they were successful in passing that legislation and you're well aware of all of the efforts in high schools to educate young people about the consequences of drunk driving that seemed like it had a positive impact on changing people's decisionmaking about not not to stop drinking but stopped driving when they were drinking can are are there other ways that that uh as a society we can influence the consequences if not the behavior of drinking itself yeah one way I actually don't talk about this in the book but another way alcohol has become much more dangerous is Motor Vehicles so people just didn't have the the capacity to inflict harm on others in the way that we do once we're driving private Motor Vehicles so that's another way in which we need to be a lot more cautious about alcohol use especially in places outside of cities where it's safer in cities where you're just hopping on a bus or you're walking but once people are behind a wheel of of a very heavy very fast moving vehicle you should be much more concerned about alcohol so so I think mad was successful because they were able to connect this danger to viseral images of people young people dying of tragedies happening the the way to get people people to change their behavior is typically through emotions not through statistics or Reason and so that's why I think they they've been successful and so if you want to uh get people to drink in a more healthy fashion I think you've got to have modeling of that so you need to have uh so for instance adults I think you know as a as a parent if you want your kids to drink responsibly do you you know give them a pamphlet on drinking do you show them a video I think the best way to do it is to model responsible drinking for them and so for instance my my daughter is 14 and we have wine at dinner and I actually give her a bit to taste it to show you know and she's she's actually developing a pretty good palette she's uh last night she was like this got it's a little sweet I don't like the sweetness and it was a Mal she was totally right it had this kind of unpleasant unpleasant sweetness to it I think doing stuff like that helps kids realize that alcohol's not the this forbidden substance that if we get a hold of it we should just drink as much as possible it's just part of life it's part of enjoying the steak that you're eating it's part of um what you do around the dinner table and you drink in moderation you don't you don't drink to get drunk and I'm hoping that having that ballast of experiencing Southern drinking culture and she spent a lot of time in Italy so she's been around that drinking culture as well will help her when she gets to University where probably the most I think the most unhealthy drinking culture in the world is is North America North American University fraternity party where you have young people whose P so the psse doesn't develop fully until you're in your mid-20s so 24 or so so you have kids basically who still don't have fully developed prefrontal cortices yet doing shots of liquor and opaque plastic cups have no idea what they're drinking how much they're drinking in a scenario that has no really no ritual regulation uh no cultural norms really except to get drunk um that's about the most dangerous combination of things you could imagine and so um how do you protect your kids from that I think you've got to give them a different model if that's the only model of drinking that they have and then they learn it at University is going to be problematic and they're probably going to bring that problematic Behavior into their adult lives well you do write in the book about a trend that seems to be developing among some segment of the millennial and gen Z generation of of sober curious and sober bars is that the right approach it seemed to me like you were actually being a bit critical of them calling them technocratic and moralistic in their approaches yeah so there's a there is a kind of uh I call it a cheerful aestheticism there's a there is a suspicion of pleasure for pleasure's sake in some of this literature I think there's some great tips and takeaways so there's a book called mindful drinking by Rosa mandine that I found really helpful and her point is that we often drink habitually so we we get home from work and we pour oursel a glass of wine and we don't think do I actually want that glass of wine um do I need it we just drink it um so she she's arguing that if you're actually just every time you pour yourself a drink you think do I do I really want to have a drink you may sometimes say no and if you actually are mindful of what you're drinking as you're drinking it you're going to moderate your your drinking it's when you you're not paying attention that you drink faster so I think there's some great uh tips here there there are these sober bars that have popped up where people can go and socialize over virgin cocktails so non-alcoholic cocktails and that seems like a great idea because you're going to get a lot of the same Buzz you're going to get a lot of the same effects that you would get with alcohol without actually consuming alcohol so I think these are all these are all great tips um what I worry about is this kind of um Pur it's a kind of neop puritanism and I worry about it because it it it risks uh causing us to make bad decisions because we're not taking into account the fact that humans like pleasure and so the most of the book is me arguing making an evolutionary argument for the usefulness of alcohol pleasure can't be a part of that alcohol uh argument because uh Evolution doesn't care if we're happy or not it it it uses pleasure as a tool to get us to do things it wants us to do and yet we are not our genes uh we actually care a lot about pleasure and uh it should be a valid goal to to enhance our pleasure so so at the end of the book I'm I'm worried a little bit about being too instrumental too aesthetic too focused on functions all the time and allowing a bit of intoxication as as just pure pleasure to to have a role in our lives and I think I think we do need to preserve that as long as we're we're individuals who are able to drink in a healthy fashion but you you mentioned the pressures in the other direction not just from governments but from the medical Public Health communities really pushing people towards zero tolerance or zero consumption because of the cancer increases the heart increases and uh certainly the liver impacts is is that then not the right way to go the zero consumption no no because if you know I talk about this lanced article this relatively recent article that argues that there's no safe level of alcohol consumption and this is the problem so the public debate right now is distorted by the fact that we don't talk about the positive functional benefits of alcohol so we we know what all the costs are liver damage cancer drunk driving all these bad things we know that and on the other side what is there having fun or pleasure and if you're good to talk if that's all you're talking about in your your cost uh benefit analysis alcohol is going to lose fun is always going to lose when it's weighed against functional benefits if you look at it the way I'm arguing we should look at it in drunk on the other side of the equation are positive social benefits enhance creativity enhance bonding um enhance trust there our ways uh uh relaxation ability to um Elevate mood and help us adapt to um the type kind of lives we live in modern societies if you then on the other side of the equation have all of these positive functions you're in a position to make a more intelligent decision and and your decision may still be okay we've looked at the positive benefits we look at the costs we still think the costs are too high that's a rational decision to make but you need to make it with all of the data you need to make it knowing what all the positive functional benefits are and none of the medical literature this considers those it really looks at it purely from a physiological perspective and I I think that's the wrong way to look at it we were talking before we started taping about how some of the people who are interviewing you for this book are having fun with it inviting you on with alcohol consumption along the way to talk about the topic we should tell people we're not doing that here we're running on caffine caffeine only caffeine only um but I'm wondering yours is a very serious book it is a it it it has footnotes and it's well researched um are are you concerned that people aren't taking the topic seriously enough is and is that your intent a serious discussion of alcohol I think Al discussions of alcohol can can Veer into being superficial um so I do I think that what what drunk is doing is feeling an important intellectual Niche let's have a an evolutionarily grounded evidence grounded history grounded view of the role that alcohol has played in human society from the very Beginnings um from the beginning formation of civilization down to the present day and use that evidence-based account to think intelligently about what the role of alcohol should be in our present day lives and I don't pretend to to answer this question for individuals I think it it's an individual question if you have a propensity to alcoholism in your family that answer is going to be different than if you don't uh but it's it's we need to if we're going to make a a smart decision about how to use this very dangerous substance we need to have all the facts at our disposal and and that's what I was trying to do in drunk what would be the best possible outcome for you after this book is published and you're out talking about it do you anticipate being drawn into debates in different places against public health officials for example do you hope uh governments might ask you to testify what would be a good outcome so for instance you know I'm I live in British Columbia and we've had some pretty serious uh lockdowns and we're we're coming out of the most recent one now and our Public Health officer in BC Bonnie Henry is really great uh but I think that when she was for instance deciding what the restrictions on bars and restaurants would be she was thinking the way these Lancet uh article people she was thinking in purely physiological terms and she was seeing I think and economic terms so what would be the economic impact of of closing down for instance indoor dining I think if public officials start to think about socializing in bars and restaurants not as just kind of frivolous fund that uh helps the economy a little bit but actually as the center of the way humans have socialized since we've been human it's really at the center of Human Social ity people get weird without it if you take away the pub people start to get strange they become less productive they lose their social ties with other people so yeah I would I would hope that public officials this is a concrete very timely example when they're deciding about covid lockdowns and covid regulations they take seriously the positive social functions of bars and restaurants instead of just seeing them as kind of frivolous frivolous fun the book is called drunk how we sipped civilization the author Edward slingerland thank you so much for spending an hour with cpan thanks thanks for having me thanks for listening to c-span's Q&A And subscribe to us wherever you get your podcast so you'll never miss an episode and while you're there please take a minute to rate and review us you can also send us an email about Q&A at podcasts cens span.org send me your questions your comments or is your feedback is welcome

- Mindscape 160 | Edward Slingerland on Confucianism, Daoism, and Wu Wei: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone and welcome to the mindscape podcast i'm your host sean carroll many times here on mindscape we've had issues that dealt with philosophy right either explicitly about philosophy or talking about biology or physics or politics in a way that involved philosophy but almost always the kinds of philosophy that we talked about were based on the western tradition of philosophy the tradition that goes back to the ancient greeks socrates plato aristotle people like that we all know that's not the only tradition out there it is the tradition that i know the most about for better for worse so it's harder for me to lead an intelligent conversation about other areas but for a long time i thought that we should have a good conversation about eastern philosophy chinese philosophy in particular there was a very very active set of schools of philosophy in ancient china about the same time as aristotle and his friends were inventing greek philosophy the warring states period in particular was a period where you were inventing new ideas in confucianism taoism and other kinds of traditions so obviously these are huge topics much too much to talk about in one podcast in any comprehensive way but we're going to try to do it anyway today's guest is edward slingerland who is a distinguished university scholar and professor of philosophy at the university of british columbia so he's an expert in ancient chinese philosophy he's translated confucius the whole bit but one of the reasons why he's interesting to talk to is because he doesn't simply talk about that ancient philosophy for its own sake he relates it to modern ideas he tries to make the point that it is still a vibrant kind of set of ideas that relates in interesting ways to our current predicament as human beings and our current knowledge as scientists learning more about how we think how we act in the world in fact his most recent book is called drunk as in you've had a lot to drink you are now drunk the subtitle is how we sipped danced and stumbled our way to civilization so as i asked him maybe i shouldn't give it away no i probably will as i ask him in the podcast what does that have to do with ancient chinese philosophy well the answer lies in this idea that is in the title of the podcast episode of oo which is translated in various ways as either in action you know not doing anything but perhaps more accurately as effortless action as doing things in a way where you're not overly overthinking it right when you're in the zone when you're in that flow state rather than being a little bit too cognitive about what goes on that was a central preoccupation of both confucianism and taoism and other schools of ancient chinese thought it has a lot of resonance with modern ideas about meditation neuroscience etc and the reason that edward got into the history of alcohol and tipsiness was because this is a sort of artificial way to get to that not caring too much zone not being in too cognitive of a state to engage now the ancient chinese philosophers were a little bit more systematic they didn't say just go out there and get drunk they offered some advice for how to live better basically and i think that's one of the major differences between ancient greek philosophy and ancient chinese philosophy there's a lot of overlap they talk about very similar subjects both are abstract and often logical but the emphases are a little bit different and the greeks may be emphasized a little bit more system building and that the chinese emphasized a little bit more down-to-earth practicality how to get this done kind of stuff their philosophy was meant for people and how people live their lives so we're going to learn about that it's a lot to handle obviously i apologize for anyone out there who actually knows something about chinese philosophy will have a very superficial treatment but it's very educational for people like me who want to know and know almost nothing that's the kind of thing that we're here to do at the mindscape podcast so let's go [Music] edward slingerland welcome to the mindscape podcast thanks for having me now i have to start uh by apologizing for not being the world's best podcast host you have a new book out uh called drunk about alcohol and its historical cultural history and things like that so the typical thing would be for me to invite you on the podcast to talk about that yet i'm not doing that because for a while now i really wanted to talk more about ancient chinese philosophy uh because we already had shadi barch on the show talking about how chinese people read ancient greek philosophy plato and aristotle and so forth but we haven't really talked about the the chinese philosophy i know you're an expert in that but i thought that just to start i mean i want to know how it all fits together you've written a book about alcohol you've written scholarly work about ancient chinese philosophy you also have a web project on comparative religions and you've been involved in modern psychology and neuroscience and so forth do you think that all this work sort of falls an under umbrella does it have a theme or is it just what you happen to think is interesting at the time it all fits together if you squint and look at it from far enough away so there's a strange connection between my early chinese philosophy work and the latest book on alcohol so what i'm one of the themes that i'm interested in in early china is this idea of way or effortless action okay so i argue this is going all way back to my dissertation i argued that if you look at these other otherwise disparate appearing confusions in taoists and early china what they all have in common is they want to get you into the spiritual state that's called which literally means no doing or no trying no striving but i translate it as it's a state where you you lose a sense of yourself as an agent you lose a sense of time um it's a lot like you know it's like being in the zone and i talk about parallels with chicks uh mihai chiksumi hai's idea flow it's not dissimilar from flow they think if you can get into this state everything's gonna work out you will solve problems you'll be creative uh people will like you so you get this if you get into a way you get this power that comes with it that unfortunately in modern mandarin it's pronounced duh comber simpson exactly let me let me always love this since this is an audio podcast in english uh and we're gonna be using a lot of ancient chinese words uh maybe when possible let's spell them just so people can yeah so these are these are the only two chinese terms i think we'll need to know so ooway is w-u-w-e-i okay and then duh is just d-e good so this is it's sometimes translated as virtue with a capital v i prefer something like charismatic virtue or charismatic power okay it's uh when you when you get into a state of way they have a the early chinese have a theological explanation for why these two things hold together so they think you get into uwa you're following oh sorry one the other term you're following the dao right so uh used to be spelled tao with wade giles romanization now we spell it dao using pinyon but same word you're in harmony with the dao heaven this kind of supernatural agent likes you you're doing what heaven wants and so heaven gives you this power that allows you to be successful so if you're a confucian it's the power that makes people want to obey and follow you even without being forced they just admire you and they flock from all over to follow you if you're a taoist it's what allows you to move through the world skillfully you yeah you relax people around you you help them uh just the your presence makes them relax and they become more in in the dow and so you kind of uh you give other people little bits of your duh in this contagious way that's interesting so um i got interested in this just from a historical perspective so in my dissertation i argued that the the centrality of this metaphor the state metaphorical state can explain lots of other things that early chinese thought uh so the the central they face attention they have this they want you to get into a state of spontaneity they want you to be relaxed and to not try but how do you consciously try to not try yeah how can you consciously try to be spontaneous when you know that that's the key to success so you're in a situation where you know you have to relax and how do you try to do that and so i argued in my dissertation and then later in my first academic book on this topic that uh i call this the paradox of way how do you try not to try it's a direct paradox you can't it is a genuine paradox you can't solve it later on when i wrote a trade book about this so my first trade book's called try not to try i just i point out how just cognitively it's a paradox because you're you're activating the part of your brain that you're trying to shut down when you're trying not to try it's a lot like the the paradox dan wagner the late dan wagner talked about with a don't think of a white bear right if i say that to you you think i've activated the concept right uh i have to i have to tell you to share this wonderful story you told in your ted talk about mind ball oh yes of mine ball yeah so this is i love this game because it it takes that tension and boils it down to just the the smallest space possible so you know mine ball is as you two ends of a table you've got this metal ball in between you and the goal is to push the metal ball to the other end of the table and it falls in some hole and when it does that you win but of course the trick is you're pushing it with your mind and you're hooked up to so the way it works is you're hooked up to eeg monitor and it's measuring alpha and theta waves so that's the the signature your brain kicks off when you're relaxed when you're you're not trying and the more the way the game is set up the more alpha and theta waves you produce the more force you exert on the so the way to win at mind ball is to not try to win that's genius and it's it's genius it's a per and it's a perfect uh microcosm of this tension right and the the first time i played it i was like oh i do i'm a professor of chinese philosophy i'm going to be great at this um and i played against the neuroscientists who ran the exhibit and she kicked my ass she was so good at it it's funny because i started out um i had my eyes closed and i could hear you could hear the ball moving around so you know something's happening and i opened my eyes and i was winning so the ball was mostly down to the other end of the table and i thought oh i'm winning i am pretty good at this as soon as i thought that it started rolling back toward me and then i started panicking and i was like yeah way way relaxed and it just didn't it didn't work um and she said she just developed tricks to win at this game so she would just as soon as the game started she would think about her favorite vacation on this beach and remembering what it was like to lie in the sand um but this is a great you know it was and it's so what i argue in the trade book actually is this is a attention we face in our lives all the time where um you're on a first date and you know that to make a good impression you should be charming and relaxed and you know feel confident but how do you do that if you're not feeling that way yeah um and then professional athletes and performers know that they perform at their best when they're relaxed in the zone and they live in constant fear of choking right they live in constant fear of that feeling i had when the ball started rolling back toward me and i was like oh i'm not a new way i got to get back in a way so this is a it's a real tension and what the early chinese do is come up with various techniques for kind of doing an end run around the tension you know meditate sit like this and count your breaths um do rituals so the confusions give you rituals to do and the idea is that the repetition of that you'll start to internalize certain values and they'll become spontaneous eventually so there's a lot of different ways they develop to get around the tension that i think are helpful but in one of these texts that the juan's one of these early taoist texts so z is in current opinion it's a z h u a n g zi zhuangzu um little known dallas everyone knows about laozi and the dao da jing but juan's was much more interesting um at one point compares the taoist sage to a drunken person so he tells a story about someone's going home from a party they're really drunk they're riding on a cart and they fall off and yet they're not hurt they just kind of roll with it and he says you know they didn't know that they were riding they don't know that they've fallen out their spirit was whole and it's clear at the end he he's using this as a metaphor he says if you can make your spirit whole in this way by means of of wine how much more so can you do it with heaven because he wants you to be drunk on heaven he wants you to be drunk on the spiritual force but that made me that analogy made me start thinking about alcohol as a cultural technology what if it's the case that cultures cultures are aware that there's this tension that spontaneity or being open is key to attaining certain goals that are important for the culture and it's hard to consciously make yourself spontaneous so maybe one way around the tension is to use this chemical substance to short circuit the paradox you instead of trying with your mind to shut down your mind you're taking a chemical and turn down your prefrontal cortex a few notches so that's what got me interested in alcohol as so i'm interested in spontaneity and trust that's an overarching theme that uh has to do with why i got interested in chinese philosophy in the first place and alcohol actually is not as wild to departure from that as it might seem oh yeah suddenly it makes perfect sense and it fits in with a lot of themes we've talked about on the podcast in other episodes about conscious versus unconscious thought right system one versus system two cognitive things and and making certain processes more unconscious is often a success strategy right if you have to think about it too much you're gonna fail yeah and so that's what's distinctive about early chinese philosophy that appealed to me uh is that they it's if you want to think of it this way they're a system one ethics they're they're virtue ethicists and virtue ethics roughly is this idea that the way to get virtue ethics roughly is a system one ethics as opposed to the dominant enlightenment models which are totally dependent on system two so the dominant models of ethics in the west are deontology and utilitarianism and what they have in common is they're both cognitive control system two models so and if you're kant you what's the right thing to do you stop you apply the categorical imperative and that tells you what the right thing to do and then you force yourself to do it top-down cognitive control if you're a utilitarian what's the right thing to do you stop you measure the values of the different options you do the math and then you force yourself to do the one that maximizes payoff yeah so again a system two cognitive control basis the step in which you do the math is not very system one it's not very unconscious yeah yeah it's it's that's that's one of the central flaws i would argue with the utilitarian the idea that there's some kind of metric that's universal to values i think is absurd and i think yeah what you would point out is that that that step of assigning value is a fully system one thing and that's that's where it's not utilitarianism isn't what utilitarians think it is um but so as opposed to those two virtue ethics is the idea that uh the way you determine what the right thing to do is is spontaneously know what the right thing to do is the virtuous person in in a situation that calls for a given virtue will just know how to do it and when and when virtues are in tension so let's say fairness is in tension with empathy uh they'll know how to negotiate that tension intuitively because they've they've internalized these virtues and norms and they can do it in a way fashion basically they do it in the spontaneous way i've loved sharing all that i've learned and taught at the great courses plus over the years and i've heard fantastic feedback from many of the listeners who've signed up too now the great courses plus has become wondriam that's w-o-n-d-r-i-u-m everything you loved about the streaming service and so much more i recommend for example checking out understanding economics game theory this is one of the one dream courses that help you understand game theory which is something we've talked about here on the podcast and are going to talk about more in the future it's a story of economics and mathematics and decision making that is relevant to business politics relationships and more but that's not all one dream has thousands of hours of fascinating mind-blowing video and audio content to explore i know you're going to love wondering as much as i do use the special urls they know we sent you from here go to onerium.com mindscape for a limited time sign up and you get a free month trial of unlimited access that's w-o-n-d-r dot com slash mindscape again one dream dot com slash mindscape so i have a very silly version of this that you know might resonate with some listeners or even you which is the progressive rock version of this bill brewford who's a famous drummer uh for yes one of the great progressive rock groups and eventually quit and joined king crimson instead and the reason why he gave was literally that uh when he was in yes like it was great you know he was having a good time but it was just everything was planned and they would hyper figure out like what note should be in what key during what part of the solo and right be told what to do and he said he went to king crimson and just you play you're just supposed to know what to play and there are no instructions given and that's very much like the sort of because a lot of the progressive rock musicians were classically trained it's very much the classical music music versus jazz music sort of uh ethos in some sense right right but you know the jazz so i talk about jazz and and try not to try you are just kind of playing what you want to play but if you're not trained if you're not trained that thing you're going to play is stupid right it's gonna sound terrible so the only way you can solo my my uh former brother-in-law is a jazz pianist in rome oh okay and he you know he plays very experimental jazz and it's all about soloing and improv but he practices like several hours a day you know and his ability to improv is completely dependent on his classical training and and all of the work he's put into it so you know it's jazz values that spontaneity but it's because in some ways it's hiding all the work that went into the getting there well yeah that is a an issue that came up with me whenever i sort of um come into contact with taoism in particular but maybe also other kinds of chinese philosophy so i want to dig into that but but uh we've already talked about several of the schools of thought etc i mean let's let's give the road map to our listeners like uh if is it okay to think of confucianism and taoism as like the two polls of this or is it more complicated than that where did it all start all those things two minutes you got it yeah two minutes all over chinese philosophy in two minutes yeah uh there's there's several schools i study the whirring states period right so my specialty is you know roughly fifth through 3rd century bce and this is the golden age of chinese philosophy it's when all the native schools kind of got going and um and then when china gets unified i lose interest it gets really boring it's really boring after that um but this is an exciting period so the the players are roughly uh the confucians so there's confucius the supposed founder we just have record of his teachings um and and very roughly speaking we can say they're the school of trying so they think that the way you get to uwa is by training they think that you're incomplete by nature and what you need is cultural training and so they have these very elaborate rituals they have classical learning so you have to memorize these classical texts and the idea is that these there there was this perfect for confucius there was this perfect culture the western joe that was lost and he happens to live in this state where the records of that culture were preserved and he thinks the problem with his contemporaries is they've lost the way they don't they don't follow this cultural way anymore and the solution is lifelong training and ritual and music and poetry and the idea is you reshape yourself the goal is to reach you away but it's going to be a take it's going to take you a lifetime to do that so confucius didn't get there until age 70. he's got this autobiography where he says you know what when i age 15 i set my heart on learning and then i learned ritual and then and then at age 70 he says i could follow my heart's desire without transgressing the bounds so that's when he's reached a state of a way and it sounds like enlightenment in yes but it's not yeah i wouldn't put it that way exactly it's a state where you're basically you've reshaped your system one so thoroughly that it just accords with this external normative culture okay perfectly in a way that you don't have to think about you can now run on autopilot um and you'll be you'll do everything the right um so that's roughly the the kind of classical confusion position there's a confucian named menchus who tries to so let me tell you about the taoist first and there's someone who kind of tries to split the difference so the taoists on the other hand say if you want to be spontaneous and natural and culture is deadly and training is deadly so you need to so the first of these figures laozi thinks that the reason everyone agrees that everything sucks right now they're in the warring states everyone's fighting with each other literally right yeah or you know it's it's a standard thing word the current world is terrible right um they all think we can get back to some golden age that used to exist for laozi we do that by getting rid of culture so he thinks that learning and trying are the enemy and that if you become a confusion and you train in the rituals and you learn the classics you're just going to become a hypocrite you'll be able to go through the motions but you'll you won't be genuinely virtuous and so i call him he's a primitivist he wants us to get back to the supposedly natural lifestyle of living in small-scale communities low-tech in the trade book i described them as the warring states hippies they're basically yeah it's a lot like the counter culture movement in the 60s let's get back to nature get rid of technology warfare is bad it's all caused by consumerism and greed um very similar insights in the in the dodging um then the second of the so-called taoists they weren't a self-recognized school but it's a helpful label is this guy juan's and he similar he thinks like laozi that trying's bad training and culture can mess you up but he assumes this has all already happened to us and what we have to do is learn how to not he thinks that escaping to a primitive utopia is an example of trying that actually by doing that we're falling into the trap of thinking that we can make ourselves good and so he thinks what we need to do is just make our minds empty so that we can respond to reality as it really is in front of us he thinks normally we're using our mind and categories and so we're not seeing the world we're seeing linguistic categories projected onto the world but if we can get beyond language and concepts he thinks we can actually perceive the world directly and when we can do that we'll respond perfectly we'll be free of hang-ups we'll be free of all the consumerism and stuff that laozi was worried about but we do it not by setting up a new type of community we're going to do it so that zhuangzi and sage doesn't necessarily look from the outside any different from a confusion okay they're doing confucius stuff but they've now internally kind of changed their attitude toward the world and that's what makes them free so that's that's his goal and then in between is this guy menchus who um thinks that we have the beginnings of virtue in us or our our nature is potentially good so all the confucian virtues he thinks don't come from the joe dynasty he thinks they come from inside of us mentis thinks we have all the confusion virtues in an incipient form inside of us and all we need to do is cult is help them grow so he uses his agricultural metaphors so we're trying to kind of strengthen our sprouts he calls them sprouts and we're trying to strengthen them and grow them into true virtues and so we need to try but not too hard because we don't want to be like the farmer from song who pulled on his sprouts because he was impatient they weren't growing fast enough so he went out pulled on them and pulled them out of the ground it was a mistake as an agriculturalist so um so he kind of is splitting the difference and then we also have um some consequentialists some hardcore system two only consequentialists who think that all this virtue ethics stuff is is dangerous and sloppy and what we need is a systematic way to determine what's right and wrong by measuring consequences and then we can do the right thing and then we have some legalists too these people who who really were interested in just ordering the state who believed the key was you know harsh legal codes enforced consistently following rules i love the idea that the name legalism would be a good marketing ploy like that just doesn't sound like a philosophy that anyone is going to clamor to get behind yeah the school the school of regulations that's essentially what they recall so yeah yeah can we talk a little bit about so it's a very complex time yeah no clearly and i i was it's also very early time so i was going to ask just briefly about the historicity of all these folks whose names we are dropping i mean i'm pretty sure mencius existed i'm less clear about the others uh i mean what do we know about them and and could you possibly relate that very charming story of how lauta actually wrote his book yeah so the the probably the least historical i would say is laozi so his name literally means the old master so if you're gonna write a book and put a name on it that would make people read it that's what you would do um you know the old wise guy wrote this so the standard story is you know he was a historical figure and he studied ritual with confucius but then realized it was wrong and decided to go off and write this book or he decided to go off and be just be in touch with the dao and then the historic the the traditional story is he was going to india he decided to leave china because china was so messed up on on his way out a border official said to him i won't let you leave until you write down your teachings and so this is why we have the book because you know laotz is very reluctant to use words but he was forced to by this border official and that's why we have the dota record of his writings um and then off of the story goes on that he went to india he became the buddha oh good and that's why when buddhism came into china around the beginning of the common era it looked a lot like taoism and the chinese explanation was well of course because we embedded it and exported it to india so yeah so that's almost certainly not true i think the the dow de jing book the loud sub book was probably put together by a community of these primitivists and we we have we have hints of them in the end of the analytics the the writings of the teachings of confucius we have these interesting encounters at the end of the analytics where um confucius is running into these people who are living primitive lifestyles and actually absurdly primitive lifestyles like they're not using technologies that exist they're self-consciously you know like one example is that someone's pulling a plow by themselves and they had oxygen yeah like that's what a normal farmer would be using and then when confucius stops and questions them they quote from the odes this classical book of poetry and they know who confucius is so these are clearly not normal farmers they're they're educated elites who have dropped out and gone back to the countryside and withdrawn from society um are we pretty sure that confucius existed as a person and wrote the things that we think he wrote his book so the analytics that is the record of his teachings is not written by him it's really just a it's a collection of teachings so it's um encounters between him and disciples or stories about things he did um he probably existed and i think that um the at least the first half of the the analytics this book we have books one through ten is probably early whirring states and does a pretty good job of recording his teachings i mean both soccer teams right both socrates and jesus did a pretty good job of being influential despite never writing anything down right if you get the right rules very similar to them right so it's it's records of these supposed teachings okay but then some of these other texts like the uh the menchus you know certainly the shenzhou which is a late warring states confusion text um were written by individuals who okay probably really existed there's even a legend of a story that lauta and confucius met at one point right yeah so supposedly there's a one legend is that loud so uh or confucius was studying ritual with laozi as one version or loud suicide ritual with confucius and then realized that this was the wrong way to do it there's all sorts of myths that arose around these figures um and it's it's even more complicated because confucius also pops up and lots of early texts delivering he pops into a scene and delivers some teachings and then leaves and you know was that confucius really did he really say that so there's lots of stories built up around them that are almost certainly not historically super accurate we can't do everything we want to from home but one thing we can do is exercise with peloton you'll have a workout experience like no other without ever leaving home one of my favorite aspects of peloton is not only that you have bike classes where you're cycling your heart out but there are full body workouts you get on and off of the bike with themes from cardio strength yoga pilates and more one of the greatest and most obvious things about peloton is the curated music selection they have epic artist collaborations and instructor curated playlists so the music experience is unlike any other whether you're in the mood for hip hop pop or country the peloton bike has the right music to keep you entertained and motivated all year long with the peloton bike there's nothing like working out from home learn more at onepeloton.com new members can try peloton classes free for 30 days at one peloton.com app terms apply that's o n e p e l o t o n dot com and it's is it's kind of amazing at least to me but maybe i don't know a common causal uh force going on here but these people are working at roughly the same time as plato and aristotle and their friends in ancient greece right uh he's very far apart by ancient world standards but the time to invent huge new philosophical school of thoughts was clearly then yeah so there's this interesting it's not just ancient greece and china it's also when zarasper was teaching it's probably around the period of the historical buddha when some of these early schools of indian thought were getting going and so there was this german thinker named carl jaspers who was very impressed by this and came up with this idea of the axial age that it was around this time that i mean he had a very kind of hegelian metaphysical story about this it's like when the human geist the human spirit became self-conscious finally you know we were kind of grinding along as animals and then we kind of woke up um so his his metaphysical story is probably false but there is something to this idea of an axial age and i think it probably has to do with just um cult you know agriculture gets started and spreads around the world um not exactly at the same time but it really starts to ramp up around the same time and once you get enough wealth and complexity you start to have people whose jobs can be like ours right you know to sit around and think and roll drugs yeah yeah and so i think it's really just a function of around the same time you got enough uh excess wealth that it could support parasites like us who aren't actually doing useful productive work but we're thinking about stuff and right and writing that stuff down right right yeah i know exactly so let me just uh focus in so our audience and and me uh have a as clear a picture of possible what's going on with the different schools so confucianism i think kind of makes sense to the western mind even if not a lot of westerners uh become confucianists in their old age but the idea that uh there are rituals and ceremonies and our social role is cr very important and um you know learning is important and things like that that's this is virtue is is a way of acting in the world with other people right i mean these are all there's appropriate social roles these are all sort of confusion ideas yeah yeah yeah but but taken quite strongly uh at least for confucius you you can't think without culture so he really thinks culture is forming the basis of your thought which i find my students really struggle with sometimes because they tend to think that they think of things on their own like oh i had these great ideas and this is where i think confucianism is a corrective to some kind of modern western views of the self so so where the confucian view is contradicting i think our standard modern western view of the self is he's he's dubious about the power of reason unguided by culture he's he's uh dubious about the power of individual creativity he doesn't think that people really come up with something completely new they're just kind of reworking older stuff which i think is probably true um he also thinks that you as who you are as a person is inextricably bound up with your social roles it's not just that you sean are this fully formed human being and then you happen to be these other roles as well who you sean are is structured by those roles that you play and that you've played in the past and that you will play in the future okay and so and so you you don't really have a meaningful self outside the context of your social roles so it's a fairly strong view of the importance of social roles yeah no that is a little deeper a little stronger than i was putting it when i said you know westerners can understand it i think that sort of the questions being asked here uh where what is our place in society what is our role vis-a-vis the ancestors and our family and so forth are questions that we already value even if the answers are a little bit different but but what do you what you're saying if i can sort of say it back and you can correct me is confucianism is very much against what we might think of as the enlightenment individualistic way of looking at the world that the world is not a collection of individuals it's something there's a higher level of emergent structure that is at least as important as determining the individuals there's some downward causation going on there yeah and and also the other kind of anti-enlightenment thing part of it is anti-enlightenment individualism it's also anti-enlightenment anti-traditionalism so you know the enlightenment's all about you know waking up and not believing something because the priest told you but figuring it out under on your own and you know then the paradigmatic example of that is descartes right sitting down by himself in front of a fire and doubting everything demon down to his own existence and then you know lo and behold from kojito ergosum he's able to build up the entire body of human knowledge including the catholic church he gets the catholic church back just through the power of his individual reason right and confucius would think that's absurd that we're we're in the same way that your social role was really deeply shaping who you are as a person tradition shapes the way you think and the idea that you could just be like descartes and independently reproduce all of that on your own is is delusional one of the things that is appealing about descartes project even if you don't agree with his specific steps along the way is that he's really looking for certainty right you know absolute metaphysical grounding that you can't argue against once you appreciate it is it is there some sense in which either confucianism or chinese philosophy more generally is a bit more fallibilistic and a bit more you know uh we're working towards something rather than here is the once and for all final foundation yeah that's an interesting way to put it i hadn't thought of it that way confucius thinks that that the western joe culture is perfectly good and captures everything all the truths of the world so in the in a way okay he thinks there was a period of time when people had figured everything out and there's suggestions that it may have even been revealed by heaven so it was a kind of divine revelation of the system shunza is more you call him more of a fallibilist i would think in that he thinks that humans invented the confucian way okay and they did it over time uh they basically there was a series of these kind of cultural geniuses who cobbled together the confucian way for functional purposes because it helped us live in large-scale societies and be harmonious and and um he's got an interesting uh description of the state of nature that looks a lot like hobbs where he says you know human desires are limitless resources are limited and so that's a recipe for disaster so how do we deal with that we've got to learn how to restrain desires and reshape them and the confucian way is the perfect way to do that so he thinks it's actually a kind of artifact that was constructed by people over a period of time he thinks it perfect it works perfectly so he's also like yeah the confusion is the only way to be but in his model there's some openness to change right so if the environment changed conditions changed new sage kings could arise who would innovate and kind of fix the confusion way so it would fit the new structure whose view are we giving now this is shinzo so x-u-n-z-i opinion and he's the he's the end of the whirring states confucian who believes he's the true inheritor of confucius himself and who thinks that menchus is kind of a pseudo-taoist poser and he's probably eddie's right i think am i am i right in putting them in the slots of ventius was uh emphasizing the intrinsic good of human beings and was the other person's name emphasizing that they're flawed in various ways and we had to fix that they're bad they're bad so i mean the famous the slogans that go with the two of them is with uh mench's shinshon human nature is good and and then shunza wrote a chapter called human nature is bad and fair enough you know and his i think shinzo's formulations truer to the original confucian vision okay that humans don't basically humans don't have internal moral resources we're not born with any kind of intuitions that would lead us to morality we have to learn morality from the outside from tradition and our teachers and texts that we inherit and he would have said that then mencius is just a taoist in confucian clothing yeah okay and uh if i think about the taoists then it seems very roughly that as opposed to the confusion focus on society and people and relations the taoists are much more focused on nature and i don't want to say individualism but at least you know your personal uh way of going through the world yeah yeah so so with laozi it seems like he's the social unit is the family so you kind of go back to living in these little villages and maybe you have a family he talks a lot about the importance of family but it's natural relations not all this filial piety that the confucians talk about uh zhuangz on the other hand is the closest to an individualist that you get in early china okay uh he was probably influenced by this other philosopher young zhu who we don't uh y-a-n-g and then his last name is zhu we don't unfortunately we don't know much about young jew we lost there was a book that recorded his teachings that we lost and so almost everything we know about him is from his enemies like menchus who hated him uh but he seems to have been an individual he he was like you know the the big the greatest value in the world is to preserve your own life and live out your natural lifespan and to experience pleasure if that means you don't serve as an official if that means that you don't engage in public life so be it you know go off and live in the woods by yourself so juan's is much more that style of individual individual perfection yeah and he doesn't seem to have any kind of big story about how you're going to change society or live in society and one thing that we have to at least try to do um there's a famous saying that the doubt that cannot be spoken is not the truth that can be spoken it's not the true dao but still it'd be nice if we could explain what this word means a little bit dao right yeah is it possible to explain it even though it can't be said yeah that's i mean that's the dow da jing right so they're suspicious of language they're worried about trying to get trapped in any kind of linguistic formulation the the concept itself is pretty simple it literally means way like a road that's the original meaning of it and it continues in classical warring states classical chinese it's still used in that literal sense but it comes to mean probably confu the analects is the first time is used in this philosophical metaphysical sense um it's the right way to do something and it becomes in the analects almost like a metaphysical reality like the way the universe is so this is the sense so sometimes heaven and the way are used interchangeably or they're used as part of a compound tiendal the way of heaven so um that's the basic meaning of way it's a it's a it can mean it can also mean teaching so like confucius will talk about um you know my way being manifested in the world and by that he means his is it [Laughter] to the western ear once again you know i'm sort of being judgey here of brilliant people from thousands of years ago but um when i read about taoism you know there's some wisdom there clearly it's very very interesting but part of me wants to say like it is just hippie back to nature stuff like what about you know making the world a better place what about you know struggling against things that are bad in the world like where did where does that come in is that a is that a valid reaction to have or am i just missing something deeper in what they're saying that's a that's a totally valid reaction to have the i think the central criticism of say juansa is he's got no story about social justice or how you would help the world in his defense so if i were to defend him he would say you wanted to you want to make the world a better place so you you know support oxfam and you join this political party that's gonna make things better and he would say you're just gonna screw things up actually the way you make things better is by you getting in touch with the dao okay and then when you do that you're gonna have this kind of ripple effect on the people around you so if you really let's say you suddenly got into away or let's say i suddenly got into huawei so i'm somehow now a taoist sage which i most certainly am not but thought experiment i have i have this powerful duh this charisma now you and i talk and you're uh whatever um effective altruists you think you're gonna give away your kidney and do all this great stuff for the world but through my power i will make you realize that that's misguided or you're gonna just do more harm that way and i'm going to make you more relaxed and more in touch with your nature and so then we're going to get off this call and you're going to go interact with some people and now you're going to be more relaxed and natural and so you're going to make them more relaxed and natural so you could argue that he's got this kind of person-to-person very slow transformation model of how the world's going to become a better place and he thinks that if you try to do it directly and consciously you're almost certainly going to screw it up you're going to make it worse that is helpful i mean i do see that that's at least a strategy i think there's an empirical question about whether it's an effective strategy whether or not exactly yeah yeah that's an empirical issue yeah but i mean maybe it goes into or at least it's rubbed shoulders with theories of non-violent resistance or something like that you know there's something like that it it fits with people who are skeptical of movements right who are skeptical of large-scale attempts to um impose a vision of how the world should be on the world and am i again in his uh favor am i right to recall that taoism actually gives women and men more or less equal status unlike almost all the other schools of thought in any part of the world at that time yeah i i wouldn't go that far would i so so uh the dao da jing uses female metaphors of the female to get across its point so the dao de jing says people want to be strong but really you should value weakness people want to be bright you should value darkness it thinks that in going for these values you actually end up subverting them and turning them into their opposite it's because the solution is to be weak but it's a quote-unquote weak right you're being weak in the same way that a martial artist who's doing jiu jitsu is being weak right they're giving way in order to be effective and so in that context they talk about the male and the female so everyone values the male but you should value the female if you're a taoist because the female is passive is dark um is the valley as opposed to you know the mountains so it's is that feminism it's saying that there's you know essentially something that women are like and it's weakness but that you know we could model ourselves on that i'm not sure i'd call that like second generation feminism but but in practice were there is that in practice were there female taoist sages or was it still more or less a guy's club it was mostly a guy's club but it's hard to say because men were primarily the literate ones we do know that later on when taoism becomes an organized religion there are female devotees and but they're also doing stuff like once they get into these physical practices they're doing sexual practices for instance where they need to uh have sex with a string of virgins but hold their essence in um and that doesn't seem like super like uh feminist activity you know these are elite men who are uh you know it's always like jeffrey epstein but uh i presume it was not female devotees having sex with a string of male virgins yeah we don't hear we don't hear about that don't hear about that side of the story okay i think i think it's i think it's overblown the extent to which they're friendlier but inherently they are because they don't believe in the traditional hierarchies yeah okay whereas confucianism believes that you know the male female distinction is part of the structure of the universe basically men are in public life women are in private life that's the way it should be well and in fact um i gave that was a little bit of a hard time for being quietest about social justice but presumably confucianism is just as vulnerable to that kind of criticism yeah and you know they're not as bad as aristotle you can give them that so for you know for aristotle women and slaves were just not really fully human right confucian women they're not supposed to be in public life but they're definitely fully human and one so people who have been trying to emphasize you know maybe we got the beginnings of some feminism we can retrieve out of confucianism point out that women do appear in stories where they're basically men are doing something wrong they're not being they're not living up to the confusion way and the mom or the wife pops in and quotes from the odes and says you're not doing the right thing and the man is shamed and does the right thing and she goes back to the house so she's not doing anything herself but at least women if not active moral agents in the world can reason morally in the same way men can so that's something when hiring gets hard you need indeed the job site that makes hiring incredibly simple just attract interview and hire with indeed you can do all your hiring in one place including the interviewing so you don't just hope that the perfect candidate will find you indeed's hiring tools help you cut through the noise to hire faster and smarter indeed instant match provides a list of quality candidates whose resumes are on indeed the moment you post a sponsor job and with indeed assessments you can choose from 135 skills tests to help make sure you're finding applications from people with the skills you need according to talent nest indeed delivers four times more hires than all other job sites combined so get started right now for a seventy five dollar sponsored job credit to upgrade your job post at indeed.com mindscape that's a 75 credit at indeed.com mindscape indeed.com mindscape offer valid through september 30th terms and conditions apply i mean you said something very briefly there that is worth teasing out when taoism turned more into a religion uh my impression is again correct me if i'm wrong is that these really were philosophical schools to start in the similar way as plato and aristotle would have been but plato and aristotle didn't turn into religions as far as i know but in some sense confucianism and daoism did and buddhism of course yeah i'm a little worried i yeah maybe it was speaking loosely when i said that i really should have said when it turned into a popular religious practice um i think that the these early schools of thought are religious i think that all pre-modern philosophy is religious if you look at plato or aristotle they have religious world views and they're formulating their ethics in terms of these religious world views i think this distinction between philosophy and religion is a product of the enlightenment it's a relatively recent development you know it's an enlightenment conceit that we could talk about values in a way that's completely divorced from ontological or metaphysical commitments yeah and so i'm a little leery of talking about philosophy versus religion in that sense but it's definitely the case that these were these were very philosophically oriented religious and and some of them like taoism became these more technical practices that were aimed at things like immortality personal immortality and things like that or controlling the world in various ways well i guess to me that does sound like a question that is legitimate to ask even if the distinction between philosophy and religion was not so much of a distinction back in the day um what was their metaphysics and ontology were they uh to what extent were they naturalist versus theist i mean they talk about heaven and god all the time but it's never clear whether it's just part of a story and a metaphor or whether it's you know more or less uh as real as a monotheistic western god would be i i think that confucius the historical confucius when he talks about heaven it's pretty full-blooded anthropomorphic being heaven gets angry heaven can abandon him he actually complains at one point because heaven seems to have abandoned him good i think it's a pretty full-blooded anthropomorphic being when you get to the end of the whirring states and a thinker like juan's the heaven becomes just this kind of force it doesn't really have a personality anymore and then when you get to shenzhen i think is at least that i know of he's the first i'd argue the first atheistic thinker and you could argue that his system is maybe philosophical and not religious in the sense that he's not relying on any kind of justification for he really thinks that uh the confucian way was created by humans for humans to uh and he's a virtue ethicist but his his just meta justification for the confucian way is kind of utilitarian he's like we have a state of nature we got to figure out how to make it work confucianism does that the best in the most efficient way so he arguably is the closest to an atheistic philosopher we have in the warring interesting okay yeah i think that that is a fact that i used to know and then forgot i think i might even have mentioned it in my book the big picture now that you're saying all those words it's sort of coming back to me because i was looking into the history of naturalism there are various moments when it sort of came and then kind of got got crushed a little bit but um yeah he never it never took off yeah but it's interesting because he still advocates for religious practice because he's got he's got this very durkheimian view of how of the function of ritual so he there's a famous passage where he says uh we do the rain prayer what happens it's going to rain or it's not going to rain doing the rain prayer doesn't affect the rain at all um so should we get rid of the rain prayer absolutely not we should keep doing it that's right so why do we do it because it brings people together everyone sits in their hierarchical place and so they get a visual representation of where they sit in the social hierarchy they reaffirm their commitment to the ruler and to the way so he's got this functional story about religious ritual where he wants he wants people to keep doing it but he says the the common person is going to continue to think that we're doing it to make it rain the gentleman his peers his educated peers know that we're it's going to rain or it's not going to rain there's no has no efficacy except social we're doing it for these social reasons so he's got this really interesting functional role i kind of like that but it also makes me think that we've not made any progress in the last 2 500 years and you're like yeah students already said that something has become clear in many of the examples you've given is a stylistic difference that maybe i'm perceiving correctly or incorrectly between the chinese and the greeks in this era namely like they were the the chinese well so let me let me back up to mention the only one of these texts i've actually been uh exposed to directly is the zhuangza which is through the cartoon book that you wrote the uh preface for why don't you mention that because everyone should read these books yeah that's a great that cartoon is great and is it the and there's a series of them right yeah yeah he did all the classics in cartoon form that is so when i lived in taiwan i read these in chinese um and i remember thinking oh when i get back to the states i want to translate these and brian bruya my colleague beat me to it so i just wrote the preference to his cartoon but he did a really he did a really nice job what was the cartoonist name again uh uh what's his his surname's tsai i'm trying to remember his given name now i'll look it up for the show notes but um yeah prince princeton university press has put out the juanzo one but anyway the uh the point being that it's full of stories and metaphors and parables or whatever you want to call it in a in a more literary vein than i would think of aristotle talking of course plato did his dialogues but usually those were just excuses for the characters to give kind of speeches extended speeches yeah we're not very metaphorical sometimes he had the metaphors in there um is this you know can we think about the differences between ancient chinese philosophy and ancient greek philosophies is that a legitimate difference between them and how meaningful is that difference i wouldn't exaggerate the meaningfulness of it so i've spent some portion of my career arguing against this view of china being metaphorical and kind of holistic and thinking in images and greek based western culture being analytic and abstract and um it's humans are humans we all think in metaphors i mean i've spent a chunk of my career doing cognitive linguistic stuff you know kind of lake of johnson and blending theory so humans think in images that's how we think um i think a legitimate way to put it would western philosophers were not super comfortable with that like they had this idea that we could get away from images and actually really figure things out literally in an abstract way and that that should be the goal of philosophy we should come up with an abstract representation of reality that would be to the extent possible stripped of metaphor and that would actually be a literal representation of the world whereas the confusions and and i think this is true of early chinese thinkers in general uh were more pragmatic they thought the goal of philosophy was to get people to live well and to make society function well and you used whatever tools necessary to make that happen they weren't really so um if you want to think of it in terms of gilbert rile's distinction between knowing that versus knowing how right um there's there is a sense in which chinese philosophy valued know-how and ability to live well and they prize that over abstract accounts of the world yeah i mean that's very good i'm glad you said that because that is the impression i got so it's not completely fake and as you say it's probably matters of degree rather than completely absolutely no because you have western thinkers right who were i mean aristotle was about know-how right he was training you to be a virtuous person and a you know phronesis practical reason can't be codified you just have it or you don't so it is a it's a classic kind of know-how with all those warnings in place if i were to take this distinction and run with it further than probably i should i mean i can't help but come at this from the point of view of a theoretical physicist who does all of those things you said the greeks wanted us to do inventing abstract representations of the world um is it possible that that sort of greek predilection paved the way for uh an abstract scientific view of the world and helped science catch on in that way but maybe at the same time it is not as good at living as human beings in the world along the way yeah that's possible there's been loads of books over the decades on this right the greek origins of science and you know for a long time it was a big cottage industry trying to just explain why science didn't arise in china because they were technologically way more advanced in the west for a very long time um so what what was going wrong what was going wrong there assuming that science was what we were shooting for as a so yeah there's something to that um there's something to the valuing of abstract thought um i think individualism also plays a role but then i think a lot of just historical accidents are are playing an important role so when science gets started in europe europe's fragmented between all these different states and different rulers and if you said something that the catholic church didn't likes you just go to next door to the protestant rulers place and you hang out there so there was ability and you know arguably this was the result of geographical fragmentation the fact that europe is just kind of chopped up you know it's got the mediterranean and the south and it's broken up by mountains um northern china so the classic cradle of chinese civilization the yellow river valley is organized around this river it kind of is more like egypt if you want to think of it that way so you get large-scale agriculture happening on a massive scale very early um whereas if you look at greece so david keatley who's a uh famous uh he's passed away about a decade ago scholar of early china contrasted greece and china and he argued one of the differences is this focus on the individual versus the group so you look at greek you look at greek pottery it's portrayals of heroes so this piece of pottery has achilles he's recognizably achilles and he's doing this famous thing that achilles did whereas you'll get china and it's anonymous figures performing music or doing ritual it's a group scene and he traces that back to the fact that greece you know greece sucks for agriculture you can't get any kind of decent large-scale agriculture off the ground so it's it's fisher you know people fishing or herding goats growing small patches of vegetables it's broken they're trading they're traveling around they're more individualistic china at a very early stage has rice agriculture and in the in the north where they're not growing rice they it's very dry and so they're having to irrigate so even if they're not growing a labor-intensive crop like rice so rice is super labor intensive you've got to flood the fields and you need really elaborate group cooperation to do that and even in the north because of the nature of the climate they needed a large scale water water control irrigation flood control and things like that and so the argument is the chinese state got centralized very early on and economically and agriculturally it got organized around group activities very early on that tended to favor the group over individuals and this may have had something to do with why there's rel you see relatively more individualism in in the west um but even in china there's a really interesting science article from i want to say like eight years ago tell him the lead author where he looked at um rice versus grain county producing counties in china and looking at them really they're close together so he's controlling for almost everything except for the style of agriculture that they have and on that whole these holistic versus analytic thinking tasks that psychologists use people from rice growing regions are much more holistic and people from the smaller scale wheat growing regions are more analytic so even within these societies you know if your style of life is slightly different you're going to probably think about the individual's relationship to the group slightly differently it is i mean it's a combination of irresistible set of ideas and and heart there's a net you have to resist pushing them too far right we had joe henry on the show he talked about the weirdness of the west and so forth and i love it and that but you know it's just it's it's too good in some sense to be completely true so understanding the limitations of the of this uh these connections is just as important and so in that vein um there are examples of the ancient chinese thinkers doing what we might think of as you know metaphysics or uh abstract thinking and maybe you can tell the audience who doesn't know juan's favor famous butterfly dream story which has to do with the mind body problem yeah well i think it's more about skepticism okay so it's you know he he says i had a dream that i was a butterfly i was flying around i was happy and i was wonderful and then i woke up and i thought oh i just dreamt that i was a butterfly but how do i know that i'm not actually really of that butterfly and i'm just now dreaming that i'm drongza and you know which is the dream and which is reality um he's trying i think the purpose of that story is he's trying to shake up our our confidence that we know what's going on and in this particular case i think what he's he's targeting is our fear of death so you know right now we're living we think when we die it's going to be horrible but how do we know we don't know what's going to happen um so he's he is cult he wants to cultivate um epistemically a kind of humbleness and that's he's using that skeptical argument as a way to get us to think oh maybe we don't really know what the right way to be is it it is certainly stark contrast with descartes right i mean descartes does this skeptical exercise and says now i will rebuild everything on a completely firm basis thing juan's it basically says deal with it who knows rightly this is how the world is we don't know it could be demons fooling us everything could be demons all the way down right we just don't but it's a third i think it's uh you know dwanzo uses metaphysics he uses logic sometimes but in a way that deconstructs logic he probably was trained as a logician so i actually didn't mention another school of early chinese thought which were the logicians so these were people who really thought you could capture the structure of reality in words so you know words were categories that map on to distinct groups of objects in the and then you could if you could come up with a completely logical and accurate way of constructing sentences with these terms you could have an abstract account of reality and an abstract account of how to act in the right way this was going on in china yeah so there were logical positivists long before we had any they were logical positivists um and they never took off um so it's interesting that juan su was probably trained as one of these people because he uses this is not always picked up by translators but he's often using terms in a technical logical sense not in the standard way the words are used um so he seems to have been trained in this approach and then abandoned it and thought that it wasn't the way to live properly and when you say technological sense i mean um not technological technical logical sense uh is that what we think of as you know syllogisms deductions inductive kind of reasoning yeah something very much like that okay um and using terms like uh this word ching q-i-n-g and pinyin which means emotion typically in in classical chinese at this time but in most logic it refers to the categorical essence of something so the the ching of something is the quality that distinguishes that category from other similar categories got it okay it's the distinctive property of that category and if you don't understand that some passages in the drawings that don't make sense or sounds like he's a bad philosopher but you when you understand he's using these terms in a technical moa sense it makes more sense okay let me run by you uh one while one more wild generalization that you can go ahead because you've already said that you there is this axial age kind of idea that uh humanity reached a stage where parasites like you and i could be supported by society and so they could have people whose job it was to think these big ideas and write them down and so forth so in some sense there's a sort of right place right time aspect to these people right like they could be first like they could put ideas out there and then there's fewer gigantic new philosophical schools coming later on because in some sense they're reflections or modifications of the previous ones so here's my crazy idea you know if i look at raphael's picture the school of athens um he has plato and he's pointing to the sky and he has aristotle pointing to the earth and in some sense this is supposed to represent this big dichotomy between thinking and pure rationality you know plato and the forms and so forth and aristotle more empirical evidence-based uh experience of the world and sort of that was the big division between the schools of thought whereas it seems to me that in the chinese thinking uh again to hugely over generalize we have this dichotomy between the confucianists thinking about society and people and our roles and the was thinking about nature and ourselves and where we put in it and that's the distinction that was that was driven there is it is it completely overreaching to think that these choices of what distinctions to highlight early on played a huge role in how people thought then for the next 2000 years that's reasonable another way to put it is trying versus not trying so confronted with the same paradox they break different ways so the confusion say yeah it's paradox but keep trying and it'll sort itself out you'll eventually become like confucius just trust us do this for a long time and you'll you'll become way eventually whereas the taoists are much more worried about the problem of of effort contaminating the end state and they really are kind of allergic to and i argue in my dissertation that this dichotomy between trying and not trying explains a lot of the divisions that happen later in chinese philosophy slash religion okay um you constantly have you know and what's interesting is that sometimes the the debate gets solved by doctrinal fiat um when the neoconfusions come in this is in like the 12th century a.d um they say mentions is right human is good you know not trying is the right way to do it because we have this good nature no one's it's wrong to say otherwise um as soon as you get that you get people who are like yeah well it's good but as soon as we're born it gets contaminated and so how do we fix that oh we study the classics and we do ritual and we rely so i sometimes call this internalism versus externalism but it's a real tension or trying not trying but basically where's where's the source of morality you've got one side that thinks it comes from cult it comes from the outside it comes from culture or tradition or other people teachers comes from authority they tend to be more culturally conservative on the other side you have these you could argue liberals who think that it comes from the inside we have a good nature all we have to do is look inside and be authentic and everything will be all right um and that that liberal versus conservative divide or internalist versus externalist or trying versus not trying is this common fault line you see okay in chinese thought it appears again and again and i can't help but i know we touched on this already but it seems to me that it would be very difficult to be a good taoist and a good theoretical physicist because uh it's not just gonna happen you're not just gonna like you know relax into coming up with the right model of dark matter or something like that you really it seems to me like you really have to try am i am i missing a nuance there yeah yeah but one way to to solve that problem or at least contextualize it i think taoism is best understood as a reaction to confucianism rather than a coherent model in itself so understood that way you have to get trained in theoretical physics you have to do a lot of trying but if you want to have a really genuine new insight into theoretical physics you need to stop trying got it and you need to be more like the taoist so so that's the way i've always understood them is as a you can't have just complete not trying it's not how humans work yeah but if you see the dallas position as a corrective to the excesses of trying or the excesses of relying on the prefrontal cortex or on tradition or on writing or logic it starts to make it starts to be more plausible okay that is actually uh very plausible i mean to be a good theoretical physicist even you know requires a little bit of uh being so into it that ideas come to you there's no algorithm for finding the ideas right yeah it's not mysterious and and so maybe that's a good you know sort of final point to make as we wrap up here bringing it back to the present day since we've done good all of chinese thought in an hour let's do all of modern neuroscience and psychology in in five minutes and you can tell me um you know is is this all just of historical interest or clearly you've already told me the answer but but maybe to illustrate how does this uh fit in with more modern ideas about how the brain works or how psychology works what can what can we the individualistic hedonistic epicurean uh modern western person uh take away from these ideas yeah so that's that's basically what i explore in trying not to try so that's i'm taking the the history and the stuff i did as an academically and marrying it with my new interest so i've spent the last 15 years or so hanging out with cognitive scientists social psychologists neuroscientists and marrying these two together so one thing you can take away is just the the importance of spontaneity the fact that trying is just the case and and i think modern psychology has come to this on its own that certain goals can't be obtained through direct driving there's a lot of things you can obtain like learning math and doing other things um but if you want to be funny or if you want to be happy or you want to be in love or you want to love something for its own sake that can't be forced and and in fact the forcing actively prevents you from getting it so one takeaway that i think is useful is is at least focusing our attention on the because i think we as a society again and it's partly the fault of descartes and khan and all these these enlightenment thinkers is we have this emphasis on striving and we think that the key to success is always trying harder and if we didn't get it right we just gotta try harder um that's not true there's a lot of things that actually the the right strategy is to back off and relax and and we understand now cognitively why that's the case um so there's a lot of tasks that you can only solve like lateral thinking tasks if you want to think of like the rit the remote associates test you can't solve that by powering through with an algorithm you need to just relax and have the answer pop into your head we now know that that these kind of creative insights happen when the pfc just shuts down for a bit and chills out and lets the parts of the brain that don't normally communicate communicate with one another that's one insight another insight is just that it is genuinely a paradox to try not to try we face it in our lives all the time and trying to relax for a job interview trying to fall asleep if you have insomnia you know if you're worried about something and you're thinking and you know you need to shut your brain down and i think because we don't have words for things like way or duh we don't notice them as much you know words are helpful for picking out knowing having the word schadenfloyd helps you to recognize an emotion that you've definitely experienced but until the germans taught you how much how enjoyable it is to see the suffering of others you didn't have a word for it um and having a word for it helps you notice it and so i think having words like way or at least having the concept at our disposal helps us to recognize situations where spontaneity is what we need and trying is not going to be helpful and is it okay to have a glass of wine along the way does that does that help that segues very nicely into the latest project no i mean that's so a glass of wine is a is just a chemical means for uh short-circuiting that that tension um and and and you know in moderate doses is really helpful for that and doses are not always moderate and for news about that people can buy your your latest book which we encourage them to do so edward slingerland thanks so much for being the weinstein podcast thanks for having me it's a lot of fun

  Top Comments:
  1. @justinmodessa5444 [8 likes]: So I got my degree in the Chinese language but then also had classes on history and culture and one of those was a traditional Chinese values class. We went over a lot of daoism but the teacher didn't really have good enough English to explain a lot of things well. It's nice though that Edward can use his command of English to really expound upon a lot of these ideas. Having my background and what I know from my studies and living in China and then coupling that with his views on these concepts is quite a treat. Thanks Sean for really being open minded and trying to branch out to many forms of thinking and philosophy.
  2. @subjectline [4 likes]: 18:35 improvisation was very much part of the western classical music tradition until very recently - and nowadays students are demanding to be taught it again. You could interview John Mortensen about it, he's got a book out (or will have soon) about improvising fugue. I don't think anyone has looked in detail into why and how it was excluded from musical training, although there are  some hints.
  3. @peterparsons7141 [3 likes]: My god man do you realize that the dissemination of all this information across the world will have consequences! Somewhere, in some small village in (Greenland, Inuvialuktun, kazistan) or wherever that there is some 10 year old kid who understands this stuff and will ,, who knows what kind of wild notions they will formulate.
Thanks for taking the time to share this wonderful knowledge.
  4. @mhwtzou [2 likes]: 這位精研東方中國哲思的學者對「無爲」和孔孟思想的理解大致無可評議，但他對老子的「道德」不能說有誤解但深度不足，這從他對「道」和「德」從頭到尾沒有定義可見一斑。
「道」和「德」二字各是什麼？合起來是什麼？意義是什麼？請參詳高本衲宏文 何謂道德？。不開玩笑也不是老王賣瓜自賣自誇，這篇文章絕對精確也很重要，你可以拿去比對古今中外碩學宏儒的任何相關論述，找到錯誤高某一定從善如流立即修正。
——————————————————————————————
道者天地運行之至理，德者人我承感之真情也。
道屬天屬地不屬人。以是，道從首從走不從人。故曰：“大道之行也，天下為公”、“人法地，地法天，天法道，道法自然”。
德屬人不屬天地。以是，德從人不從天、不從地。故曰：“道生之，德畜之”、“為而不恃，長而不宰，是謂玄德”。
人必無單，因此德從雙人。德又從心。心者念也，在內；行者為也，在外。心乃行之始，行乃心之終，是謂“德行”。行無自了，必有之於人，故行亦從雙人。又，人者心之器也，故德行終不離人。
天地無心，故大道無情，宋儒張載遂曰：“為天地立心”。無心則寡情，寡情則不親，故曰：“太上忘情，天道無親”。
天道無心、寡情、不親，卻有常。常者永也，必也，真也。故天道即常道，常道即常理，常理即真理。
人皆有目，目木成相。人又有心，相成心上是為想。想者念也，念者今心也，今者當下也，俱心之用也。
念有善惡，惡亦從心，故又屬人。人皆有情，情有愛情、感情、真情、友情，卻無惡情，以惡念無情也。日青乃晴，水青則清，人青是倩，心青為情。
德有玄德、恩德、盛德、美德，而無惡德，概惡者非德也。
準此，何謂“道德”？合理之謂道，有情是為德。
理者天地運行之正道，情者人我承感之盛德也。
  5. @OlleMattsson [2 likes]: This cast is soooo good! Thank you Sean for your continued work and inspiring others to explore Nature. You rock!
  6. @drzecelectric4302 [2 likes]: Do or do not. There is no try
  7. @davehiggins2003 [2 likes]: Can you just make the video shorter by 1 second please? 😂
  8. @old_school_dao [1 likes]: Edward Slingerland is a highly respected scholar of early Chinese philosophy, but to be clear, his thesis put forward in his original Book, "Effortless Action: Wu-wei as Conceptual Metaphor and Spiritual Ideal in Early China", which was then formatted into a popular book for the masses in "Trying Not to Try", is strongly critiqued by his peers. I highly recommend reading Chris Fraser's critique, "On Wu-wei as a Unifying Metaphor", as well as "THE PARADOX OF WUWEI?" by the imminent scholar, P.J. Ivanhoe. To quote one line from Ivanhoe, "The way Slingerland describes the problem of wuwei—in terms of setting a paradox and then posing various solutions—also makes it seem as if this was an explicit conundrum shared by early Chinese thinkers. But, as noted earlier, this simply is not true. Of equal and perhaps even greater concern is his account of wuwei itself."
  9. @hansfrankfurter2903 [1 likes]: Very informative conversation
  10. @GoneDee [1 likes]: I love this, thank you good sirs
  11. @andrekz9138 [1 likes]: I appreciate the symbiosis of Confucianism and Daoism relating to science. Science is the structured process we train to perfect, and the answers we receive from that process arise naturally without force, since forcing an answer introduces bias.
  12. @DrDress [1 likes]: 57:10 Good.
  13. @MzzDee: This is so helpful, thank you
  14. @akshaykamathb2788: 45:23 dao deging, ty r suspecious of language ty r worried abt being trapped in any kind of linguisting formulation
1:00:28 Zhuangzi the cartoon book
  15. @bentationfunkiloglio: So incredibly interesting.  Thank you publishing the interview.
  16. @riodasperolas: A timely theme. Congratulations!
  17. @pleiadesglow: Very good. ;)
  18. @UtraVioletDreams: Be relaxed in any situation you find you're self. You know I was once in a bad period in my life. But when I learned I had to wait 8 mounts before I could see someone. I Thought to myself. Wow that many people seeking help. Then It must be normal. I never got the help. However I learned from that to be myself. No matter what they say. "Sting: English man in New York".
  19. @kreek22: You need to do an episode on why you promote and practice censorship, Sean.
  20. @julesknight1511: Feel bad for folks who try listening without add-free app - luv ya Sean but too many adverts....

- love without attachment: Kind: captions Language: en in light of the recent Jonah Hill controversy and in following a request from a viewer I decided to make a short video on loving without attachment as recognized Hill is engaging in a sort of therapy speak surrounding boundaries this appears to come from a place of possessiveness why does possessiveness occur Eric from notes a sort of love that is developed in modernity love as teamwork where everybody adjusts his behavior to the expressed needs of the other person in the pursuit of common aims modeled after the sort of groups you might encounter in an office space there isn't anything apparently wrong in centering collaboration as the essence of a relationship but this is a naive concept as it fails to account for why we end up in relationships to begin with the neurotic Lover from notes is usually a man who wants to be loved while never having to actually love this sort of childlike State encourages grandiose and romantic visions of their partner they may feel so good about their partner that at first they will display a great deal of charm and affection but there's a significant failure in seeing their partner as a human being with their own agency when they realize that their partner cannot live up to their fantasy their idea of gratification the man may feel deeply hurt and pain in his pain on the idea that his partner is selfish and does not love him pair this with bell Hook's observation that romance is often depicted as a project women are The Architects and the planners namely women are socialized early on to be the givers of love to sacrifice their agency in the hopes of this collaborative project men are generally taught that love is this reward this immediate and sustained high that is received passively that is guaranteed for them if they achieve certain patriarchal standards any extra effort afterwards is taken as a failure on the part of their partner suddenly this love as teamwork idea seems kind of lopsided for men this possessiveness is deeply tied to their identity to be a man is to be loved by a woman and to be loved is to have some sort of power over them boundaries then can be misused as forms of policing and correcting the ways in which their partner is supposed to love them to back up from gender roles in general this possessiveness is deeply tied to our own self-image we do not feel secure in ourselves and so we attempt to own and dominate another in order to regain some security this sort of narcissism does not respect the agency of others and is motivated by one's own desire and fear so long as we depend on another for our psychological well-being intellectually or emotionally that dependents must inevitably create fear from which arises sorrow writes krishnamurti and furthermore any alteration of these dependencies we violently oppose because we depend on them for psychological security to love without attachment is above all else to get over oneself in fact from recognizes the overcoming of one's narcissism as the main condition for the achievement of love in attempting to secure our own self-image through another we create an image or fantasy of that other we imprison them there through manipulation deception and control this is our attempt to possess and we also imprison ourselves in our own narcissism we cut ourselves off from being able to experience true love to abandon the present in order to look for things in the future is to throw away the substance and hold on to the shadow rights tiknot Han what is true love firstly love involves some level of objectivity you need to see people for their own potentialities and your own potentialities rather than the images you have of them this in itself means abandoning oneself prioritization it involves humility and this humility is informed by a significant second face that through recognizing trusting and nurturing you and your partner's potentialities love will flourish yes boundaries still exist in this state but this comes about through education rather than manipulation by telling them your boundaries you hope that this will also teach you about them and their boundaries and needs and they might not be compatible with yours and here is the crucial and scary part about love without attachment you must be vulnerable to the things you feared that things might not last that people die that feelings change all you can do is have some humility and faith that the learning process itself which is reciprocal will bring love to both notably krishnamurti argues that passion comes through learning rather than through desire or gratification it is within this intense curiosity we have for the other where love emerges and how could we truly know those who we supposedly love if we limit them for our own gratification we must listen without judgment we must love without attachment true love is unconditional write spell hooks but to truly flourish it requires an ongoing commitment to constructive struggle and change foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubbadouble8025 [2 likes]: Love without attachment is dehumanizing the person. You feel attachment even toward objects, places, people you just say hi in the place you live. It's sad how society finds the perfect excuse for not being just irresponsible but for normalizing it prasing it. For god sake attachment is nothing more than security and vulnerability and without that any bond is just fake. It's not about veing dependant but BONDiNG trough enough attachment
  2. @rafapiplaylistyoutube1239 [1 likes]: it's not science. It's subjective and can turn into bullshit tomorrow
  3. @Jim-t6v [1 likes]: I was about 6yrs old - my parents took me to a fair.  The fair was full of people - everywhere.  We eventually walked to the Ferris wheel for a ride. The wheel spun around several times - and then stopped.  The chairs held three people - but where it stopped - there was only one little girl - about my age - on the seat - and no one else.  I looked at her and thought she was the prettiest thing I ever saw.  She wore a white frilly dress and pretty white shoes and walked - very dignified  -like a beautiful little girl would.  I watch her walked away -  by herself - into the crowd - I never saw her again.

I thought about her over the years several times and why she was by herself. One day my wife was going over some old pictures.  She pulled out a photograph of herself when she was 6 yrs old. I was stunned.   It was the little girl on the Ferris wheel.
  4. @Itsgone99: NGL love without attachment is a Hell for the kids growing up with Lego.
  5. @mio-iz6rl: I am a philosophy student and I have been in love. Since we broke up and with life circumstances, I have been deeply curious about what is Love and I ended up with Bell Hooks as well. I am continuing to study on this and, that was so interesting that you mentioned Bell Hooks as well. I actuallly reached in this idea of love from the path of punk philosophy. I have found that punk philosophy too emulates this kind of love as it requires no institution for this kind of love to be present while the love we are familiar with currently, they have heavy institutional ideas embedded in them.
  6. @MrMatchete: why does establishing shit require shit relation shop keeping skill
  7. @multivitamindovakin8109: I have lost boy i was trying to make a romantic relationship with. He was on the war and i tought a lot with him. Its difficult not to blame myself for things i feel while staying alive. But i want to be unattached like he was i think the price for him to know "how" was really high.
  8. @davefreakk9250: Krazy algorithm… the timing is like reading my mind 😭
  9. @s2sujl: Love is scary I'm done with love thank you for everything for the best moments that we share i won't seek for love ever again never ever again i wanna see myself in this position again
  10. @alldabbing8930: Love on itself is a concious decision, a commitment, not a feeling, not an emotion. It's a constant, it doesn't vary through time. But in order to build love, first must come attachment, without attachment, we wouldn't connect with anyone, so imagine it like this, attachment is the door opener, it is what allowed love to grow. Now we often confuse love and attachment, oftentimes we say, "love hurts." It is not love that's hurting us, it is attachment. Attachment demands all of the emotions/feelings, you name it, happiness, security, validation, etc. Those are subconcious works, they are ingrained in us. Unlike attachment, love doesn't demand anything, once you have love, nothing will change it, you can't no longer brighten it nor dim it, it's a constant, not a variable. But there's always gonna be some degree of attachment in love, and that's normal. Okay then, but how do I love without attachment? Impossible, you can't. We are human beings, we are emotional creatures, our subconcious literally controls our brain more than our concious mind. To love with 0 attachment is impossible but doesn't mean that you don't want to try lessening attachment, what I mean by try lessening is to be aware of it, to be mindful of it, with mindfulness we can at the very least lessen our attachment. 

So the next time you say love hurts, it is not the loving part thats hurting you, its the attachment part. Remember your love wont go dimmer nor brighter, once you reach it, it's a constant, you celebrate love by having healthy attachment and being mindful of it.
  11. @erickr6400: Lovely for poetry or monkhood. Do learn about yourself, trust your partner and be willing to grow together, but don't beat yourself over feeling spiritually deficient because of a few words the writer can't live through.
  12. @PatchworkedPaperclips: Freedom without structure can become ambiguity.
Freedom without reciprocity can become emotional distance.
Freedom without active participation can become passivity.
Freedom without clarity can leave one person carrying all the interpretive and emotional labour
  13. @meat4078: What happens to all of you here it is not meant to be. It's pre-planned. Someone else is always deciding for someone else or for some others. Because you can send someone on a journey that  and  it is possible none wants but goes to save themselves.
  14. @nahuelrubio1347: "It is within this intense curiosity we have for the other where love emerges".
  15. @Ziyue_Hu: Thank you
  16. @beefpatty2438: "I once loved a flower so much,
instead of picking it
i left it alone."
  17. @maxwellscandlan9196: “I once loved a flower so mich, that instead of oickong it, I left it be” - Somebody
  18. @lubency: This explains so much why my first love was so meaningful. We never tried to change each other or control each other. I just came over when I had time and we would just coexist. Maybe that's what love is. Allowing each other to just exist. Growing in the same garden.
  19. @stanswatercarworked: This is a very good video, i am so young
  20. @ESPA333: Currently trying to deal with this. We had begun building something and discussed our attraction and desire to pursue more. It was a complicated situation but I was patient in waiting for what we both saw was there to bloom. Come to find out that while they had been talking the ex came back and drew them back in. 

Now I'm left with all the emotions and a difficult choice as they are a key part of my friend group and I have to interact with them still when around them. I don't want to step back from them but I feel such deep pain when I see them that it's hard to be myself like before.

- Life Without Attachment – How The Free Truly Live |  Buddhist Wisdom: Kind: captions Language: en Life Without Attachment – Buddhist Wisdom There are things in this life we cannot stop thinking about. Money. Career. The people we love. The future we hope for. The past we wish we could change. These thoughts return to us again and again, sometimes in the quiet of night, sometimes in the middle of a busy day. But here is something worth noticing. Have you ever loved someone, truly loved them, and yet felt anxious about that love? Have you ever worked hard to build something, finally achieved it, and then immediately started worrying about how to keep it? Have you ever held something precious in your hands and felt, not joy, but fear? There is a strange paradox in the way we live. We reach for happiness by holding on — to people, to success, to our sense of who we are. And yet, the tighter we hold, the more afraid we become. The more we love, the more we fear losing. This problem does not belong only to you. It belongs to all of us. A question that most of us avoid, because it touches something uncomfortable inside: Is my happiness depending on things I cannot control? The Buddha saw this over 2,500 years ago. He called it dukkha — suffering, dissatisfaction, the sense that something is always slightly off. And he said that this dukkha is not random. It has a cause. That cause is what we must now examine. When people hear the word "attachment," they often think it means holding on to things they want: money, success, relationships, pleasure. They assume that the Buddhist teaching is telling them to give everything up, to become cold, to stop caring. The Buddha taught something different. Attachment, called upādāna in the ancient Pali language, is not about what you have. It is about how you hold it. Imagine you are holding a glass of water. There is nothing wrong with holding it. You can drink from it, set it down, offer it to someone else. But now imagine that someone tries to take the glass away, and you feel a surge of panic. You grip tighter. Your heart beats faster. You think: This is mine. I need this. I cannot let it go. That reaction — that gripping, that fear — that is attachment. The glass has not changed. What has changed is your relationship to it. Clinging, not having, is what causes suffering. You can have a family and not cling. You can have success and not cling. You can love deeply and not cling. Now, this brings us to something even more subtle: the difference between love and attachment. In the Buddhist tradition, there is a word called mettā, loving-kindness. The Karaniya Mettā Sutta describes it: a heart that wishes for all beings to be happy, to be at peace, to be free from suffering. This love does not ask: What will I get in return? It radiates like the warmth of the sun, asking nothing. Attachment is different. Attachment says: I need you to be a certain way so that I can be happy. It says: Stay with me, because without you, I am not whole. Consider a mother and her child. One mother loves with an open hand. She nurtures, protects, guides, but knows her child is not her possession. When the child grows and wants independence, she feels joy, not abandonment. Another mother loves with a closed fist. She gives everything, but expects everything in return. When the child wants independence, she feels betrayed: After all I did for you, how can you leave me? Most of us have loved in both ways. The question is whether we can recognize when attachment is present. But here is something most people miss — something that changes everything once you see it. We do not only cling to what we desire. We also cling to what we fear, what we hate, what hurts us. Think about it carefully. There are times when we hold on to anger at someone who wronged us, even though that anger burns inside us every day. There are times when we replay a painful memory again and again, unable to let it rest. There are times when we grip our worries so tightly that letting go feels dangerous. This is also attachment. The Buddha spoke of three kinds of craving: craving for pleasure (kāma-taṇhā), craving for existence (bhava-taṇhā), and craving for non-existence (vibhava-taṇhā). The third one is subtle but powerful — the craving to escape, to push away, to make something disappear. And yet, the very act of pushing creates its own kind of holding. When you hate something, you are bound to it. When you fear something, you carry it with you everywhere. When you keep telling yourself the story of your suffering — I am the one who was hurt, I am the one who will never be enough — you become attached to that identity. The pain becomes who you are. Consider someone who holds on to anger at a person who wronged them years ago. They believe they are protecting themselves. But who is suffering? The other person has moved on. Meanwhile, the one holding the grudge carries the weight every day. The anger became a prison. Or consider someone who clings to worry, believing they are being responsible. But does worry actually prevent bad things from happening? Or does it steal the peace of the present moment? Or someone who holds on to guilt, believing they are being moral. But does endless self-punishment lead to growth? Or does it trap them in shame that prevents moving forward? The Buddha identified four kinds of clinging: sensual clinging — holding on to pleasant experiences and desires; view clinging — holding on to opinions and being right; ritual clinging — holding on to forms and practices as if they were the goal; and self-doctrine clinging, the deepest one — attachment to the idea of a permanent "self" that must be protected. This last one is the root from which all other clinging grows. Because if there is a solid "me," then there must be "mine." And if there is "mine," there must be something to lose. The Buddha taught that clinging arises from craving (taṇhā), and craving arises from ignorance (avijjā). This chain is what keeps the wheel of suffering turning. But here is the question that matters most: if attachment runs this deep, can we ever be free? If attachment causes so much suffering, then why do we keep holding on? We can start with something the Buddha did not speak of directly, but which helps us understand our experience: the way our minds have been shaped by millions of years of survival. Fear of loss is wired into us. Our ancestors survived because they held on — to food, to shelter, to their group. Here we are, carrying brains built for holding on, worrying, and anticipating danger. This is not a flaw. It is what we have inherited. But the Buddha offered another perspective. He pointed to the nature of the mind itself — to patterns beneath our conscious awareness, shaping our reactions before we even know they are happening. He called them anusaya, latent tendencies, forces that sleep within us. In the Aṅguttara Nikāya, he identified seven: sensual desire, resistance, views, doubt, conceit, craving for existence, and ignorance. These tendencies are not always active. You can sit in meditation, feel completely at peace, and think: I have let go. Then you walk out the door, someone says something that touches your pride, and suddenly there is anger. Where did it come from? It was there all along, lying dormant, waiting. This is humbling. The work of letting go is not a single moment of insight. It is a gradual uncovering, meeting these tendencies again and again, each time with a little more awareness. But here is where many people get stuck. They see their attachment and try to force it away. They say: I should not feel this. I must let go. They approach their own mind like an enemy. This becomes a trap. The effort to "get rid of" attachment is itself a form of craving — the craving for non-existence we spoke of earlier. When you fight your own mind, you are clinging to the idea of being free from clinging. The hand that tries to pry open the other hand is itself a closed fist. You can see this with painful emotions. Tell yourself not to feel sad, and the sadness grows heavier. Tell yourself not to worry, and the worry multiplies. The same is true with attachment. The more you fight it, the stronger it becomes. What then is the way out? The answer is not to stop making effort. That would be passivity. The answer is a different kind of effort — one that works with the mind rather than against it. This effort is not about forcing. It is about understanding. This is the path the Buddha laid out. The Buddha did not simply diagnose the problem. He offered a way through. This path is not a set of rules to follow blindly. It is a way of living, a way of training the mind, a way of gradually transforming the roots of how we experience the world. He called it the Noble Eightfold Path — eight interconnected aspects of practice that work together to bring about the end of suffering. The path begins with wisdom. Sammā-diṭṭhi, Right View, is the foundation. It means understanding the Four Noble Truths: that there is suffering, that suffering has a cause, that suffering can end, and that there is a path to that ending. It also means seeing things as they actually are — impermanent, unable to provide lasting satisfaction, and without a fixed self. Consider something you are attached to right now. Perhaps a relationship, a possession, an idea about yourself. Or perhaps a wound, a regret, a fear. Now ask: Has this remained the same since you first encountered it? Can you guarantee it will always be here? When you look honestly, you will see that everything you hold is changing, constantly. The person you love today is not the person you loved five years ago. Even the "you" who is holding on is shifting, aging, transforming with every breath. When this truth is seen directly — not just understood intellectually, but felt in the body — something opens up. The mind no longer expects permanence from what is impermanent. The grip begins to relax, not because you forced it, but because you saw through the illusion. Sammā-saṅkappa, Right Intention, follows naturally from Right View. Once you see clearly, the heart must turn in the right direction. The Buddha described three aspects of Right Intention: the intention of renunciation — letting go of grasping; the intention of goodwill — wishing well for all beings; and the intention of harmlessness — not causing suffering to oneself or others. Right Intention is the bridge between seeing and living. It is not enough to understand that clinging causes suffering. The heart must genuinely incline toward release, toward compassion, toward peace. Then comes ethical conduct. Sammā-vācā, Right Speech, means speaking truthfully, kindly, and helpfully. Every harsh word, every lie creates entanglement. We become bound by what we have said, by relationships we have damaged. Sammā-kammanta, Right Action, means acting without causing harm. When our actions are aligned with compassion, we do not carry the weight of guilt. A mind free from remorse does not need to cling to external things for a sense of worth. Sammā-ājīva, Right Livelihood, means earning a living without causing harm. When our work aligns with our values, we do not need to compensate by clinging to status or success. Letting go begins with how you live your daily life. Every action, every word, every choice is either creating more entanglement or creating more space. Then comes the training of the mind. Sammā-vāyāma, Right Effort, is the energy that drives the practice. The Buddha described it as fourfold: preventing unwholesome states that have not yet arisen, abandoning those that have, cultivating wholesome states that have not yet arisen, and maintaining those that have. Think of it as the effort of a gardener: patient, steady, attentive. You pull the weeds, but you also water the flowers. You trust that, given the right conditions, transformation will happen. Sammā-sati, Right Mindfulness, is paying attention, moment by moment, to what is actually happening. When attachment arises — whether to pleasure or pain — you notice it. Not with judgment, but with awareness. Ah, there is clinging. There is fear. There is resistance. This act of noticing creates space. You are no longer lost inside the attachment, driven by it. You are present with it. And in that seeing, the attachment loses its power. This is how we work with attachment to suffering. Not by fighting the pain. But by being present with it, allowing it to be there without being consumed. Sammā-samādhi, Right Concentration, is the cultivation of a calm, stable, unified mind. When the mind is agitated, we react rather than respond. Concentration develops the stillness that allows us to meet life with presence. The Eightfold Path is not a ladder you climb once. It is a way of being. Each aspect supports the others. Right View informs Right Intention. Right Intention guides Right Action. Right Effort strengthens Right Mindfulness. Right Mindfulness deepens Right View. The path spirals inward, toward a freedom that grows with each step. What does freedom actually look like — not as an idea, but lived? Freedom is not emptiness. It is not withdrawal. It is not sitting alone in a cave, feeling nothing. After the Buddha attained enlightenment, he could have remained in silence. But he did not. He spent 45 years teaching anyone willing to listen, engaging with the world completely — not out of attachment, but out of compassion. He had nothing to gain, nothing to protect, nothing to lose. And yet he gave everything. This is what freedom looks like: love without chains, action without grasping, life lived openly with nothing held back. Imagine water flowing through a riverbed. It does not cling to any rock. It does not resist its own movement. And yet, it nourishes everything it touches. Or imagine a lotus flower. It is born in muddy water, grows through muddy water, rises above muddy water — and yet it stands unstained. The mud does not cling to its petals. The lotus does not fight the mud. It simply grows through it and opens toward the sky. The free person lives like this — in the world, but not stained by it. But living in the world means facing the world. And the world is not always kind. The Buddha spoke of the eight worldly winds — gain and loss, status and disgrace, blame and praise, pleasure and pain. Every person who has lived has felt these winds. You gain something, then lose it. People praise you, then criticize you. Most of us are blown around by these winds. When praise comes, we feel elated. When blame comes, we feel crushed. But in the Lokavipatti Sutta, the Buddha said that the noble disciple experiences these same winds but is not overcome by them. They no longer demand that life be different from what it is. They receive gain without clinging and meet loss without resistance. They have made peace with the nature of things. The free person does not cling to suffering as identity. They do not hold grudges as protection. They do not carry guilt as endless payment. They do not grip anxiety as a shield. When pain arises, they feel it and let it move through them. They have learned that emotions are like weather — they come, stay for a time, and pass. This is a different kind of freedom from the one we usually imagine. We think freedom means getting what we want, controlling our circumstances, reaching a place where nothing can hurt us. But the Buddha pointed to something else: the freedom of no longer needing life to be other than it is. The freedom of a heart that can hold everything — joy and sorrow, gain and loss — without closing. The unshaken heart is not a heart that does not feel. It is a heart that feels everything, yet remains whole. You do not need to be fully enlightened to taste this freedom. You do not need to be perfect. Perhaps you have tasted it already. A moment when bad news came and you let it be there — and discovered you could hold it. A moment when someone criticized you and, instead of defending, you listened — and found you were still whole. These are glimpses of what is possible. The path is not about forcing more of these moments. It is about creating conditions where they arise naturally — gradually loosening the grip on what we want, what we fear, who we think we are — until openness becomes our natural state. The Buddha did not promise this path is easy. It goes against everything we have been conditioned to do. It asks patience when we want quick results, honesty when we would rather look away. But nothing is wasted. Each moment of awareness, each honest look at yourself, each choice to stay present — all of it matters. You are not trying to become someone other than who you are. You are learning to be fully present with your life — without grasping, without clinging even to your own suffering. Perhaps that is the deepest freedom: not the freedom to have whatever you want, but the freedom to be at peace with whatever is. Begin now. Not tomorrow. With this breath. With this moment. Be honest with yourself. Be kind to yourself. And keep walking. Because this path is not about reaching a final destination. It is about how you walk, step by step, through an ever-changing world. And every step, taken with awareness, is already home.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChuckEilers [6 likes]: I have only been studying/practicing Buddhism for ~1 year now.  But oh, how it has helped me!  Especially in my recovery from addiction.  The craving, the grasping, the attachment to a physical substance was very real.  But the craving, grasping and attachment to so many other things was at the core.  Thank you.  I learn so much from these videos.  It has helped me immensely.
  2. @Hand-StitchedRhythm [4 likes]: My friend has drifted from me, and I don't know why. It's very painful, but I am trying to let it go.
  3. @ChrisMcAtamney [3 likes]: Iam considering being a Buddhist but which practice am I looking for. This channel resonates with me. Is this Tibetan Buddhism? Or which?
  4. @BuddhaCoha [3 likes]: Real freedom isn’t having nothing… it’s loving deeply without gripping, fearing, or needing life to stay the same
  5. @wijithagorakanage4560 [2 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏 Thank you for making Buddha's teachings accessible to English speaking communities.
  6. @Serene_Mind_365 [2 likes]: To anyone reading this, I wish you the best of success in life. No matter what you are going through, remember that you have family and friends who care about you. I believe in you and know that you can achieve anything you set your mind to! Stay strong! Much love to those in need.
 Don’t think you are alone; we are here for you
  7. @AkaraMing [2 likes]: The truth of the origin of suffering (Samudaya) is craving/attachment
  8. @TheWanderingMonkk [1 likes]: Watching this channel is always relaxing and meaningful.
  9. @rayryeridge3313: Videos created by a being filled with wisdom and compassion. There is no greater gift to give or be given.
  10. @JasonTechSF: When trying to forget someone is like having forgotten to turn off the porch light. But it is the light that makes you remember. 

Buddhism is like that. Weird, unexpected, convoluted, and sometimes contradictory. You don’t have to deal with anything external to yourself, but only with yourself. To make even that idea befuddling, you are asked to question your very self. Who am I when no one is watching?
  11. @Banksia-Blue000: Thank you. 🙏🏻❤️
  12. @joebello721: There is something call karmic memory
  13. @lovehealsall8051: 🙏💜🙏💜🙏💜
  14. @RactimSaikia-p8z: ❤❤❤
  15. @bijaydhakal2631: ॐ मणि पद्मे हुँ
  16. @bijaydhakal2631: ॐ मणि पद्मे हुँ
  17. @bijaydhakal2631: ॐ मणि पद्मे हुँ
  18. @bijaydhakal2631: ॐ मणि पद्मे हुँ
  19. @bijaydhakal2631: ॐ मणि पद्मे हुँ
  20. @bijaydhakal2631: ॐ मणि पद्मे हुँ

- Do Your Duty Without Attachment: What Krishna Really Meant?: Kind: captions Language: en-IN Have you ever poured your heart into&nbsp; something — a job, a relationship,&nbsp;&nbsp; a dream — only to feel shattered when it didn’t&nbsp; go your way? Maybe you didn’t get the promotion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe the person you loved walked away. Maybe&nbsp; the result just... didn’t match the effort. What if I told you that this pain, this constant&nbsp; swinging between hope and disappointment,&nbsp;&nbsp; isn’t because of the world —&nbsp; but because of a fundamental&nbsp;&nbsp; misunderstanding of what it means to act? Thousands of years ago, in the heart of&nbsp;&nbsp; a battlefield, Lord Krishna uttered a&nbsp; single line that has echoed through time: "Do your duty without attachment to the results." But what did he really mean? And why does&nbsp;&nbsp; this line — quoted so often —&nbsp; seem so hard to actually live? Today, we peel back the layers of this profound&nbsp; teaching. This isn’t mythology. This is a&nbsp;&nbsp; masterclass on mindset. Stick with me till the&nbsp; end, because what you’ll hear today might just&nbsp;&nbsp; change the way you look at life, forever. To understand Krishna’s words, we must step into the chaos of the Mahabharata. Picture&nbsp;Arjuna — the warrior prince — standing in the middle of a battlefield. On one side, his duty:&nbsp; to fight a war that’s just. On the other side,&nbsp;&nbsp; his own family, teachers, loved ones.&nbsp; Conflicted, broken, he drops his bow. And then comes Krishna’s response. Not one of&nbsp; comfort. Not one of escape. But a challenge: "You have a duty. Do it. But do&nbsp; not be attached to the outcome." Now let’s pause. Because this isn’t just about&nbsp; war. This is us, every single day. At work. At&nbsp;&nbsp; home. In our dreams and our failures. Before we dive into what Krishna meant,&nbsp; let’s clear up some popular misunderstandings. 1. It doesn’t mean not caring. People often say, "Oh, so I should stop caring&nbsp; about my work, my goals, my relationships?" &nbsp;&nbsp; Krishna didn’t say don’t care. He said — don’t&nbsp; cling. There’s a difference between loving fully&nbsp;&nbsp; and being obsessed with control. 2. It doesn’t mean being passive. This isn’t an excuse to stop trying.&nbsp; Krishna didn’t tell Arjuna to meditate in a cave. He told him to pick up his&nbsp; bow and fight. Action is essential. But&nbsp;&nbsp; your peace must not depend on the result. 3. It doesn’t mean detachment from people. You can love someone deeply, and yet not&nbsp; be attached to how they respond to your&nbsp;&nbsp; love. It sounds impossible, but it’s the&nbsp; only way to love without suffering. Krishna’s teaching is rooted in the yoga of action. So what is this path? It says: You must act. You must serve.&nbsp;&nbsp; You must live fully. But the moment you tie your&nbsp; identity, your joy, your worth to the result of&nbsp;&nbsp; your action, you’re setting yourself up for pain. Let’s look at some examples from daily life. You work hard for months, expecting a raise&nbsp; or a title. You’re excited. But someone&nbsp;&nbsp; else gets it. Now you feel betrayed,&nbsp; angry. Was all that work a waste? Krishna says: No, it wasn’t. If your work was&nbsp; sincere, it has already shaped your character.&nbsp;&nbsp; The growth happened in the doing. The&nbsp; outcome was never in your hands. You raise your child with love, values,&nbsp; care. But they grow up and make choices&nbsp;&nbsp; you didn’t expect. Maybe they fail. Maybe&nbsp; they rebel. You feel like a failure. But Krishna says: You did your dharma. You&nbsp; guided them. Their path is now theirs. Don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; attach your worth to their decisions. You pour your soul into a painting, a song,&nbsp;&nbsp; a video. You upload it. You wait for views, likes,&nbsp; applause. But nothing comes. You feel invisible. Krishna’s voice again: You did your duty. You&nbsp; expressed. The world’s reaction is beyond you. Why&nbsp;&nbsp; give your peace to something you don’t control? Now, let’s go deeper. Why is&nbsp;&nbsp; attachment so dangerous? Because attachment says:&nbsp;&nbsp; “I am only okay if this happens.” It traps your peace in the hands of something&nbsp;&nbsp; external — a person, a result, an event. It leads to:&nbsp; Anxiety (What if I fail?) Jealousy (Why did they get it, not me?) Ego (Look what I achieved!) Depression (I didn’t get it. I’m worthless.) But when you act with detachment, you say:&nbsp; "I will give my best. The rest is not mine."&nbsp; It doesn’t mean you don’t feel. It means&nbsp; your feelings aren’t prisoners of outcome. Now I will tell you how you&nbsp; can practice it step by step. Know Your Responsibility. Before action, ask:&nbsp;&nbsp; What is my duty here? Not what do I want. Not&nbsp; what will make me win. But what is right? Give 100% to the Action Not half-hearted. Not distracted. Fully present.&nbsp;&nbsp; Krishna didn’t say, “Do your duty lazily.” He said&nbsp; do it without attachment, not without effort. Let Go of the Fruits This is the hard part.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you’ve done your part — breathe. Let it go.&nbsp; Don’t refresh the result. Don’t beg the universe. Observe the Mind Watch when your ego clings. When disappointment&nbsp;&nbsp; creeps in. Firmly remind yourself: This is not&nbsp; mine to control. If you feel like walking away,&nbsp;&nbsp; dont look back - just do it. &nbsp; Anchor in the Bigger Picture Remember: Your action is a part of&nbsp; a grander flow. You are a wave in&nbsp;&nbsp; the ocean — powerful, but not the whole ocean. Imagine waking up every day, doing your best work,&nbsp;&nbsp; loving with your whole heart, giving your&nbsp; full energy — and yet sleeping in peace,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter the outcome. That’s freedom. That’s what Krishna offered&nbsp; Arjuna — and what he offers us. It’s not easy. But it’s the only&nbsp; way to act without suffering. Now lets talk about the common&nbsp; questions you might be having. Can I love someone and still be detached? Yes. Detached love, as taught in&nbsp;&nbsp; the Bhagavad Gita, is not the absence of care — it&nbsp; is the presence of clarity. When you are attached,&nbsp;&nbsp; you pedestalize your partner, seeing them not&nbsp; as they are, but as an ideal — flawless, divine,&nbsp;&nbsp; untouchable. This illusion leads to suffering,&nbsp; because no human can fulfill such a fantasy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Stoicism also echoes this truth: love must be&nbsp; grounded in reality, not in illusion. It teaches&nbsp;&nbsp; that we should care deeply, but without clinging&nbsp; — to love with open hands, not tight fists.&nbsp;&nbsp; True detachment allows you to love your partner&nbsp; as a human, not a god — with their flaws, changes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and freedom. Real love is not about worship;&nbsp; it’s about seeing clearly and loving anyway. What if others misuse my detachment? That’s their deed. And they will&nbsp;&nbsp; eventually face its consequences. Yours is&nbsp; to act with truth and integrity. Detachment&nbsp;&nbsp; isn’t weakness. It’s power. If you have any more questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; feel free to write in the comments and I will&nbsp; do my best to answer them in my next video. In the end, this one line from Krishna —&nbsp; "Do your duty without attachment" — is not&nbsp;&nbsp; a command to feel less. It’s an&nbsp; invitation to live more deeply. To act not as a beggar asking the&nbsp; world to reward us — but as a master,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering our effort as a sacred act. Thank you for staying till the end.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this message resonated with you, if&nbsp; it gave you a new lens to look at your&nbsp;&nbsp; life — then subscribe to the channel. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagefrequencyofficial [16 likes]: This could be the answer to 90% of your problems.

Krishna’s message in the Bhagavad Gita is more relevant than ever.

✨ Watch till the end — it might shift how you see everything.

📤 Send this to someone who’s feeling stuck.

🔔 And don’t forget to subscribe for more wisdom that actually hits.


Jai Shree Krishna ❤
  2. @srujanachavala [6 likes]: The videos are sooo good. Could you make it into a podcast?
  3. @VP-sigma [2 likes]: Krishna is the best teacher ❣
  4. @omom-h1q [2 likes]: హరే కృష్ణ హరే కృష్ణ కృష్ణ కృష్ణ హరే హరే హరే రామ హరే రామ హరే రామ రామ రామ హరే హరే
  5. @aaramse4329 [2 likes]: wonderful - dhanyevaad :-))
  6. @StudentMotivationLab [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @Shak22l [1 likes]: 🙏🙏
  8. @harshagrawal9881 [1 likes]: It was indeed a solution to all problems. Thank you for it
  9. @nidhikmth [1 likes]: Love your videos thank you
  10. @shilpabm-yj9pe [1 likes]: You are awesome, thank you for being like this , available when required ❤ jug jug jio.. live life happily. Loads of blessings and prayers 🙏🍀 to you
  11. @Ralphramkaruna: Om Haidakhandi :face-blue-wide-eyes::face-blue-wide-eyes::face-blue-wide-eyes:
  12. @GoWithAarti03: Jai shree Krishna
i feel very  heavy from inside i think i can never detach him. What should i do.
  13. @dinkardate9462: I have a question, even doing consistently good but at the last the mind wanders in lust ,lustful pics and acts. How to tackle it?
  14. @UniversalQiField: Thank you for sharing these teachings. The Bhavah Gita is brilliant for all of us. At every stage & every level.📿✨🪔🕊️🕉️
  15. @Santhosh25-x3c: Thank you krishna 😊 
Radhe Krishna ❤️‍🔥
  16. @SAYAKCHAKRABORTY-m8n: I have completed Masters in Economics but I got 2nd division. I am Eligible for Phd in Economics but I am concerns about my marks because of High competition. So at this moment what should I have to do?
  17. @mrmafungo6914: Most helpful thank you.
  18. @Truepatriot461: 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  19. @xpresscolourart5531: How do we differentiate between our personal desires and our duties ?
  20. @glowupplay: God iam tired 😩 I want you to stay with me I too doing many hard work but i didn't get fruit for my work

- Attachment theory is the science of love | Anne Power | TEDxWaldegrave Road: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] the story I'm bringing you today is about an idea it emerged in this city London 100 years ago it's been refined by thousands of research studies and today it's buzzing on social media platforms around the world what's this idea that goes on spreading it's about love you may say there are no new ideas about love and I would say this isn't romance it's science attachment Theory sees love as part of our evolutionary design and the term attachment Des describes a particular I kind of close bond between two people the kind of connection that when they're together they feel safe and when they're apart they may feel loss I believe an understanding of attachment Theory can make a profound difference to the way we love and to the way we allow others to love us I hold this conviction from two sources 25 years as a therapist helping people repair their early attachments and 65 years as a as an individual making sense of my own attachment story today I would like to give you three takeaways about attachment but first let's begin that story Into the origins of the theory let me take you to the 1930s to North London to an elite professional group The Institute of psychoanalysis there's a new member in the group John bulby but he's not fitting in his mind is too scientific to win friends here yet within a few decades his ideas will be known and studied in universities around the world and in the 21st century they're popping up in our news feeds influencing how we raise our children and work on our relationships Bobby believed all Behavior makes sense in context it's a belief that can Inspire curiosity and respect for our own behavior and for the behavior of those around us and it inspired bulby to make sense of the parent child Bond here we're looking at an image from a 1930s experiment where a baby monkey has been taken from his real mother and placed in a cage there are two options in the cage a w mother who can provide milk and a cloth mother who has no milk but who softness provides a crumb of comfort the experiment showed that the monkeys chose the cloth mother every time and they only reach for the W mother when they really need to feed Bobby studied these experiments and he noticed that young creatures attach to their caregiver they attached to the one who provides safety and comfort and he stressed that this attachment to a supportive other is not just for babies we all need someone to whom we can turn whose presence soothes us when we're troubled Obi saw Evolution at work this bonding behavior is so deeply embedded in us because it supports survival of the species his team noticed that human infants like the baby monkeys adapt their behavior to get the best care in their given situation so let's imagine two different homes and see how the babies there are coping if my mom only Rouses from her depression when I make a human cry then that's what I'll learn to do in the next doorhouse the baby is an equally quick learner but his mom has a different character she's not comfortable with with feelings so this little boy will adopt a different strategy to get the best care from his mom he'll learn to keep his feelings Under Wraps attachment researchers would say that the first child who amplifies feelings is developing an anxious attachment strategy and the second child who minimizes is more avoidant now at this point those of you who are parents might be thinking what hope for us we're doing our best and perhaps just as adults you might be thinking what if our own parents had emotional struggles When We Were Young but I don't want to give you the feeling that these two children are going to have terrible lives they're not they're normal kids and many of us are a bit like one of these but if they're going to have fulfilling relationships then they will need to unlearn some of that early training but now back to our story we've reached the 1950s and attachment theor is coming into conflict with the establishment you may not know that hospitals did not always allow parents to stay alongside their children on the wards in the auster regime of 50s Britain visiting was kept to 1 hour a week on a Sunday staff was so convinced of the rightness of this this they allowed one of bulb's collaborators to film a 2-year-old as she was admitted to hospital picture her alone with no parent by her side the subsequent black and white footage was so poignant it allowed campaigners to achieve a complete change in the rules but the campaign was still a struggle because we find change difficult and we find it hardest when we feel insecure and that leads to the next slide safety enables learning when we feel secure and confident we're free to learn and explore when we feel threatened learning goes out the window let's imagine a young girl in the park playing and exploring like the two boys a huge dog comes along and scares her what happens next she runs for her parents fear has switched on her primitive brain and in attachment terms this secure child is seeking her parents because the closeness with her parents will literally change her body chemistry and then she can return to her games and these Pathways between anxiety and reassurance exist in us as adults too if we trust our attachment person the soothing can be quite easy a touch a text a look and when we feel safe again our brains can return to full functioning now we've come to the current chapter in our story and this chapter I think if it was in a textbook it might be entitled the application of attachment Theory to the adult couple Bond so I don't know if there's any couples here whether that you identify with that title but let's let's see what what what's happening now in the world of attachment John bulby um always stressed that attachment was a need from Cradle to grave but his own Focus was more on that parent infant Bond researchers who came after him studied the adult adult Bond and they found the same key markers of attachment which means that two people seek seek closeness when they need protection and they protest when they're separated whether that's the small separation that might happen in a disagreement or the ultimate separation death and just as with children if the bond is secure a secure bond in adults provides two key functions a place of safety and a platform for growth because safety enables learning you remember the two groups who struggled to manage their feelings the avoidant group who need to keep things under wraps and the anxious group who want it out on the table what happens if you put those two into a couple together some of you might know the answer to that but another psychologist Susan Johnson has studied this in detail and she's noticed how these two characters trigger each other and in fact they get into a very unhappy dance a kind of loop where they're stuck by describing the more anxious partner as a pursuer and the more avoidant as a withdrawer she has created a new map and the map shows us what's been hidden and the thing that's been hidden behind the embittered exchanges are the precious vulnerable feelings that connect two people once couples can read their own map they can see that their partner's context and when the blaming stops learning can begin because safety learning and by the way this is equally good news for single people because coming to terms with our attachment patterns is a great preparation for all close relationships and for those of us who are parents whether our children are still young or fully grown this understanding can deepen connection and if repair is needed it can help with that too but most of us know that it's one thing to understand a pattern and another thing to shift it and that takes us to our final takeaway slow down for the bump slow down for safety and learning some of the biggest bumps and triggers we meet in our lives come from our own attachment losses and longings it could be bereavement betrayal rejection some of the most common triggers come from within us it could be a mean self-critical voice that puts us down how can we help oursel weather these bumps when our attachment person is not available learning to pay mindful attention to the self is a great help with difficult feelings when we're triggered our breathing and heart ratees speed up that's the adrenaline if we can learn to slow those down we create a window where we can look with curiosity and respect on our troubled feelings and that will give us a chance to interrupt the fight flight mechanism before it sends us into attack or Retreat so that's our final takeaway but let's recap on the three with the last slide all Behavior makes sense in context save safy enables learning and slowing down can create that safety so let's learn to use a slow out breath to soothe our heart rate as our reactions soften our curiosity can grow curiosity brings openness to the other openness brings vulnerability and vulnerability is the heartbeat of all intimate relationships and this is why attachment theory is the science of love thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Landslide-m4f [3 likes]: I'm a 72 yo woman and discovered my attachment style at 71. Wish I had known 50 years ago, but glad I know now.
  2. @ascendantmale [2 likes]: the part where she talks about how early attachment patterns literally rewire how we respond to love as adults made me stop and just sit with that for a second, so much of my anxious behavior finally makes sense
  3. @VirenVarmaOfficial [1 likes]: Abcdef method is superpower with 4-8 engage senses hear breath feel touching belly ❤
  4. @VirenVarmaOfficial [1 likes]: Accuracy ❤
  5. @cheeky-cuppa [1 likes]: Awesome! Thank you for this! ❤
  6. @Suninmybelly [1 likes]: "And when the blaming stops, the learning can begin." Learning thrives in safety.  All behavior makes sense in context. Slowing down can create safety. Curiosity brings openness, which enables safety.
  7. @makirrro [1 likes]: Acknowledgement to Harry Harlow : monkey experiments
  8. @ivettediaz7286 [1 likes]: We experience attachment with our caregivers during childhood, a process that shapes the way we form bonds in adulthood, specifically, how we trust, how we navigate intimacy, and how we respond to rejection. This is not about blaming the past, but rather about recognizing patterns that operate unconsciously. Healthy love depends not solely on finding the “right” person, but on cultivating inner security and building relationships characterized by consistency, empathy, and emotional availability.
  9. @theschoolofbodylanguage: CONGRATULATIONS
  10. @drushasubhash1807: Very  nicely explained
  11. @davidaccurso3407: Finally someone personally and professionally comoassionately understands me that heartbreak don't necessarily mean your bipolar or nerotic, just human frailties that define us as free moral beings that is striving for acceptance to better others is to better ourselves full circle, yet be aware of our limitations, they serve as boundaries protections...thank you for tjis timely and well needed TEDx Talks it's a Godsend!
  12. @029132: Is it science?
  13. @RevasongAsong-kk3hy: Attachment should be thaught both at home and in school
  14. @ascendantmale: wait she just explained why i keep falling for emotionally unavailable people and honestly i wish i had watched this at age 16 instead of learning it through actual trauma lol
  15. @5150cappie: Encouraging hopium.
  16. @noor-ul-ain3779: Is she related to Barbara O'Neil? So much resemblance to her in her style and the way she talks wow
  17. @paulpierlott8461: Thank you.  Wonderful!
  18. @rosaliafeal671: ❤Sweetly Blessed Sweetie Sweeter 💖 ❤
  19. @chrisw3288: Mothers always knew this, just shows the influence of the Establishment!
  20. @misterbonzoid5623: 'Our attachment person' as adults? 
OK if you buy into monogamous relationships as the ideal, with marriage or civil partnerships as the state-encouraged model in the UK. This theory then applies. 
But read 'Steppenwolf' by Hermann Hesse and realise that physical and cultural evolutions happen at quite different rates and perhaps you see that we are not much different from our hunter-gatherer ancestors, living in tribes and not expecting one person to be our main 'mirror', or attachment person.

- Exploring Ancient Wisdom: Confucius, Laozi, and Zhuangzi's Impact on Philosophy and Modern Life: Kind: captions Language: en for over 2,000 years the wisdom of confucious liosi and jangi has shaped the way Millions view morality governance and the pursuit of a meaningful life but how do these ancient philosophies still influence us today what lessons can we take from their teachings to navigate our modern world let's embark on a journey through the profound insights of these three legendary philos philosophers and discover their impact on philosophy and daily life [music] confucious leoi and jangi three of the most influential thinkers in history offered distinct paths to understanding Life Society and the self their ideas became the foundations of Confucianism and Daoism two of the most enduring philosophical traditions of China confucious taught us about ethics Duty and social harmony laosi introduced the concept of Dao the mysterious force that flows through everything and jangi he challenged reality itself encouraging us to embrace freedom and spontaneity their wisdom has stood the test of time but but what exactly did they believe and how can we apply their teachings today let's begin with confucious confucious is often regarded as China's greatest teacher his philosophy deeply rooted in ethics and morality emphasized five core virtues benevolence righteousness propriety wisdom and faithfulness for confucious society flourishes when individuals act with integrity and respect he believed in the power of Education family loyalty and leading by example principles that still resonate in modern business politics and personal relationships one of confucius's most famous ideas is the Golden Rule do not do to others what you do not want done to yourself sound familiar this Universal principle appears in various cultures and religions forming the ethical backbone of society even today leaders worldwide apply confusion principles to create strong work ethics encourage respectful communication and build harmonious communities whether in corporate boardrooms or family discussions his influence is everywhere lioi the mysterious Sage is credited with writing the da de jing a foundational text of dosm unlike confucious who sought order through rules liosi believed in going with the flow of nature the Dao or the way he taught that life should be lived in harmony with the universe free from force and struggle the softest things of the world overcome the hardest things he wrote illustrating the power of patience adaptability and humility Leo's philosophy is often seen in modern mindfulness practices Stress Management and the growing trend of minimalism from meditation to slow living his teachings remind us that sometimes doing less leads to achieving more in an age of con hustle loos's wisdom teaches us to pause reflect and let things unfold naturally whether in leadership personal growth or handling stress his belief in effortless action is more relevant than ever jangi the wildest and most playful of these three thinkers took ly's ideas and expanded them into a world of paradoxes and humor his philosophy was one of radical freedom freedom from rigid thinking societal expectations and even from taking life too seriously one of his most famous stories tells of a dream in which he became a butterfly when he woke up he wondered was he jangi dreaming of being a butterfly or a butterfly dreaming of being jangi this mind-bending idea questions the nature of reality itself do we ever truly know what's real or are our perceptions shaping a limited version of the world zang's ideas resonate in modern philosophy psychology and even quantum physics he encourages us to embrace uncertainty let go of ego and find joy in the unpredictable nature of life his philosophy is a reminder that sometimes the best way to live is not to take life too seriously and to embrace the unexpected twists and turns of our journey so which philosophy speaks to you the most do you seek conf fuch's structured wisdom Leo's effortless flow or jang's playful Freedom perhaps the greatest lesson of all is that wisdom isn't about choosing one path but learning from them all if you enjoyed this journey into ancient Chinese philosophy give this video a thumbs up subscribe for more thought-provoking content and let me know in the comments which of these teachings do you relate to the most thanks for watching

- Calming Wisdom from Zhaungzi: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the little child learns to speak though it has no learned teachers because it lives with those who know how to speak your life has a limit but knowledge has none if you use what is limited to pursue what has no limit you will be in danger the sage is still not because he takes Stillness to be good and therefore is still the ten thousand things are insufficient to distract his mind that is the reason he is still a good completion takes a long time a bad completion cannot be changed later all men know the use of the useful but nobody knows the use of the use less not to understand is profound to understand is shallow not to understand is to be on the inside to understand is to be on the outside flow with whatever may happen let your mind be free stay centered by accepting whatever you're doing this is the ultimate foreign let your mind wander in simplicity blend your spirit with the vastness follow along with things the way they are and make no room for personal views then the world will be governed words have value what is a value in words is meaning has something it is pursuing but the thing that it is pursuing cannot be put into words and handed down the spirit tower has its Guardian but unless it understands who its Guardian is it cannot be guarded things joined by profit when pressed by Misfortune and danger will cast each other aside don't go in and hide don't come out and shine stand stock steel in the middle but a gentleman May Embrace a Doctrine without necessarily wearing the Garb that goes with it and he may wear the Garb without necessarily comprehending the doctrine to use a horse to show that a horse is not a horse is not as good as using a non-horse to show that a horse is not a horse we can't expect a blind man to appreciate beautiful patterns or a deaf man to listen to bells and drums and blindness and deafness are not confined to the body alone the understanding has them too if you were to hide the world in the world so that nothing could get away this would be the final reality of the constancy of things do not use life to give life to death do not use death to bring death to life moreover I have heard that those who are fond of praising men to their faces are also fond of damning them behind their backs people who excuse their faults and claim they didn't deserve to be punished there are lots of them but those who don't excuse their faults and admit that they didn't deserve to be spared they are few

  Top Comments:
  1. @erroneous6947 [1 likes]: I like when you throw philosophers at me that I haven’t heard of.

- Zhuangzi In-Depth: Professor Edward Slingerland: Kind: captions Language: en So Edward Slingland, thank you very much for joining me today. How are you doing? I'm good. Thanks for having me. Yeah, pleasure. So for those of you of those of the audience who don't know who you are, could you maybe just introduce yourself and tell them a bit about the work that you do? Yeah. So I'm a professor at the University of British Columbia in the Asian studies department, but my background is really in religious studies, philosophy, comparative philosophy. So I work on early Chinese thought. So pre Buddhist Chinese thought and particularly interested in Confucianism and what's called Daoism, right? It's a later term applied to these early thinkers like Dwangza and Nza. Um and more recently last 15 years or so I've been involved in uh science humanities integration. So using knowledge from the sciences to help us do our work as humanity scholars better and help us understand the things the texts that we study better. So that resulted in this uh recent trade book called trying not to try about where I'm integrating uh views of early Chinese thinkers on this idea of wooi you know about effortless action right and the tension involved in trying to become effortless how do you try to be spontaneous walking people through the various uh early Chinese solutions supposedly to this problem none of them actually sticks because it is a real paradox. There's no uh there's no solution to it. And then talking about from a modern psychological social psychological cognitive scientific perspective why the paradox of trying to try is a real paradox. So it falls out of the structure of our mind when we're trying not to try where the part of the brain that's being activated is the part where you actually need to shut down. So it's directly paradoxical. Um but then also how each of these four strategies has something to recommend it. Each of these four strategies identifies identifies accurately barriers to spontaneity or barriers to being authentic that um are real problems and that the the solutions the strategies that they propose could be useful um for certain people in certain situations who are trying to get into a state of spontaneity. That's how I found you, through trying not to try in my research for WOI. And what I really appreciate about your work is bringing these ancient ideas and and looking at them, evaluating them with neuroscience, with psychology, and showing that they still have value to provide to our modern complex lives. And you do it without any of the woowoo. You do it with and with an appropriate sense of of awe and wonder given the subject matter. Um, so yeah, I've really thoroughly enjoyed your work and I'm really grateful for you taking the time to speak to me. So today we're going to talk about Dongza. And the reason I contacted you is because in trying not to try, you mentioned that Dr. is one of your favorite if not your favorite piece of philosophy. Um, so yeah, it's a bit of an exploration together to try and understand Dr.'s thought and maybe we could just start a bit about the man himself if we know uh we have a book named the Drongza um but beyond that the details are a bit limited so I was wondering who is this man that we call Dongza yeah it's a good question we don't know we really know nothing about him um he I think so the scholarly opinion is that it's possible he was a real person real historical figure. The text that we have that's called the Dwangzu is a bit of a mess. So, it's got a lot of different layers in it. It's got a lot of different types of content in it. We know that the received version, the version that we have today was edited by a person named Guang who in his preface says um that he he inherited a sort of the current version is 33 chapters. Guang inherited a version that had many more chapters that he didn't like or thought were repetitive or not interesting and he threw them out. So there's it's the the received version that we have is a mess already and it was even more uh diverse when it before it was edited. So that's part of the problem in trying to figure out who the author was is because the text itself is very messy. But I think that uh the you know the standard division of the book is into inner outer and miscellaneous chapters. Those are categories that Guang put on the text. And I think it's not implausible that the the so-called inner chapters. So the first seven chapters were written by one person. They're really distinctive writing style. It's like nothing. The classical Chinese is really different. Um, it's one of the most difficult texts to read in classical Chinese in the in the uh pre-Chin period, partly because of the author's making up words. The the Chinese language as he inherited it is just not sufficient. And so he's inventing adjectives and adverbs. Um, it's commentators debate how to understand these terms. It's uh the way I try to describe it, I think I'd say this and try not to try. It's a bit when you read the dwangza after reading the rest of early Waring States Chinese thought, it's kind of like listening to um Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band after hearing just like the Beatles poppy stuff in the 60s, right? All of a sudden there's sitars and they're interrupting the songs and there's things like the shifting tempos and um you really get the feeling that somebody just started someone just discovered LSD, right? This is what happened in between. And that's what you feel like reading the Dwangza because it's the pre-chin material is pretty stayed pretty much grounded in everyday life. And then suddenly in the Dwangza, you've got talking animals and these big fish transforming into huge birds and uh discussions of death and afterlife. And it's just it's something completely different. And it really the the inner chapters do seem to bear the stylistic imprint of a single person. So if you want to call that person, we might as well call that person Dwangs. There's no way we would ever actually know. But I do feel like there was a person who wrote at least the inner chapters and maybe had influence on some of the outer and miscellaneous chapters. So when I talk about in my class when I teach this material when we're talking about Dwangza we're talking about this author. So basically whoever was behind the inner chapters and some of the outer miscellaneous chapters. So that's really all we that's all we can say. There's some legendary stories about this person. There's stories in the text about him. Uh I think one thing we can some things we can glean from the text is that this person probably was trained as a moist legician. So they seem to be this is a relatively new discovery that the um inner chapters author probably is using these uh certain terms in a technical logical sense and it's the suggests that they were trained in this material. So they may have been a trained basically trained philosopher. Uh one of the other bits of personal information in the text we have is that this person's friends with Sher who was a famous logician Wade and that's plausible too. So I mean I think the what I my gut feeling about this person is they were uh trained as a legician possibly this person trained with weights but became disaffected with that approach realized that that approach was not actually doing what it was supposed to do and and that led them off into this other um this other way. So so you can get little bits of what this person what their training must have been like. clearly member of the educated elite, but beyond that, it's really hard to say. Certainly, the the literary prowess is a real pleasure. He explores quite deep topics, but with humor and lightness and talking trees and benevolent bandits that I haven't found in another philosopher before, which is just so so much fun. Uh so maybe to talk so it's a piece of of literary art and as well as philosophy and Burton Watson he he says that Jongs's philosophy could be thought of as one of freedom. Is that a notion that you would agree with and if so what what do you think Burton Watson means by that? Yeah. Um I have I have a whole uh lecture in my online uh course on early Chinese philosophy where I argue against Burton Watson's interpretation essentially. Um so it depends on how what you mean by freedom. So this is a standard way to approach the dwangza. one of the problems. So, one of the problems with accessing the Dwangs as a non-class Chinese reader is there actually isn't a there isn't one good English translation. And I'm actually I was this was going to be my retirement project, but I've decided my next major academic project is going to be a translation of the Dwangza because I don't think there's a good single translation. So, Burton Watson is the best for style. He really captures the the language of the text and the humor of the text in a way that's going to be really hard to shake. Like it's I'm going to be fighting against Burton Watson every day translating this text because his his pros is in my head and he really renders some of these adjectives and adverbs in a way that would be hard to improve upon. Uh but Watson didn't he was reading the text through Buddhist commentary. So he was actually reading the dwangza in a Japanese edition through the commentary of a Japanese Buddhist scholar. And so Watson just really subconsciously inherited a lot of this Buddhist view of the dwangza that I think misreads it in certain respects and one of those respects is this idea of freedom. So you know the in the Buddhist concept we're trapped in the cycle of sapsada. we need to get freed from it and therefore you know you can see Dwangza as a philosopher of liberation and he does use liberation language he talks about being freed from things but I think it's important to see that what Dwangza wants you to be free of unlike in in Buddhism you want to be free of everything right you want to be free of the entire cycle of samsada the dwangza just wants you to be free of the human world so he thinks that the problem with us is that we're trapped in this conventional human world that's defined defined by language, defined by social expectations and social roles. And that that's crippling to us. It suffocates us. And what we need to do is is liberate ourselves from that world. But once we do that, it's not that anything goes or we're completely outside of the world and free in some onlogical metaphysical sense. What what freeing ourselves from the human allows us to do is submit to the heavenly. So there's a kind it's a weird combination where becoming free the only way to become free from the human world for him is to give yourself up to the inevitability of the Dao of the way. And so the Dwangian sage is not free from heaven. In fact they're what makes them free from the human is subjecting themselves to the heavenly and to the restraints of the heavenly. Um, and so when you look at these skill stories like the butcher, wood carver, um, so wood carver ching or or butcher ding, they're they're not just freestyling, right? What what their skill is is being able to free their minds from preconceptions and from language. And that allows them to actually see the world the way it really is. They see in the text, the way the text puts it is the heavenly pattern. and they see the heavenly pattern of the wood or the heavenly pattern of the ox and that allows them to then conform to that heavenly pattern. So when wood carver Ching is creating this beautiful bell stand he has he has a real feeling his his phenomenological it's kind of inside psychological feeling about it is that he's just freeing this bell stand that's in the wood already. It's interesting Michelangelo talked about sculpture that way as well. A lot of artists talk about their work that way, that what they're doing is really just allowing the material they're working in to express itself and release the heavenly pattern that's in there. And so it's a freedom, freedom from the human, yes. Um but but part of being free from the human involves submitting yourself to the demands of nature, heaven, however you want to think of it. So it's complicated. It's not just sheer freedom. It's um in dwang and even in the human there are passages in the inner chapters that suggest that part of being free involves accepting your social situation as well. This is one of the tricky things about the dwangza text. Um so the if you think about like litzer the da de jing that's in a way that's more about freedom in the sense that they want you to really renounce the way you live in the world as a civilized human being. They want you to drop out and go live in a small agricultural village. So really kind of radical transformation of your life. Um you don't see that in the dwangza. So all of his exemplars are actually involved in confusion culture essentially. That's often obscured. It's obscured a bit in Watson's translation that um Butcher Ding is not just a he's not a cook. He's not like the Lord one way is not wandering into his kitchen. It's Butcher Ding is probably cutting up an ox in this big public confusion ceremony to that where you use the blood of the ox to consecrate a new bell. Um, that's why the Lord is there because it's actually at a big public ceremony. So, so butcher Ding is involved in doing Confucian ritual. Uh, wood carver Ching is not carving like a cute little bell stand that he's going to sell at some farmers market, you know, in this cute rural town. He's building he's carving one of these stands for for these huge confusion bells that were used in court music. Um so the and there are other people who are basically politicians or there's even a a Dwangzian tax collector in one of the outer chapters. Um so these people are all involved in society and in a way they're accepting their role in society. They're just not getting trapped by it. So it's a tricky it's liberation but it's liber it's a kind of internal liber you're you're freeing yourself on the inside but you're still aware of the constraints that having a body and being a human impose on you. So it's a complicated view and I think it's a little bit more subtle than the the what I call the primitivist movement which I think the da jing the laa text is part of is this primitive let's reject society and go live in these small communities. The dwangs is about transforming your relationship to society not not rejecting it. Yeah that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. And I like the way you talked about Jongza explores the weeds of society and you have everyday sages and we can learn from the everyday man not just Confucious and Lson and these great people. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Yeah. and trying to and trying to and also celebrating. I mean, part of the one of the odd features of the text is there are lepers and people who have lost legs and um hunchbacks and just like this. And I think what he's trying to do is show you that um you don't know where wisdom is, right? You don't necessarily it's not necessarily in the person who looks like the big fancy confusion sage. Um, and that's that's part of the appeal of the book as well is it's um examining the trying to find wisdom in these everyday moments rather than in these fancy confusion texts or rituals. It' be interesting to hear a bit about the context of that world. I mean maybe a short summary of of maybe the waring states and then Confucianism against which Dongza seemed to be writing. He talked a lot about kind of the constraints that the dominant confusion approach may put on people. So I don't know if you could speak a bit about that. Yeah. So the waring states is this period where China is divided between these various states that are all vying for dominance. So this is roughly 600 500s BC down to 221 when one of these states the Chin state which is why we call China China finally unifies China under imperial rule. So this is the period right before the unification of China and it was an interesting period because everything was in flux. There was new technologies, literacy was expanding, and yet it wasn't clear what civilization was going to look like. The older feudal system had broken down. Um there were new models of social organization. There was um there were a lot of new ideas about how to organize society floating around. And so that's why it was an exciting exciting period in Chinese sometimes called the period of the hundred schools because there were all these philosophical schools vying with one another. And one of the big schools was that we can loosely call Confucianism believe that the answer to this confusion and chaos and fighting was for people to accept this traditional culture that came down from the western Joe dynasty that involved rit various ritual practices um that really encompassed everything from big state rituals like the the bell um consecration ceremony down to the way you dress and the way you sat and the way you spoke. So pretty all-encompassing model of behavioral guidelines if you want to think of them that way in the form of ritual and that also thought you needed to shape your mind by studying these ancient texts that in their view encompass personified the insights of these sage kings these ancient sage kings so that's the context in which Dwangza's writing is that there's this there's one there's a school of the confucions who are saying we need to get back to ancient Joe culture. There's another rival school called the Moets who believe that tradition can't save us. What we need to do is use our rationality and figure out what's the most beneficial way to be. So this there's this the Moist were essentially they were they were utilitarians. So they believe that you could figure out the right thing to do. You can figure out the right thing to do by figuring out what produced the greatest benefits, what sort of behavior produc produced the greatest benefits. And once you logically figured that out, you just could force yourself to behave in that way. And they believe one of the principles that fell out of utilitarian reasoning was what they called impartial caring. So caring for everyone the same way, whether they're your father or someone else's father, you should treat them the same way. So that's another school he was fighting against. um an offshoot of that school. I think the the logicians he was grappling with were a type of moist who believed that you could once you figured out what the right way to behave was, you could formulate that in very specific teachings, verbal expressions that you could then apply in an objective way in everyday life. So every for every choice you had, you would have a maxim that would tell you the right thing to do. Um so that's kind of the context and then he's also got um in the mixed are the primitivists so the kind of loud school people who are saying we have to reject society and go back to living in nature. You had uh individualist kind of uh screw the world and worry about yourself people. So the youngest who said you know let's just worry about our bodies. You know, all we know is that we have bodies and we have a lifespan. Let's live that lifespan out the best we can and not get involved in politics, not get involved in debates about things. Let's just try to be healthy essentially and live out our lives. So those are the youngest and you see youngest and primitivist writings in the text, the dwangza. So that's what's confusing about the text. you have all these different strands. But I think the the inner chapters Dwangza is opposed to all these people and his his basic I think in a nutshell what Dwangza thinks is that the world is so complicated and it's changing so fast that you can't track it with logical or verbal categories and you can't track it with ancient ritual guidelines or ancient texts. The only way to actually track the world and respond accurately to it is to make your mind tenuous or empty. So you do this this famous idea of fasting of the mind, right? You empty your mind in some way and you're emptying it of preconceptions of things that you've learned of your sense of your own importance or how cool you are or smart you are. When you can do that, the world as it really is will reveal itself to you. The heavenly pattern will reveal itself to you and then you'll be able to move through the world in a skillful way. And so he in a way he's rejecting all the various schools around him for the same reason. And I think he would reject the Dao Jing Laa authors as well because they're saying this is the right way to live. And he doesn't think we know what the right way to live is. That the right way to live is whatever is right in the moment based on your judgment once you've freed yourself from preconceptions and you're you're responding to the world with this this force he calls the spirit that's inside you instead of using your mind. So that's a context in which he's he's writing. there's this um you know hundreds of hundred schools all debating each other about what the the best way to live is. And he thinks that um thinking that you could figure that out and that then you'd know you'd have like a 100% fail safe way to act is is wrong that we don't know. And it's you see this in the text itself where he's um he's constantly undermining things he says, right? He doesn't he doesn't want to say there's no right and wrong and it's wrong to believe in right and wrong because that would be setting up a right and wrong. So he's constantly saying something and then undermining it. He'll say something and then say well is what I just said does that really say anything or does it say nothing? Um, I think his his strategy for getting around this problem of language is to just present us. The reason there's so many stories in the text is that I think he he's not going to tell you the right way to live. What he's going to do is show you people living the right way and hope that you will figure out what you need to do to emulate them. Um, so that's his goal is to basically liberate individuals. And so that's in that sense it is a kind of philosophy of freedom but liberate you so that you can actually act the way you're supposed to act given the real restraints of the world. Yeah. I love it when he says I've said many words in my life but have I actually said anything something to that. Yeah. Yeah. Is is are the words that I say any different from the chirpings of birds? He says at one point. Um so he's and he's doing this deliberately quite deliberately. He's he's really worried about getting trapped in a fixed statement or philosophy. So this is what makes him interesting as a philosopher and so uh difficult to pin down. Um I like the way in try not to try you talk about Confucious as I think by memory an uptight grandfather. Could you speak a little bit on on that? Yeah, there's it's there's different there's different Confuciouses. So, um there's the kind of caricature Confucious who is this uptight grandfather. He's this stiff ceremonialist. He only wants to do certain things certain ways the way the Joe dynasty did it. He gets really upset if people depart from traditional behavior in any way. Um and that that confucious does pop up in the text and get criticized. Um so there are people who have characterized Dwangza as a kind of confusion as like a really liberal wing of the Confucian school. Um and I don't think it's completely crazy way to look at him because there are if you read the analcts of Confucious there's another Confucious there. Um, the Confucious, there's the Confucious there that people don't always know about is the Confucious who is about flexibility and being sensitive to context and knowing when it's time to modify things or change things. Um, so it's Confucious in and the Dwangza is a very complex figure. So sometimes Dwangza uses Confucious as his mouthpiece to express his own views. Right? So sometimes Confucious is really just giving telling us what Dwangza thinks is the case. Um there are times when he is appearing as the kind of uptight ritualist who needs to loosen up a little bit. Um there are also times when he appears as a really kind of almost noble tragic figure. So there's a there's a passage is I think it's is it the one I think it's the same one with a funeral. So um there's a great whoever wrote whoever wrote the Dwang person we'll call Jwangza also was very familiar with Confucianism. They had certainly had read the analcts of Confucious. They know the different disciples and they know their personality types. Um so there's a great passage where uh Confucious one of uh these there's a group of dowist sages and one of them dies and so Confucious sends his disciple Zugong to go pay his respects and Zugong is a great choice because in the anal itself Zugong is like the uptight disciple. Zugong is the one who knows how to do ritual. He's really good at it but he sometimes isn't as flexible as he could be. Um, at one point Confucious calls him a vessel. He calls him a chi. Um, which is a kind of ritual vessel, which seems to suggest that he's got he's very good at doing this narrow thing, but he lacks this kind of flexibility. Um, so Zugong shows up and the the three friends who are left are getting drunk and banging on tubs and singing. They're certainly not doing proper confusion ritual. Um, and Zugong freaks out and and runs back to Confucious and says, "I don't know who these people are." And Confucious says, "Oh, I shouldn't have sent you." So, he realizes that Zugong was the wrong person to send because he's so rigid. And then he says something to the extent of, "These are people who live beyond the bounds of the human." Um, you and I, Zong, we're stuck here in this world. Um, they wander in this world beyond us. and and then he says something like but it's you know it's our kind of fate to be here in this world and we have to do what we're doing and so he's it's Confucious in a couple of these passages seems to acknowledge that the Dwangian sages are liberated from the human world in a way that he is not but also seems to be saying well it's my fate heaven kind of faded me to live in the human world and so that's what I'm doing and in that way he's kind of a noble figure like he realizes his limitations and accepts them. Um, so he's he the the person of Confucious is complicated in the Dwangza and I think one of the signs of some of these chapters that aren't from the inner chapters author are the ones that kind of crudely make fun of Confucious. There are chapters where he's made fun of and presented as a kind of idiot. Um, and I don't think those are the products of this inner chapters author. They had a much more complicated view of Confucious. So certainly complexity that is a common theme you know he doesn't just have a broad brush of any sort of character he appreciates the nuance in each position. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Cool. So it's good to get understand some context of uh the period in which was writing in and the sort of other ideas that were prominent in his time. And one of the things I enjoy the most about the text is his ability uh to just ridicule using humor and parable and uh hilarious characters to try and challenge the certainty that I have or we have on concepts like right, wrong, good, evil, useful, usefulness, life, death. Um he brings a whole lot of nuance and humor to those sort of concepts. He allocates a lot of stories to exploring those sort of judgments and concepts. What do you think uh Jongza had? What what was his problem with judgments and these sort of the certainty we certainty we have around these concepts? His ma he thinks the main flaw of human beings is our tendency to use our mind to make right and wrong distinctions. He describes this as the essence of being human. So his view of human beings is kind of complicated. We have this uh heavenly spirit inside of us that we can get in touch with if we can downregulate our mind and allow our spirit to take over. But it's our nature to not do that. It's our nature to want to follow our mind and make our mind the ruler. And so one way to look at what he's trying to do is dethrone the mind as the controller of our behavior. He wants us to tap into something that he sees as deeper. Um and so the problem is we use our mind and the one of the functions of the mind is to cut up the world into clear categories. His view that's what the mind's for in a way. And so the w the mind chunks up the world into categories and puts labels on them and then we're supposed to use those categories to to navigate our behavior in the world. And he thinks the problem with that is again that that the world is too complex. The world is changing all the time. I think you know the one saw debate about how to understand the story that opens the Dwangza the story of this big whale type creature that turns into a bird and flies south turns into the pong bird. Um I think one one theme that's being expressed there is this idea in Chinese classical Chinese it's huh transformation it's probably the best way to do it. Uh but things are constantly transforming into other things and so categories aren't stable and so cate we can't navigate the world using fixed categories and so what he wants you to do what he thinks the dowist sage does is he the metaphor he uses sometimes is making your mind like a mirror so you your mind is just going to reflect what's in front of it and categories and ideas of right and wrong and teachings from the past. These are all things that obscure your mirror that make it so that your mirror is dirty and it's not actually reflecting what's in front of it. So if you can clear fast your mind, clear away these these categories and these concepts, what you'll be left with is this empty or tenuous mirror that can actually really reflect what's in front of it. And it doesn't mean not making, this is something people also sometimes get a little bit wrong about the dwangs, I think, is it's not about not making distinctions at all. Because to live in the world, you have to choose left versus right. You got to choose which way you're going to go. When Butcher Ding or the wood carver are doing their thing, they're making choices all the time. I'm going to cut here and not here. Um, the difference is that if your mind is empty, you see what's really in front of you and then you make the decision based on what's in front of you, not what you think is in front of you. You're actually making it in real response to reality instead of to reality overlaid by all these categories that's obscuring your view of what's in front of you. And so that's his main his main worry about rigid right and wrong is that it's obscuring our view of the world. Um, and you see this so as you know in the social world. So you're not interacting with people the right way because you have certain preconceptions about who they are or what they are based on what they look like or I mean that's why he um I think he celebrates these people who are you know have one leg or they're hunchback or they're a leper or they're a butcher. So, I mean, it's I think it's hard for us to realize how radical it is for him to use a butcher as a spiritual exemplar because butchers were the lowest of the low in Confucian society. Um, it was a kind of almost kind of outcast profession because you were taking life. You your job was to kill things. And, um, so butchers were really kind of viewed with suspicion. Um and and yet in chapter three of the Dwangza, we have this butcher who's a spiritual exemplar and who's showing us how to who's teaching this Lord how to live his life. So I think that's part of the idea too is you you know you need to suspend your your stereotypes and your preconceptions about who people are and actually interact with them as they really are. And that's the way to um that's the way to move through both the physical and the social world skillfully. Yeah. Fascinating. And I think that for me that's his ability to just very clearly illustrate the the the limitations of these concepts and right or wrong and and life and death in particular for me in in my current has just been yeah just amazing. Another sort of set of constructs that he talks about are desires and and tendency it seems that he saw around him. People desiring to consume more or do more, you know, be more intellectual, be more successful and that was at the the cost of happiness or or freedom. He uses the story of the caged pheasant where the feeasant would happily go a 100 steps to get some water rather than be pampered in a cage. Um why what do you think Jongza thought the problem with following desire was? Well, it's it's a similar problem. So it's you it's desire based on rigid ideas of what's success and what's not success. So um you decide that having being successful means having this type of job and this type of house and this type of car and you there's a beautiful passage um in chapter 2 where he talks about great learning versus petty learning or or great sorry great knowledge versus petty knowledge and it seems to describe people who are on this treadmill where they're constantly pursuing more stuff because they have a rigid idea of what success involves. And in fact, they're making themselves miserable. So they are wearing their bodies out. They're wearing their spirits out. They never they never stop. They're always moving. They're never quite happy. And the his diagnosis of that problems, it's essentially the same diagnosis he has with regard to moral certainty. Um you don't want to be certain that you're right and other people are wrong. You also don't want to be attached to a particular model of success, especially if it's one that's given to you by your society. So, he thinks society gives us these notions of what it means to be successful. And they're often wrong. And so um you don't want to turn yourself into this caged feeasant or the you know the famous story about um Dwangza being offered a job and the the imper the court of a ruler right so that's success being a that's what all these philosophers wanted essentially was to be at a court of a ruler and have this kind of basically tenure track have a tenure job at a university. That was success. Um, and so someone comes and offers Dwangza, he's fishing on this river and offers him this job and he says, um, I hear there's this great sacred turtle in this this court of this ruler who's kept in a fancy box and he's woripped. And guy says, "Yeah, that's true." And he says, "Um, do you think that turtle would rather be there being worshiped and in this fancy box or would he rather be here dragging his tail in the mud in the side of the river?" The guy says, "Well, he'd probably be dragging his tail in the mud." And Sanga says, "Well, then let me drag my tail in the mud. Go away." Right? I don't want to be trapped in this thing that is going to kill me and that people think is what I should be aspiring to, but it's not what I aspire to. So it's it's the identical problem to moral certainty is thinking that you know you know what success is and when you think you know that you pursue it and you fail to notice that it's killing you that it's making you miserable that wearing you out. So he wants again that's a type of liberation theme in the Dwangza is liberating you from social expectations and I think that's very much relevant to today's society just as ancient Chinese society given that Jongza talked about the the limits and the danger of following desires. What just with your kind of neuroscientist and psychologist hats on, why is it that human beings seem to have that tendency to keep on desiring and never getting there? Yeah. So the the problem with us is that we habituate. So the same it's the same feature of why if there's a um background noise in your environment, if you live near the train tracks, you eventually stop hearing the trains, right? So, our sensory systems are designed to filter out the stuff we already know and to focus on new things. Um, so if you regularly have trains going by your house, at first you would notice it and then you don't. Your your brain starts saying, "Let's ignore that that input now because we already know about that." Um, so that's good for humans to navigate the world. Um the problem with this is we habituate to pleasures too. So once you have you ever been, you know, in a long hiking camping trip and you get home and you take a hot shower for the first time and you put on clean clothes for the first time and you sit in a comfortable chair for the first time, you're like, "This is awesome. This is like the best thing that's ever happened to me." Um but within a couple days, you just it's just like that's what you do. you sit in a comfortable chair or you're clean, you're used to it. So that that's habituation. Um, and that's the main problem people have when it comes to happiness. So this is psychologists sometimes refer to this as the h hadonic treadmill that once you acquire something that you desired, you then desire something new. We we seem to be humans seem to be built in such a way that we are never satisfied. And that's a good way to build an organism because you don't want an organism to just sit around and be like, "Oh, I'm happy now. I'm not going to do anything else." You want organisms to constantly be striving trying to get more. Um, so from an evolutionary perspective, it makes sense. It's just from a individual human happiness perspective, it really it's a problem. It's why we're always we're never happy. we get the the car we think we want and then within couple months we're habituated to it and we want a fancier car. Um and and you know marketers so capitalism is built on this um churning of desire, right? We're always being presented with new things that we now suddenly need. And you know advertisers are very good at tapping into this. So this is why you get convinced you need, you know, the new iPhone when your old iPhone is perfectly fine, but suddenly everyone has this new iPhone and you need that. And so he's he's diagnosing this um and the Dao De Jing authors are also worried about this too. The kind of artificial desire that society creates. Um it's this uh we're we're distracted by shiny objects, right? were always pursuing these things and they never satis they the way we're we're built in such a way that they there's no way they could actually satisfy us once we get this new pleasure we habituate to it and then it's not a pleasure anymore and so Dwangza wants to try to short circuit that that constant that h hadonic treadmill the constant pursuing of pleasures by getting us to realize that um maybe the thing we have now is what we want and we don't need to pursue the next thing. Um, so that's why I mean one way to look at it is he's trying to get you to he's trying to get you to undo your habituation. So he wants to undo social learning where we've gotten these rigid categories about the world. But I think he also to put it in modern psychological terms, I think he wants us to try to fight against habituation. So I'm sitting in this comfortable chair. Um, I'm drinking great Vancouver tap water, which is when I first moved to Vancouver, I was like, "Wow, the tap water is delicious." Because I was coming from LA where the tap water is disgusting. Um, but I've habituated to it now. So now I'm just like, it's w tastes like that. Um, Dwangza would want us to act, he would Dwangza would want me to in the moment when I drink the water appreciate that this is delicious water like try to recover that pleasure that I had. Um, and I think he thinks if we can do that, we've now freed ourselves from one of the engines that drives unhappiness. It's one of the things that is constantly driving us to get new things. If we can actually recover our sense of pleasure and just things around us that we already have. Fascinating. Thank you. I'm going to enjoy this. It's really delicious watering. I just came from Scotland. So there's Yeah, very good. It's not quite as good. Um so maybe just what's your favorite bit about Dongza? I mean you you talked about um the fact that is one of your favorite pieces of philosophy? Why why has it struck something inside of you where other pieces may not have? I mean all all of the early warning states thinkers that I teach and that I read are appealing for various reasons. I think they all have something important to say. I think I the dwangza is just stands apart because it is so funny. Um it's seems to be the product of of this really brilliant and thoughtful individual who who saw things about the human condition that I think are deeply true and that it's amazing you know you read these um like this chapter two the the great knowledge versus small knowledge passage and it sounds like a critique of modern capitalist society. Like it really it's amazing the degree to which the the things he diagnosed seem to be eternal universal human problems. And I think his his way of um his proposed solution, he doesn't have a fixed solution, but he's got these various strategies are just obviously useful. So there, you know, the confusion stuff is there's um there there important insights about why social knowledge is important, why rituals are important, why learning from the past is important, why recognizing the the role of other people in your life is important. So the importance of social roles and understanding the duties of being a father and being a son or being a husband or being a child. Um these realizing these role specific duties is important. Um but there's a kind of Dwangza has got a kind of um universal applicability to it. This idea of being empty and open to what's around you has a kind of um it's something you can apply in almost any situation and it's good therapy, right? You read the dwangza and you feel a little bit looser and calmer and ready to respond to things better. Um so there's just something um invigorating about the text. So, it's it really is the most I think it's the if I had one book, it would be the Dwangza. I think it's really the most important um both content wise and stylewise that I've ever read. Have you heard of the British program Desert Island Discs? No. It's on radio 4, which is, you know, very proper British um media and celebrities and politicians go on and they have five uh tracks or records um discs. Okay. A book and an object. So that would be your desert island book. Oh, okay. Yeah, that would be my desert island book. Yeah, definitely. And if someone wanted to get started in exploring the rich world of Jungza, how would you recommend them doing that? Yeah, that's the problem is that there's not a real there's not a single good English translation. Um, and I mean I it's my next project, but it's going to be like this is six, seven years out before anyone will be able to read that. Um, Burton I think this if you're stuck reading one translation, Burton Watson's still probably the best. He really does capture the the style and the feel of the text. It's fun to read. He's a really great pro stylist. Um so I think Burton Watson's um essential Dwangza, so the he translates the inner chapters and some of the outer miscellaneous chapters, that's probably the best introduction to Dwangza you can get. Um there's a chapter on the Dwangza my try not to try book which relates Dwangzian themes to modern psychology cognitive science. Um I think that you mentioned in an email that cartoon version of the dwangza right um and that's recently been translated into English by a colleague of mine Brian Bruya. Um and I wrote a preface for the next edition of that. So Princeton's putting out a new edition of that. Um, and I read that in Taiwan in the 80s and loved it. It's it's um it cap it also does a good job of capturing the spirit of the Dwangza. Um I I still think conceptually it gets some things wrong because it's still reading Dwangza through this Buddhist lens, but um it's it's a beautiful little book. Um yeah, it's hard to know where to go. eight. There's a translation of the inner chapters by AC Graham who was a pioneer in Dwangza studies who really got us to see how some of these passages you can't understand unless you understand that Dwangza is using certain words in a technical lowest logic sense and it completely transforms the way you understand certain passages. So AC Graham is great for the philosophy, but it's a um it's terrible to read. It's really it's a really painful translation to try to read. So um it's he gets the philosophy right, but he doesn't really capture the style. Um and it's a slo it's a slog. I'm not sure I'd recommend that to a general reader. Um yeah, so there's not really uh then you know there's a couple other uh Victor Mayor has a translation that's gets the literary qualities but again not all the philosophy I think. Um it's hard to know what to recommend. So what I would recommend I guess is reading different translations. If you can't read classical Chinese, the best thing to do is triangulate by reading some different English translations and um getting a sense of how they differ and what some translations capture and what other translations don't. Um I don't know how else to do it when you're you're cut off from the original language, right? Yeah. Yeah. Certainly my approach is is taking as many different translations as I can in order to just as best as I can approximate. Uh and if people want to find out what you're up to, would you recommend any books or or ways to connect with you? Uh yeah, so there's Try Not to Try. There's uh another resource people could use is I have an online uh MOO, one of these massive open online courses on foundations. great course. I've I've used it so yeah so that um the lecture videos for that are on YouTube and so you can act and I have a whole module on Dwangza that people can watch um and otherwise I'm on Facebook and Twitter. Um, but I'm right now I'm working on a trade book on intoxication that's on the function of drunkenness and intoxication and human life and human civilization. And it's actually a book that was inspired uh by Dwangzen. It's inspired by a certain a passage in the Dwangza about being drunk on heaven. Um, so it's uh it's yeah, interestingly the Yeah. My next the trade book I'm writing right now was prompted in some ways by the drawings. That's a point that stuck with me from reading Try Not to Try that I've discussed with friends is is the the use of alcohol to be a a lubricant in social interactions. Yeah, it's fascinating and found all cultures many cultures and puzzling from an evolutionary perspective given how damaging alcohol is. It's really it's a poison. It's a neurotoxin, right? It's really there's a reason our body tries to get it out of our body as quickly as possible and yet humans still pursue it and there's a reason for that. So the this this this book is basically a um an elaboration of some of those themes and trying not to try or why you know we have these cooperation dilemmas we need to get past and um one technology cultural technology we've come up with for doing that is is alcohol and other intoxicants. basically downregulate prefrontal cortex. So, um that's the project I'm working on right now. Well, we could talk all day. Uh it's been a very rich and interesting conversation for me. Thank you for your time. Yeah. So, thanks for having me. It's fun. Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @邱初捐 [3 likes]: I have to disagree with the professor here on the point of laotsu's idea of freedom. In the text daodejing, laotsu is not encouraging us to free ourselves from society and live in a small village or whatnot. What He advocates is actually very similar to zhuangzi. As a matter of fact, zhuang actually gets his core idea from laotsu but just approach his writing in very different literally style. What they talk about is actually the same thing. The daodejing text is very elusive because of its aphorisms, therefore leaves a lot of room for misinterpretation.
  2. @Philosopherjonathanmorel [2 likes]: I’m not sure that’s quite what’s happening. Ziporyn seems to suggest that Zhuangzi isn’t advocating for a literal withdrawal from society, but rather a release from the rigid perspectives, social identities, and value systems that trap us within it. In other words, the freedom Zhuangzi points to isn’t an escape from human life, but an escape from the assumptions that make human life feel fixed, burdensome, or singular. His ideal person doesn’t abandon the world—they move through it fluidly, without being captured by any one role or point of view. I’m curious what you think of that distinction: that Zhuangzi is dissolving the authority of the “human viewpoint” rather than rejecting human life itself.
  3. @akshaykamathb2788 [1 likes]: 9:47 transalation of zhun
11:12 Zhun just wants you to be free of the human world
31:45 we have this heavenly spirit inside of us which we can get in touch with if we could down-regulate our mind.
37:46 wearing their spirits out
9:47 translation of Zhun
  4. @BasicBuddhist [1 likes]: George your palpable love of Tao really shows through in your videos, your enthusiasm and curiocity is contageous. Well done.
  5. @helenmtree5539: Oh I love this. So succinct!! Thank you 🙏
  6. @ello0olle: Tasavvuf'ta denir ki: Eğer çabalamadan çabalayan birini fark ederseniz asla ona bunu söylemeyin. Bu hali kaybetmesine yol açarsınız.
Yani bu sonradan kazanılanilecek bir beceri değil bence. Ama örneğin çocuklarda doğuştan var olan bir hal ise onu bozmamalıyız. Bilgi ile yapmak mümkün değil ama buna niyet etmek bir gün bize bunu kısmet edebilir. Şöyle derler: aramakla bulunmaz ama bulanlar arayalanlardır.
  7. @mileskiing: I think emulate could mean use as blueprint, which I think is not the way. Or maybe sometimes emulate something or maybe not maybe sometimes emulate. Maybe Chuang Tzu is saying trust yourself. Maybe it’s just mocking all philosophy.
  8. @guillaumemaurice3503: Thank you for sharing this that was a very interesting video and so fascinating to learn. 😊❤🙏
  9. @dannymeske3821: EMPTY YOUR CUP BRUCE LEE
  10. @MBT意识科学: Very interesting conversation!

But I still think some big part is missing here.  Zhuangzi had a fundamental insight about the relation between relative state and absolute state (which is the Tao by the way, and should not be translated into 'the way').  And this insight contributed very much to the later Zen tradition.
  11. @ghostbeetle2950: Hu. Sounds like Zhuangzi was a kind of Chinese Socrates, or perhaps Seneca/Marus Aurelius? The wise man knows that he knows nothing, and autonomy - to be a real value - has to be practiced while living in society, not just on the lonely mountaintop.
  12. @drewa6891: Nice interview, very well researched. You really got the most out of this hour.
  13. @lamegalectora: Edward Slingerland: 'There are no good english translations of the Zhuangzi', George: 'What translation or translations would for you be the more acceptable one and what other books on the Zhuangzi would you recommend'?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
  14. @nadiabensily311: Thoroughly enjoyed the discourse - thank you for sharing
  15. @alllowercase6277: that was, so good. new thinkers all the time.
  16. @rebecca1431: I CANT STAND SLINGLAND.
  17. @joshaustin9119: I conspiracy theorize, Chuang tzu invented Lao tzu
  18. @TheWhitehiker: Edward be good!
Thanks much.
  19. @Johaaaaaaaaaan: Why does genuinely useful knowledge like this always come with such horrendous sound quality
  20. @noviembre.rz1: this is interview was eye opening, ty so much

- Chuang Tzu  莊子 ~ The Empty Boat ~ Taoism: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when you break something up you create things when you create something you destroy things material things have no creation or destruction ultimately these concepts connect as one only the enlightened know that they connect as one so instead of debating this with your preconceptions approach it in an ordinary way those with this ordinary approach simply apply the idea those who apply it connect with it those who connect with it attain it this easily attained understanding is not far off great knowledge sees all in one small knowledge breaks down into the many goods and possessions are no gain in his eyes he stays far from wealth and honor long life is no ground for joy nor early death for sorrow success is not for him to be proud of failure is no shame had he all the world's power he would not hold it as his own if he conquered everything he would not take it to himself his glory is in knowing that all things come together in one and life and death are equal when he tries to extend his power over objects those objects gain control of him one who is controlled by objects loses possession of their inner self prisoners in the world of object they have no choice but to submit to the demands of matter they are pressed down and crushed by external forces fashion the market events public opinion never in a whole lifetime do they recover their right mind what a pity you train your eye and your vision lusts after color you train your ear and you long for delightful sound you delight in doing good and your natural kindness is blown out of shape you delight in righteousness and you become righteous beyond all reason you overdo liturgy and you turn into a ham actor overdo your love of music and you play corn love of wisdom leads to wise contriving love of knowledge leads to fault finding if people would stay as they really are taking or leaving these eight delights would make no difference but if they will not rest in their right state the eight delights develop like malignant tumors the world falls into confusion since people honor these delights and lust after them the world has gone stone blind when the delight is over they still will not let go of it love of colors bewilders the eye and it fails to see right love of harmonies bewitches the ear and it loses its true hearing love of perfumes fills ahead with dizziness love of flavors ruins the taste desires unsettle the heart until the original nature runs amok these five are enemies of true life yet these are what people of discernment claim to live for they are not what i live for if this is life then pigeons in a cage have found happiness dao is obscured when people understand only one pair of opposites concentrate only on a partial aspect of being then clear expression also becomes muddled by mere word play affirming this one aspect and denying all the rest the pivot of dao passes through the center where all affirmations and denials converge one who sees the pivot is at the still point from which all movements and oppositions can be seen in their right relationship abandoning all thought of imposing a limit all taking sides they rest in direct intuition when we look at things in the light of dao nothing is best nothing is worse each thing seen in its own light stands out in its own way it can seem to be better than what is compared with it on its own terms but seen in terms of the whole no one thing stands out as better all creatures have gifts of their own all things have varying capacities consequently one who wants to have right without wrong order without disorder does not understand the principles of heaven and earth they do not know how things hang together can a person cling only to heaven and know nothing of earth they are correlative to no one is to know the other to refuse one is to refuse both when the shoe fits the foot is forgotten when the belt fits the belly is forgotten when the heart is right for and against are forgotten no drives no compulsions no needs no attractions then your affairs are under control you are free if you can empty your own boat crossing the river of the world no one will oppose you no one will seek to harm you who can free themselves from achievement and from fame descend and be lost amid the masses of humans one will flow like dao unseen they will go about like life itself with no name and no home simple are they without distinction to all appearances they are a fool their steps leave no trace they have no power achieve nothing has no reputation since they judge no one no one judges them such is the perfect one their boat is empty you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamaneriJayasara [13 likes]: For ease of access, my recordings can be found under the relevant headings in my Playlists tab - go to my Home page to find them. Other links people have requested:
All of my recordings Google Drive:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1VYTr5l7jARi_Kb_aB0Jjjq2RZF9kacK7
Donations for Viveka Hermitage:  https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/VivekaHermitage
Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/show/4mrR5M8mS7FlGJYAfk7sEr
Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/jayasara
Viveka Hermitage website: www.vivekahermitage.com
Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/au/podcast/wisdom-of-the-masters/id15508281389
  2. @natividadfamiliapereyra4162 [7 likes]: This is one of the most beautiful videos posted by you......I hope soon I can provide others with these beautiful jewels to people from my country. 🙏🙏
  3. @satnamo [6 likes]: A perfect person has no self because the lord of the self is itself.
  4. @rickahmuty3208 [3 likes]: Truly, a beautiful teaching
  5. @willowway42 [3 likes]: Beautifully delivered. Ty ♡
  6. @willowway42 [3 likes]: When I heard "a love of music leads to love of Corn".. I sincerely thought this was modified to include the band Corn as a reflection of excess 😄👍
  7. @FlamingSwordOfWisdom108 [2 likes]: 🙏🪲🐉
  8. @kimchristoff4026 [2 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏🌸❤️ Samaneri Jayasara!
  9. @susheelapanekat7756 [2 likes]: Thankyou🙏🙏
  10. @Wolf_JRN [1 likes]: I find your channel absolutely fascinating it is my all time favorite channel so much wisdom is much thought you have composed the best of works thank you so much
  11. @namuamida-zen [1 likes]: It was not easy for me to hear this words, as I saw myself running after beautiful dresses, nice furnitures, wonderful colours. Being controlled by the material world in many ways.
Without a huge amount of grace I will never be able to empty my boat 😢
  12. @dmichael2697 [1 likes]: 🙏 ty 💕
  13. @rul4522 [1 likes]: Beautiful title!!🌈
  14. @paolagiunti2979 [1 likes]: Thank you for all the teaching.❤❤❤
  15. @georgezaridze [1 likes]: Thank You!
  16. @vladdyydaddy [1 likes]: What a pity.....i am feeling crushed down by others opinion. No wonder i feel insane.❤
  17. @irisstumpf9732 [1 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏
  18. @dominiquetournai1365: one thousand thank you!
  19. @raoultesla2292: Is this Tilda Swinton?
  20. @genevieveschutt2086: CB

- Finding Ease in Modern Life | Hans-Georg Moeller on Zhuangzi & Nietzsche: Kind: captions Language: en We are here today with Professor Muller from Carefree Wandering, which is a a wonderful channel that I recommend everyone you go and check out if you haven't done so already. And uh thank you very much for joining me in this conversation. >> My pleasure. >> Uh we've spoken before, but that was in the early days of the podcast. I wanted to talk to you again because I've recently covered some eastern philosophy on my channel, mainly spring and autumn period philosophers, the different ways that the term Dao is used by Confucious and Menchius and Lawangza. >> And I've recently done a video comparing to Nietze. Uh but before we get into that comparative aspect, I just wanted to start out with some questions uh about Jangza and Eastern philosophy more generally. And I know this is a big question to start with, but Jangza is usually referred to as a a Dowist philosopher and there's some contention about this. I mean, some have suggested Dowoism is perhaps like an oversimplified term or even a construct. How do you view Dwangza in this respect? Is it is it meaningful to class him as a Dowist? Is that a meaningful category? And just overall, where do you see him fitting in to the story of of Chinese philosophy? Well, first of all, yes, I do think it's a useful category. Um, and um, I do think there is a very explicit partly also implicit connection between the tranza as a text and the la of the daing as a text. So, a lot of the um, let's say clues that the drangza works with come from uh, uh, the la daing. There's a very complex textual history. Both texts uh were probably not written at one time by one person. So they have very complex history. uh but uh generally there was also a debate about this which text is earlier which is later which again is very complicated because there is not one text which was written at one time but nevertheless I do see the drangza let's say in the tradition of the louds of the dao jing which is I think rightfully seen as the core text of the dowist tradition so I do think there is historical and philological strong evidence for uh constructing this kind of lineage uh from the LaZa to the Trangza and then later to a very very broad Dowist tradition and one of the core of this Dowist tradition then become these two central texts. So both in uh Chinese in the history of Chinese philosophy as well as in the history of Chinese religion uh we often see uh these texts regarded as central to what then other people do with them either philosophically or religious religiously and of course there are no strong boundaries. There are also no strong clear boundaries between philosophy and religion. uh and there is not something like you know a clearcut boundary between dowoism and and confusionism and Buddhism and all the other schools throughout the history. There is not really like a uh you know you're not uh one either one or the other. uh so um but nevertheless I think there is enough kind of um traditional let's say again lineage to uh to speak of something like a Dowist tradition. Um so that it makes sense for me to classify the drunks as a dowist text. Uh in addition to that it is also very clear uh that in the drunks there is a lot of critique of confucious and then confusionism. Well some scholars also say there is not really such thing as confusionism. That's what scholars do. That's how they make a career. But um nevertheless it it is very very obvious that um in the drangza itself there there's often a dichotomy between dowist and confusion positions between laa and drangza and sometime between laza and kumza but sometimes confucious is himself the that's the irony used as a spokesperson for daist positions but nevertheless this kind of um um let's say yeah dialectical relation between uh dowist positions and confusionist traditions is a main theme in the trunks a very main theme and that's another reason why I think it makes sense to classify the trunks as part of the dowist tradition >> what what would you say is the main uh for if somebody had no understanding at all or background in eastern philosophy the main uh way that you would distinguish uh Dowoism from the Confucian strands of thought like how would you describe their critique? >> Confucianism there are many uh things I could say but you're asking about one main thing and one main thing is probably um the anthropocentrism and the non-anthropocentrism. So uh confusionism highlights very much anthropocentric ideas. Um so that one thing is for instance the distinction between humans and animals and other things in the natural world uh which is very central to the whole let's say confusion idea of civilization. Uh and then uh we have uh a very strong focus on the family um as the kind of um unit where human life uh that that human life is kind of grounded in a if you want to use a modern term family values uh of course I don't use exactly this term but you can say that both human both confusion moral thinking ethics as well as its political philosophy are grounded on the family and the human family as like a central idea and we don't have that in Dowism. We have actually in the draws are some uh very kind of critiques of of of looking at the family as kind of the the standard way of of human life. uh but generally there is uh there the the human world and the human realm uh is not seen as somehow privileged uh over the non-human realm. Uh and I think that's a that's a very striking difference uh to begin with and then many many of the other differences uh kind of follow uh up on this basic difference. So that that would be my answer. If you want to want me to narrow it down to one thing, then I'd mention the anthropocentrism versus non-anthropocentrism issue. >> Right. Right. Right. Confucious doesn't ask about the horses after the fire in the stable. He's only concerned about the human world. Does Is there a story I'm trying to think of a story or something from the Dwangza that sort of >> uh critiques the family roles or something like that? Is there anything that comes to mind? >> Yes. And I like the the Robert J chapter. I sometimes like to translate it as gangster J, which is um among the later chapters in the book, chapter 29, I think. Uh and but actually there's good reason to believe that it is one of the earliest and core chapters of the text in the drawings. And um there we have this protagonist uh very kind of uh interesting figure. This this gangster or is a gang leader. He is like a a big-time criminal in early China. Is this kind of large group of um of Yeah. They are whatever like some sort of little ar criminal army. >> Bandits or something like that. >> Bandits. Yes. Yeah. Something like that. And um uh Confucious visits him and tries to somehow convert him or actually bribe him to become part of the established feudal elite uh and um uh the Robert doesn't like that uh and is exposing Confucious hypocrisy and um in the context of exposing Confucious hypocrisy he also very much critiques the let's a confusion civilization story that I already referred to in my uh first in my first reply to your question the anthropocentrism non-anthropocentrism. So the and by um he Robert or gangster J proposes basically an alternative civilization story saying the whole kind of confusion civilization has is basically a negative form of civilization story. uh instead uh of you know increasing well-being it has just brought about immense suffering and and slaughter and corruption. uh and uh the at the beginning of this anti-vilivilization story told by Robert is a is like one sentence which I very much like where he says like in uh I'm just quoting from memory not exactly uh in the old days um humans lived among uh the animals among the deer and uh they woke up somewhere and then uh they slept at different places they woke up and and slept at different places every day and they knew their mothers but didn't know their fathers. >> Got it. Okay. >> And that of course means there was no family. Uh and there was not the father-son relations and the whole uh whole confusion ethics is built on these five core relations starting with the husband and the wife and the father and the son. So that is like an egregious preposterous kind of claim to to pose this to Confucious to challenge the this kind of the family as the beginning as the core of the of the whole kind of confusion project and and so that that is for me a very important textual passage that you know in the old days when when people were still living in harmony with the natural world uh they knew their mothers but they didn't know their fathers. So it's basically no family, >> right? Yeah. There's also, I think, something in there that it it a theme I noticed in the Schwangza is they the Confucians always have this impulse. We have to go bring them into the Confucian project. We have to go teach everyone virtue and instruct them. And uh there it seems as though that story also cuts against that because Robert G's >> saying you've made everyone worse by doing this by ordering the family and all that. >> Exactly. Yeah. I mean it's to again use a contemporary western term. Confucianism is very patternalistic in a very literal sense with the emphasis on the role of the father and that has also this kind of educational not really missionary but as you said there's always kind of this educational instruction is very this this emphasis on instruction and uh Dowism also argues very much against that and um you know its main figures don't really instruct and they regard this whole kind of instruction domestication that's another word that I like to use right again um the the patternalistic uh the very strong patternalistic aspect of Confucianism also goes along with a very strong emphasis on domestication domestication the word comes from the Latin word for house which has to do with household right and that has to do again with the civilization process right has to domesticate animals. But you which is a big big theme in the transa right the harm that is done to animals by domesticating and the violence that already brings us to nature and um the um the violence that is done to humans by the same kind of patternalistic and domesticational regime that confusionism represents. So I would read large parts of the drangza but which the roots for this are definitely already in the la as a critique of the confusion patternalistic and domestication regime. That's basically my reading of the transl. >> Yeah. My mind uh went to Nietze as well there thinking about him talking about you know these moralities of taming human beings. >> Exactly. and all of the and with N gives a particularly violent story as to how we tame human beings. >> Exactly. Yes. That is so drones. That that is one of the biggest parallels between Tron and Na. >> Interesting. >> Very very strong parallel. >> Yeah. It's because he is is rather explicit that it or Nietze is rather explicit that it is a a violent process and one in which um I mean if you really get into the weeds with it the whole regulative moral regime is trying to create this this neutral substratum as he says of between the doer and the deed which Nze thinks makes everyone worse. So it is a very similar story to the to the Dowist story. >> But I guess this brings me to the question because one of the things I really love about your uh your talks about Dowoism is that in the west when we approach these texts many people are looking for some sort of mystical or or metaphysical um some sort of experience in that in that vein. But you often uh speak about the political and the ethical dimensions. And so given everything that we've said so far, what do you think are the political or the ethical implications of a a Jangzian approach? Because I could see and I know given the style of the Jwangza and how he is, it would be very difficult to pin down one definite answer on this, but I could see that you could read many things out of it. Is he aiming for anarchy? Is he aiming for some sort of dowist society? Is does he have no such goal? Um what what what would you see the the practical implications being if if we were to take's claim to heart that these this Confucious this regime is making everyone worse? >> Yeah. Um um on the one hand you I'm I'm very glad you saw that and pointed that out that I very much tried to emphasize the socopolitical critiques uh in the triangle and to deemphasize the mystical metaphysical readings. That doesn't mean that I I think they're not legitimate. They are legitimate. But um I think there are other levels in the text that at least to me are actually more interesting uh and more let's say unique or not unique is the wrong word more that's where where this where the drawings is somehow more interesting let's put it like this and also more subtle uh and um yeah um so I do not think this being said I do not think that there is something like some form of coherent political philosophy in the drama. Uh it's not really promoting any form of let's say government or social organization. Uh it's basically a critique as I already said uh of um let's put it like in a larger context in my reading. Basically the main distinction that guides early Chinese philosophy is the distinction between order and disorder. And basically all philosophical schools claim that they know some or that they that they teach some methods for ordering society and in both a political and an ethical way. uh and the Janza is basically a form of cultural critique and also sociopolitical critique uh that critique specifically the confusion vision of order and as I already said and there's many passages in the trunks that say that explicitly uh that the confusion claim uh that they kind of spread order politically ethically uh is wrong. they actually spread disorder and society is in a very overall bad shape and that which is actually historical fact right a lot of people are there's lots of wars and um um a lot of people are suffering greatly uh and um so it's that is I think the first kind of again very nichian a kind of challenge of the master narratives and that the whole vocabulary that is used and that has very much a strong the function of justifying uh the political and socioeconomic regimes of the time that they are all big lies that the people like to tell themselves and there is a strong emphasis I think directly and indirectly for instance in the Robert J chapter very explicitly uh on the suffering that is caused by uh the regimes at the time and which is supported by the confusion narratives by the confusion um ethical systems and so forth. Uh so in this sense um I see this as like a major major intent behind the especially the drawings but also the LAA to uh to critique the um the dominant socopolitical structures and let's say their legitimization through the dominant philosophical narratives at the Um there is which is often um ignored nowadays or completely ignored. There was a um interesting Marxist interpretation of Dowoism which is how I learned Dowist philosophy when I was in China in the 1980s for two years. uh and I first learned uh in depth about studying Dowoism at a Chinese university being taught in Chinese and we still used the Chinese textbooks which were all from uh the 1970s and so forth and that was a purely uh dialectical materialism, right? That was the that is how all of the history of Chinese philosophy was interpreted through this Marxist Mauist lens. uh and sounds fascinating. >> Yes. >> And it's actually uh I have a student writing his PhD thesis about this and um um it is uh it's a shame that this is kind of completely dismissed nowadays. Not just in the west it's simply neglected in China. It's uh it's also not no one really wants to talk about it and for several reasons. And of course I mean it is there it is in many ways problematic this kind of Marxist reception because they were clearly following also the political guidelines. Uh nevertheless I think this Marxist reading I'm not fully uh convinced by it but I I do think it it u it has one uh very advant strong advantage over most other readings including the metaphysical and the mystical readings that it puts it into historical context which I think is super important. also coming from my German background, right? We do philosophy basically we approach philosophy like nature did historically and um so to completely ignore this which is done both both from the metaphysical mystical perspective as well as from the now increasing analytic perspective now in the academic realm. Uh many many scholars just read the drangza analytically. uh and so the the the dominant approach to the drangza is not historical. So that I think is a major major strength of the historical of the of the Marxist dialectical materialist approach. And so it reads trunks are completely embedded in um let's say the the socopolitical conflicts at the time. And then they have they're not really sure they they move back and forth between calling um Dowoism progressive or not progressive. They're not really sure what how they want to do it, right? Do do the are the are the Dowists somehow the defenders of the revoling uh suppressed pharma class or do they want to revert back to history to some kind of imaginetary kind of prefudal uh uh utopian society. So the question is are they progressive or not and there are different answers given to that. But generally this um approach to understand dowoism as opposing the feudalistic confusion uh system at the time uh I think makes perfect sense actually. What you exactly then do with it, what vocabulary you use to explain that and how exactly you analyze the text is another question. But this general approach uh has has had a strong influence on my uh reading of the tranza. So I do see um especially the trza but also the laza in that context in that concrete sociopolitical context as opposing uh what I already discussed the the the political and soio economic structures and the narrative supporting them at the time. that is for me fundamental to approaching the text. >> Right. I guess if if I could just push a little further on this though because it sounds like they don't necessarily come down on one side or the other as to whether or not the or Dowist philosophy in general is like revolutionary. It's situated in a certain time and place. It it could be critical of the feudal system. But there's also passages where especially in Lza, it seems like he's it's almost I dare I say rousoe and romantic. I think of the idea of the two small villages who are barely aware of one another, you know, uh small scale society and stuff like that. And so I guess what [clears throat] what what maybe this would be a way to get at it is is there a valid sort of revolutionary reading of because you could also readza as advocating for a kind of individualism and just sort of abdicating and walking away. And I guess do you not do you think either of those interpretations could be valid or is there something do do you lean in one direction or the other? >> First of all, uh I fully agree. Are you let's say you're completely spot on here that these are like the two competing readings of Dowoism. the one revolutionary and for instance this Robert Jur or gangster Jur during the cultural revolution they were like >> paint drawings of him no he was like a he was like a leader of of a peasant uprising that's how he's how he's represented as a leader of a peasant uprising >> and um so that would be the revolutionary reading of the text but as you exactly as you said then there also So these other readings uh that it is some form of individualistic escapism, romanticism that parts of the feudal elites they would just withdraw from life and and therefore it's not of the peasants. It's just some group among the uh the ruling class that just uh has some form of bourgeois escapism and therefore doesn't really have revolutionary value. Uh so there are these two readings and exactly as you said the second reading the let's say um um escapist reading uh that uh has very strong parallels to a major reading of Dowoism until today um that has been much more influential in the west and was then reflected back to China the individualism reading right and um the kind of [snorts] quietism, right? We don't really care about politics and about society. We're just about, you know, having, you know, getting some form of individual um uh how to say um making sure we're okay or something like this and um somehow >> the being at home in the world. >> Yes. And at the same time, you know, preserving our uniqueness, right? Uh and uh so that that is this this kind of that's the authenticity of reading basically. >> Yeah, I was going to say that's >> and I mean Paul and I Paul Damrosia and I we wrote this book on genuine pretending. uh uh and um the whole purpose of this book not the whole purpose but one main purpose of this book was to criticize this western authenticitybased reading of Dowoism and the Jangza and uh basically uh we believe that this authenticity reading of the Jangza which is now very very prevalent also in China um that this is an basically came up in the age of authenticity in the west in the 18th, 19th, 20th century uh when uh when authenticity philosophy was dominating western thought and then um this opposition to Confucianism and to the traditional in our terms sincerity uh traditional society that was then read as promoting authenticity and individualism. And the book genuine pretending was written with the intention to criticize uh that authenticity individualism reading which dominates the western non-Marxist perception of Dowoism since the at least 19th century. So to the extent that you would uh because there is there are those aspects of the Jwangza about uh how when you become a certain role in society in a way your potential is destroyed or something like this. I mean, I think of the one of my favorite passages, I think, from the outer chapters where somebody's asking Jangza, "Do you want to hold office?" And he says, "Have you ever seen the sacrificial ox and how they feed it all this nice food and deck it out in honors?" >> But then, uh, you know, it gets sacrificed. Surprise, surprise. At the end of the day, >> and this is his analogy to what it is to sort of uh become a function of society to to go in and and play this role. Am I correct in saying you would see that uh the the the framework that Dwangza is working from is more in the vein of this genuine pretending idea that you can sort of move from role to roll it that this authenticity thing is like a later uh it's like almost an anacronistic way to read the text. Is that is that correct? >> Yes, exactly. >> Okay. Uh also this story I agree with your uh I also like this story a lot. It's been paradigmatic already since the Han dynasty in it is seen as representing and I think rightly so uh core ideas of the trunks of the sacrificial ox story. Uh this story though um uh also clearly has a political context right it's about taking part in the rulership and understanding that the the the the rulership system the feudal system is murderous >> and uh so all these stories have a very very concrete most of the stories if you look at them you will see basically most of these stories have this very political context direct political context that they out that they all have to do with rulers and the court and the feudal class. >> Uh and again that story too and that the western readings kind of deny that >> right they they ignore >> the context. Yeah. and they only focus on the individualism thing. But the the concrete setting of the stories, the actual meaning of the stories is all is primarily sociopolitical. And what underlies it philosophically in our view is not an individualistic escapist view, but the let's say existential subtext is genuine pretending, which means all all these social roles. This is what we can see from let's say the fakeness and the the the the theatrical uh form of this culture that they all that the confusions are all genuinely pretending and we should understand that all these as you said um all our social identities are genuinely pretended. So that is the kind of the the existential um um conclusion that we draw from this political uh critique, right? Well well there is a difference though, right? Or because there seems to be there is there's some critique of the Confucians perhaps over identifying with the role. >> Or Okay. But >> exactly. >> Okay. But there so what what is the difference between genuine pretending and and and disingenuous pretending if I may ask or is there >> yes I mean as you said the clue is this identification with social roles these can be roles in the family u but over identification but also very much roles in this politics let's say right in role as a ruler that you have like a high stat that you like a some form of that your role is in the hierarchical structure and that you get your build your sense of self on the basis of your role within the hierarchical role structure right and that you then over identify with that sense of self and I think that is a core critique we find in the people build their sense of self and and all their all their desires and all their um their their yeah desires is very important and uh their thinking and their their living is based on this on is focused on these role identities and that's what the drangza tries to deconstruct and uh that's what the drangza regards as very unhealthy and so um this overidentifying with one's role which causes a lot of both psychological existential but also political harm uh which cause not just manifests but but intensifies these patternalistic uh structures. Um the uh this again it's part of the domestication the critique of domestication because domestication do the domos is the house the family and domestication process works by for humans by identifying with the roles they have in the household and in the smaller sense and in the larger sense. So this kind of over identification with roles is this kind of orientation towards the hierarchical roles we have either in the literal household or in the larger socopolitical household and um this um is from the drugs perspective perspective causes a lot of stress and is somehow brings about a lot of suffering. Uh so what we need to understand is that all the social roles we have are genuinely pretended. What does genuinely pretended mean? Pretending means they are a construct. They are social construct and we identify these roles like we do in many sociologists also modern western sociologists Goffman or so they have described this is how societies function right it's like in this kind of theatrical way that that we play roles and then we play them and play them and then we strongly identify with them and then they become genuine so that's this uh the meaning of genuine pretending that identity is always and everyone is always genuinely pretending once they have a sense of self, right? The sense of self is and the and of course the for the confusions they want to ignore the pretending part, right? They think no, this is this is these identities are are not there's no no pretense in it. This is what we really what what really everything is about and that's how it should be. >> Uh so and um they pretend to be only genuine so to speak, right? uh whereas from a da perspective we can see that our identification with let's say yeah identity is uh genuinely pretended and cannot be otherwise and therefore we have many stories in the drunka that again deconstruct this strong sense of identity the most uh representative is the most famous story of the drunks is the butterfly dream story right again also non-anthropocentrism right we have a butterfly and we of that's a key theme in the trunks again this non-anthropocentric the transformation of all things that everything is is is is in a process of um constant transformation and that identities are subject to change and that identities are temporary. uh and um that uh there is nothing essential to that. And that the point is not to overidentify with your identity, but to be more relaxed about your identity and to to be more relaxed about if you're more relaxed about your identity and not over identify with it and understand that it is temporary and subject to change and most importantly genuinely pretend it. Uh then um uh this can lead to a kind of an existential relaxation but also to a sociopolitical which is very important uh relaxation that you that you understand that roles are played and then you can be generally more playful >> rather than obsessed. >> Right. I think I think I a light bulb just went off for me because I'm realizing now okay this is why there's that western individualist reading because they're seeing the counter to the role is this authenticity thing which but if you read the carefully as you point out there's this indeterminacy of identity and sort of a transformation of all things going on um >> yes >> almost almost as like a working uh operating assump You can bet that everything is going to change from moment to moment. >> Um, >> Yeah. Well, I guess >> like >> Yeah. Well, which is a perfect to Yeah. >> Yeah. And I guess before we start comparing them, um I know I think believe you said you're teaching a class on NZA. >> Yes, I'm teaching the genealogy of morality actually tonight. I'm teaching it this semester. >> Yeah. I I I guess I would ask >> can I go back to what you said? Yeah. Uh because you said this thing exactly the the and I just want to confirm what you said but then you went to different con you said yeah the westerners they read it as authenticity because it's critiquing the sincere role identity and that's exactly I mean our thesis that this authenticity interpretation came about in the west in the 18th century when in the west there was this criticism of of sincerity of traditional role identification and that was not really seen that was seen as conformity as bad. And then we have this romanticism coming up as a critique of the traditional sincerity based uh ethics and politics. And then by default they see other texts from other cultures that critique also rolebased sincerity society and they think oh it must be all about authenticity right that's kind of the was the default reading that came uh from the western age of authenticity that just implied that any critique of this what we call sincerity kind of um structure must be authenticity but that's very obviously not the case. The the like Buddhism and Dowoism is about no self, no identity, no authenticity. Nothing is authentic in the in the western sense. >> Right. Right. There's no there's no original. There's no thing in itself that you can falsify or something like that. Yeah. >> Yeah. Um and that's that's interesting to think of Nichzche as well because you brought up the romantics as part of this uh cult of sincerity or of authenticity in a way and Nietze begins as a romantic but it becomes very very critical of the romantics and I think on a similar basis. >> Um exactly. Could you could you just give your your uh >> another big question but how what do you see Nichze's overall significance as I mean there's many interpretations of Nichze Haidiger interpreted him metaphysically Kaufman interprets him psychologically some people think he does have a political project other people say that he does not um I'm I'm a centrist on many of these issues I've read so many interpretations of Nichza that I can kind of see the different perspect I think it's very in keeping with his perspectivism to see that they're seeing these genuine angles on >> Nichzche >> but uh nevertheless uh you know in the story of western philosophy it what role do you see Nichzche playing maybe that's a good way to put it I mean this role um these many roles that you already mentioned I I also fully agree with what what you said about nature by the way >> I also think that there are many niches. I mean he makes many attempts as he says himself, right? He's like also taking on different voices and and and and uh I like this uh triple meaning of fuzza and he calls himself a fuzza an attempter right and the word has a triple meaning for nature which is very clear trying out something. Uh uh but then for Zukuhun also tempting like tempting his readers and like the devil is >> seducing them. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Exactly. Seducing, right? And then it has the experimental thing uh like scientist, right? They make experiments for zoo. So you just said that's not exactly the same as just trying something, right? where you actually make like a scientific experiment because nature also very often takes on this kind of scientific attitude which comes from the history of philosophy that was German philosophy like Hegel and K they all saw themselves as scientists right and nature was himself also big into science like not big interest in in natural science and biology and all these kind of things right so you have this kind of scientific meaning of fuzz you have the uh devilish seductive meaning of it and you just have this kind of playful uh trying out like in child play, right? And uh >> could I interject really quick that I think there's there's a contextual use of experiment in English that kind of conveys all three in a way is when people say >> uh I experimented with drugs in college of like an it's trying something you're attempting something that's kind of childlike and playful but it's also transgressive and and kind of bad. >> Yes. Excellent. Yes. And that's what nature does philosophically. It says so right and so there are all these different >> uh experimenting with different drugs that's that nature does right and so you can have all these all these readings and um all these readings that that you mentioned are to an extent uh justified or but of course if you only focus on one then then that's basically the mistake you make uh and prioritize one then you can't somehow miss the whole point. um if you isolate one from from all others prior to rise and then neglect all the others. Uh but why we were talking how did we get to this problem? Oh, uh I guess yeah, is there I mean uh given that is there nevertheless some some way that you could define Nichzche's role or how you see like his significance or something? >> Well, his significance in philosophy as you already said is is came after his death right during his lifetime basically no one read his book. He was not influential during his lifetime on the history of philosophy at all. He wished he would have been but he wasn't. And uh that only came basically the moment he died he became like super famous all over the world. uh and then he had this immense influence on 20th century philosophy and not just philosophy literature on uh psychoanal analysis right that's Freud without nera no Freud no Jung and whatever uh he had this immense influence on postmodernism and he had this immense influence on Nazism he had this immense influence on Jordan Peterson [laughter] right he had an immense influence on Chinese uh Chinese writers like famous writers like Lucin and so forth. So there all these all these niches uh that are um that all these attempts all these all these seductive attempts they all had after he died they all came to uh f fruition. >> Why why do you think that is? I I've always thought it's just because I to be glib about it. He's just such a damn good writer and so everyone wants to kind of >> and he's also a bad writer. I think he's both a very good and a very bad writer. >> Could you could you expand on that a bit? >> Yeah. I mean, I cannot read and I never I admit this even in public. I never really fully read the Zarustra. >> Oh, I understand that. >> I cannot. [laughter] >> I I forced myself. >> The writing is so It's like cringe. That is so cringe to me and that's why it's I suffer from it and I cannot read the whole thing. I you have to read bits and pieces here and there if you want to do something academically or want to teach and you have to check but I cannot sit down like for an hour or two and read the stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. there that opinion was shared by some of his friends and contemporaries as well which is funny but but I think it is because you know just as far as [clears throat] the general experience of reading philosophy you know you sit down and read Kant or or or Hegel it's a much more enjoyable experience to read Nichzche and I I sort of see many people of many different stripes almost trying to seize the power of his words or something like that and bring I want to have they all want to have Nichzche on their side usually rather than as an object of he's the enemy or something like that and so you have the most desperate political ideologies and philosophical ideologies trying to grab onto him which is which is interesting. >> Yes. Yeah. And just to say that again, of course, I also think he's an absolutely brilliant writer and like other books, I I I find Leia like fantastic, right? So, it's a big uh the big big some of the seductions work like very very well for me and the others don't work for me. >> Yeah, Zarra could be a a failed experiment, we might say. Uh yeah. >> Yeah. Um well then to kind of then begin comparing the two of Nichze and you said this word earlier of Nichzche's influence on the postmodernists. kind of a funny word to apply especially with Jwangza who's preodern but I would say uh using postmodernism and sort of a very general extended sense of this sort of critique of modernist theories of truth to me at least that's where I see a huge overlap between and nichza >> is uh would you say it's fair to to like we've always been postmodern We've always had postmodernists. Is iswangza is it fair to include him in that millu with niche? my uh colleague um Ga Wolf called Nietz pre-postmodernist >> um and uh he wrote a big book about nan heracidus German uh and u so this notion I like this notion of pre-postmodernist for niche right he was he was very very deeply uh entrenched in prescratic philosophy that's where he comes from. Uh classic studies and so forth. So but he's also so looking backwards he's basically a prestocratic right heracitus and so forth. But looking forwards he's also a postmodernist. So he was like a pre-posternist. Uh and uh you can say something similar I would say about Trangza. Tranga is also pre-posternist somewhere in between Heraclitus and Dereda. >> [laughter] >> Interesting. Yeah, that what I'm interested what you'll think about this because I I've there's like sort of a parallel I guess. >> And that is Sorry again. I just want to confirm what you said. >> That means of course that he's critical of the modernist thinking. >> Mhm. Yeah. >> Again, like I completely agree with you, right? this this being Heraclitus and and Dererida at the same time >> is the other side of the coin of being anti-modernism. >> Is there actually this this thought just came to mind before before I I get on to this. Uh is there some kind of connection do you think between authenticity and like the modernist theory of truth? >> Absolutely. >> I don't think I've ever put that together before, but it seems like they it's the same era in a way. Yes, absolutely. Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. It's the enlightenment era. Autonomy like in order to be uh like we have this cluster authenticity uh is focused on on individuality, autonomy, independence, uh originality. Uh this is this whole cluster of u of authenticity and that is very closely tied to modernism. K for instance niche is very critical rightly so of Kant and of the notion of autonomy and so this in autonomy this is also Jordan Peters right modernist he's also in many ways a modernist right this autonomy and and control and um you know self-control and so forth and creativity in that sense right the the the creative individual that then becomes autonomous and becomes somehow a master of his life his for also very manly and so this kind of this is modernist thinking right the again Jordan Peterson the sovereign individual the sovereign individual and that is uh that is is is this um how do you become a sovereign individual but you need to be enlightened autonomous uh and then uh you're in control rather than being controlled and only in this way can you be authentic not alienated So that this this whole age of authenticity and and uh this notion of sovereignty and autonomy they are they are together and of course na um um deconstructs all of this. >> Yeah. Yeah. That so this is the the parallel I I've noticed and I'm I'm wondering what you would think. So we have this idea in Confucianism with the rectification of names. And what I've kind of drawn out of that is that he's zeroing in on the the the moral element in naming. So that if we don't call something by the right name, society is not going to function. Rituals aren't going to flourish. The laws aren't going to be enforced. People won't know how to act. And so there's sort of like a there's like a tilos expressed in the name. It doesn't just indicate a state of affairs. that indicates how things ought to be. And I see a similarity with with uh with Nichzche's understanding of I guess you would say like our conventional metaphysical ideas whether you call them Christian or Plonist or idealist or whatever. And so like for example he has the essay on truth and lies in the nonmoral sense. He says, "We value truthfulness because it's an agreement to use the usual code of signifiers because of the moral and the regulative importance that it has." Or in Twilight of idols where he's talking about we come to this idea for of being because we want to hold people responsible. And so in a way I see that as a key element of I guess both Jangza and Nichzche's postmodernism >> is I don't I know it's not a direct parallel but it was just interesting that there's this this thing about >> sort of how we how we name things and how or or Nze would talk about conceptual unities and things like that. >> Exactly. Yes. Absolutely. I think again you hit the nail on the head there. Um we have the same thing like in in nature not exactly the same thing. It's completely different historical context but as you said um nature the the critique of the concept before Tyler de philosoph the prejudices of the philosophers the prejudices of the philosophers which focus on these conceptual things and then we have these words we have the language where we're like need to talk so much about how we are kind of deceived by the language that we use and then we invent a term and then we take this term like truth and so forth to be essential right and so He's just deconstructing this in a in postmodern way. He shows how how truth are exactly basically is a form of lie, right? It's the truth is a is a is a is is like comes from lying. It's a derivative of lying. And um so how how all these concepts are actually rooted genealogically in their opposite. And that is very very similar to what Tranga does. is also critiquing uh this kind of um belief in let's say the essentiality of um of conceptual uh ideas and he shows like the postmodernists do that they all entail basically their opposite that's what I said in the beginning the hypo the critique of the hypocrisy right >> uh that um that all this the confusion moral vocabulary uh very very similar to nature is basically based on immorality, not just on amorality. That that that the core of the confusion moral vocabulary is its opposite. >> Right? That the passage in Beyond Good and Evil where he says that it uh it could even be possible that all the greatest virtues and uh truth and beauty and goodness have rised from their opposite uh even as their refinement or something like this. >> Um >> Yes, exactly. Yeah. But that's that's interesting because with Nichzche I' I've always the sense I get with Nietze is that it's uh and this is a bit heretical to say that he has a sort of like sublative goal that he kind of wants to move beyond the enlightenment or or you know consciousness has all these flaws and pathologies but he imagines sort of like a new form of consciousness and the the the perhaps represented by the overman or or what have you. >> Yes, >> that would be free from guilt and the bad conscience and uh resant and all these things. >> Yeah. >> I don't necessarily get that sense with Jangza that uh that there's anything to that there's any sort of task to complete or anything like that. Maybe that speaks to one of the differences between them or perhaps you see it a different way. Uh yeah, you don't really have this um as you rightfully said this emphasis on on the future posthuman superhuman or whatever. And that's frankly something I also don't really like in nature. That's another thing I'm I'm not really a big fan of in nature, this theme, this attempt, this seduction. Um but it is very prominent. It's a big theme, no doubt in Nichzche's writings. um the the parallel there and you don't as you said again I fully agree with you you don't really have that visual vision of the future in Dowoism um you have a vision of the past which is as we already discussed um right this kind of this return motive is very strong in Dowis I'm already in the LAN return but then again this is also figurative um so if anything uh In Dowoism it's not future but past oriented. Um you have this again theme. Again there's a complex theme but um that's a difference between nature and dowism. Um the but the perhaps maybe even the biggest parallel we already discussed many parallels between Trangza and Nietze but for me maybe the the most important the most central the most obvious parallel is uh and and that has to do with what you just said uh is the focus on health >> on health. So ne nature regards um Nietz is has this approach to diagnostic approach right? He sees the history of philosophy, the history of culture, the whole genealogy has produced great sickness. That is a if not the it is a main very very main theme in nature, right? Why does he why does he do these deconstructions, right? Everything we talked about because he regard he regards this whole um dismantling as kind of a diagnostic project. uh right and this this distinction between sickness and health great health and great sickness I think is very very central reading niche right so um and the vision n's vision of the future is a vision of health a vision that in the future there we might somehow overcome sickness and the sickness that has that has been bred into us breeding right we have been over this whole history of our philosophy and civilization and culture, we have basically cultiv cultivated a very deeply seeded sickness and the future is a vision of overcoming this and achieving some form of health and the same kind of dichotomy is I would say clearly at work in dowoism and that's not an original hypothesis. One of the scholars I don't know if he's still alive Norman Jira elderly scholar um uh said something like and I this has been very influential on me this one sentence he wrote a very nice book about um saran but anyways hundon um the um the he calls the essence of dow dowoism as as a whole medicinal it's a medicinal tradition and that is true very much for what is called religious dowoism which is about achieving long life and having all these bodily physical practices just to that's that is the center of what is called the religious tradition is to to achieve bodily and spiritual health to the highest possible extent uh but in in the drangza I would say it's about achieving not so and that's also already there in the in the louds of this topic the emphasis shifts to something what I would call sanity that is more again existential and sociopolitical health some form of a state of ease rather than a state of unease. Uh and we have in the junga this very very central notion of xiao ya yo which is also carefree wandering the name of my channel. And um so to to achieve this this kind of ease as opposed to unease and to achieve this kind of carefreeness um I think that is the to to see that as like the major um um distinction which kind of underlies most of the philosophical attempts be it sociopolitical moral critique and so forth and I think that is the biggest parallel between niche and tranga They both operate with this basic distinction of sickness and health. And that basically all of their different attempts um uh uh have as their kind of main starting point this this difference and that also applies to the difference between the perspective to the future and the perspective towards the past because for nature the what is it's never really clear what this superhuman posthuman whatever thing is but one thing it is it is a time of great health and That is also the um the the kind of the utopian vision of the past that you find in Dowism that it was a time of great uh ver virtue in the non-moral sense uh in the premoral sense and that is also the what is the superhuman uh if anything it is the virtuous person in the non-moral sense the virtuous person that they have great dua that they have great power and health. That's all there is to the uh to to the superhuman, I think. >> Right. Would you would you uh well first I I may I ask what is uh what is it that that you find disagreeable about the future oriented uh nature of Nichzche's philosophy or >> well again it's like closely tied to the Zarathustra right and it has this also for me somewhat cringy um Christian thing right >> uh that uh Um, it's like this antichrist, you know, that that it's kind of the messianic aspect of it. That's what I want to say, right? It shares this Christian messianic vocabulary. It's deeply ironic, I think, in nature, right, as a whole, Antichrist. And um but um yeah, this kind of inheriting and then exaggerating to an extent even this messic uh is I pronounce this correctly? Uh messianic. Yeah. >> Yeah. Messianic. Yes. Thank you. This kind of uh it's it's against my taste. >> It's not my taste. >> Right. Yeah. It's almost like you have an escaton or you have like a a savior figure. And it is interesting because there are times in Nichzche's uh notes you can find in will to power where he's almost there's one that comes to mind where he's coming up with all of the beneficial things that Christianity did. It gives us a meaning for our suffering. It tells us that we know value what values are and all of these things. And it's as if he's then trying to replace those functions with the new religion. But now it's a worldly religion instead of another worldly religion. Um whereas with with uhangza I guess what it is is that it seems like is not as interested in sort of a revaluation of values and sort of this grand project in the future. Um at least to it seems as if maybe it's something that would happen. Maybe you could still call it a reevaluation on the individual level if you have some sort of insight into the transformative nature of things. But yeah, I don't I don't really get that impression that he's he's aiming for something like that. >> The big parallel is the focus on health as opposed to sickness. This kind of dichotomy between health and sickness. >> Uh would how would you say Xiaoa Xiao Yoyo and Amorati? Is that the comparison you would make to Nichza or would there be something else? I mean Xiao is as I said is a is ease and nature gay science. It's gay. It's this foolish the to be in a state of of um joy. [clears throat] >> But again there's a big dis difference between let's say the mo the in the 19th 20th century western joy and the da is joy. like my teacher in in Bon back last century uh he would say that the the the make this distinction between the western approach which is always ecstatic ecstasa ecstatic and the Chinese approach is much more encatic nstasa like it's like it's like this kind of calmness and relaxedness and which is the opposite of ecstasy right you're in a stage of um of of of complete relaxation ation, right? You have it whatever. Imagine like whatever the Zen Buddhist meditational state later on because Zen Buddhism has a lot to do. They they very much rely on tradition. >> Although they're always hitting each other and screaming. So I don't know exactly how these masters >> but it's not like an ecstatic like uh you know we were talking earlier about the drug experiment. So they take different kinds of drugs very different kind of drug. >> Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I and I that speaks to I I think you I I love what you said about health being the key thing and I I don't I don't think I'd drawn that particular parallel and it makes perfect sense when I think about religious dowoism the way you were bringing it up too. That's that's where I think there's like a this physiological focus that comes through more maybe in Nichzche's philosophy than in the Dowist philosophy, >> right? But uh definitely is there in the religion. But with the e-stasis versus instasis um issue, it it brings to mind to me another sort of potential contrast because and maybe it's just an apparent contrast, maybe it's just aesthetic or or the the the level of vibes, right? But Nietze is often speaking in the the language of force and activity, >> will to power, you know, and inanga where you have this idea of being non-active, >> you know, so many passages about being the advantages of being useless >> uh in the >> Is this a real tension or is it an apparent one? I mean I know can can we see the kind of overall uh congeniality between these philosophers but there does seem to be this difference in their their emphasis. Yeah, there's a completely different vibe as we could say different vibe. Uh but of course it has to do with the cultural and historical uh differences. Okay. Right. >> And again nature comes from romanticism and comes from um you even have in Christianity you have that kind this ecstasis in the Protestantian Protestant tradition. I mean think about evangelical Christianity and uh so and also Hegel talks about this right and the kind of um enthusiasm enthusiasm also the word um is has theos in it god in it right is you're possessed by god and then in this enthusiastic state so this kind of um enthusiasm uh is also very much can be felt in nature this enthusiast iastiastic element and that is not we don't have a theos in dowoism we don't have a god and we don't have the enthusiastic element in dowoism so I do think that has even a lot to do n is still Christian in having this enthusiastic strong element and um that is not really present in in dows there's something else and that has probably to do with the difference between the monotheistic tradition that nature comes from and the non-monotheistic non-theistic at all approach that you see in Daoism. >> Yeah. But but nevertheless there is there is sort of an idea I guess in Jangza that and in Laa certainly probably more so in Lza that it's more effective to be inactive. >> Exactly. >> Whereas with Nietze I get the sense that >> be chilled. I mean that's it's not inactive. is you know inactive do nothing so that nothing remains undone. It's there's a very very strong emphasis on being effective >> in dowism. It's not about doing nothing. It's about being most being most effective. But you're most effective in a non when you're in a non-enthusiastic state. That is the whole thing. When you're in a complete relaxed state, when things function automatically, when you're in the flow or whatever, right? this state of that's again modern concept somewhat um new age but that the flow is a good metaphor because it relates to water and so forth and the flow of water and uh that that is I think a good metaphor for for describing this state of ease like whatever you're a long-distance runner and then you get into the flow or to give all these modern examples that of course also completely anacronistic there was no long distance running in the trunks Uh anyways, this kind of notion of flow um if we want to use our contemporary language that comes kind of close I guess >> butcher the butcher cook uh the butcher >> yeah but the butcher story again that brings us another topic but this notion of flow is is there and in the butcher story there's even the notion of of yo the knife is yo in the butcher story so you're in this sense you're correct though I have a very I have actually a very political interpretation of that story and I don't think the butcher is a good guy. I think he's a bad guy. I think he's a fake dowist but that's then we can have another [laughter] conversation on the butcher story. >> But generally yes exactly that is uh that is correct. >> So it's in the butcher story through the flow. >> I I'm interested now. Could you give me the elevator pitch for why he's a bad dowist? >> Because it's completely in Congress. I have a if you have like um uh description on your video uh I have a animated uh version on my other channel philosophy in motion where I have animated stories of the drawings and uh if anyone is interested in in seeing my interpretation of the butcher story they should watch this animated version of the story. Anyways, shortly I also think it's a political critique, right? We have the the the butcher slaughtering an oxen. Brutal. [clears throat] It's a completely inongru completely inongruent story. The the the butcher is showing the the the king how to slaughter an oxen. And basically, it's a political critique of the regimes at the time who were also engaged in massive slaughter of humans. And um so uh I do think this is a critique also I read it as a as a as a basically a critique of a sellout dowoism uh for the perpetuation of the of the of the feudal regimes. >> Yeah. Okay. I that's I'm going to have to look that up. I'll definitely put that in the uh in the description. bringing this into sort of like real world uh implications or like everyday implications in in the modern world that's very different from the confusion world I guess would be one way of of of putting it for at least for those of us in the west I know in many Asian countries confusionism is still very much alive and well but for those of us who have you know mentioning that that is sort of like a preodern figure for those of us who who have gone through the modern age modern ness theory of truth, age of authenticity. What does Schwangza offer us? I mean, if if those things are sort of uh we might say Nze might call them errors, uh maybe they are were particularly useful errors at a particular point in time. What does Schwangza offer us in the way of overcoming those errors? What does he say to us about uh overcoming authenticity? Or would you see it in those terms? Again, I mean, I can only repeat myself. It is through the genuine pretending thing, right? I I regard both, by the way, Janza and Nichze as therapeutic rather than normative philosophers. And I think that is a very important distinction. So, and you I can also only answer your Yeah, sorry. But but I it it seems to me that the issue that people are facing nowadays is not so much that they're locked into roles, >> if that makes sense. Like >> profiles, >> right? Well, true. But I guess what I'm saying is that there's no uh it seems to me that the there isn't like many people might actually want some kind of role. I think this might you speak to why there's people who are looking backwards to sort of like >> romantic return and and these sorts of things. They would almost prefer sincerity to the sort of >> individualist atomization and these sorts of things. >> And it seems to me that many people might read zwangza if I can put the question more critically and say well this is just sort of nothing. It doesn't really give me anything to to grab on to. And in fact, I think in the text sort of complains about that towang himself. He compares his philosophy to his useless tree and says, "Your words are all crooked and strange and no one knows how to make use of them." And I guess I'm defeating the the premise of my question even here of saying, "How do we make use of it?" But I I guess I'm just wondering like in the in the the context we're in now, I it strikes me that many people might wish to even have a role, but they don't have one. And there we're so >> well again like my my philosophy, I would say they want to have a profile, not a role. But anyways, I agree with you. Um and I see your point. um the again like first of all I think we have to understand that both nature and dranga are therapeutic rather than normative so it's not that they you know have some form of normative system that they are kind of establishing no ideology or so no like whatever uh vision of this is how society should ideally be and uh these are the values that are good and the other values that are bad or something like this I don't think there is such a kind of a normative I don't think that's a good reading of either of the two. Anyway, so what does therapeutic mean? Again this both for nature and for um for drugs it means to achieve some form of health and um society is very stressful and no matter which age you're in if you're in the age of of roles of sincerity or in the age of authenticity or if you're in the age nowadays of profiles of profilicity the point is simply to kind of understand the kind of the identity pressures and the other social pressures that are forced upon us through um the through the socopolitical system systems we're in and through the uh philosophical and religious heritage we have inherited that that through our that we are like the genealogical situation we are in and that is somewhat similar again to Buddhism uh that that we we we are that they are interested in in a diagnosis of the causes of suffering and then specifically in um how how can we achieve some form of well-being. Uh, and that is not in the sense uh of Jordan Peterson's um self-help thing. It's more like, you know, do this, do that, 12 rules for life or so. You won't really find that in Dowism. Um, at least I don't think so. Um, it's more like, let's say, achieving some form of of critical uh attitude. ironic attitude um that allows you and not just individually. This is also very important for drangza right is not an individualist but and that is actually in which dowism is somewhat similar to confusionism and now humor comes in right be in good humor in the sense of like um achieving some form as hopefully even we now in this conversation had a form of productive togetherness in which we are in which we can play around intellectually with the things we like. For me the key story about this is the happy fish story uh which I also have animated. So you can put that link there as well. Uh um and we as philosophers, we can do this in philosophy as we have right now, right? to achieve like a moment where we are both in a form of uh Xiao Yaoyo where where we mutually uh feel we are doing something productive and where um at the same time we forget somehow the fact that we are operating on YouTube and that this is a horrible uh exploitative uh thing that we're in all the time and we we cannot but operate within it just like in ancient China we couldn't we are in our profiles right now. You and I, we cannot escape them. There is not this escapism in in Dowism. It's not about going. We're not going we're in the midst of society right now in the midst of of this system that causes all the pressuring that is so exploitative and horrible. And yet you and I right now through our conversation are capable of achieving some form of Xiaoa of ease. We hadn't had we didn't have a script. We're not thinking about the followers and so forth. and and nevertheless we are capable about having some form at least I right now of of mutual enjoyment of the situation uh and we don't follow the 12 rules for life of this like right and we're not obsessed with these things either and uh yeah that's simple but uh that's that's what that's what dism is is about and we achieve it through being critical and we achieve it through at the same time not taking in this case our profiles too seriously while at the same time we're within them. >> Yeah, that that sort of answers what was going to be my final question of what these figures would think of proalicity. But it sounds like you're saying throw throw yourself into it. That is the situation. >> Yes. And there there may be something even in NZA about uh yeah there's a line from Nze I really love uh at the the end of the preface to the gay science where he says uh those Greeks knew how to live. They they lived in appearance and they affirmed appearance. They were superficial out of profoundity. And uh thinking about what you've said about prophalicity, being superficial out of profoundity seems like a perhaps more long-winded but a good analogy to genuine pretending a phrase from Nietze. I'm not exactly sure what the German is, but >> I like the story of the of the diver in the drums, right? The Confucious walks to some famous uh waterfall and he sees this diver uh diving down there. Normally he would die something like Niagara Falls or something like this, right? And then nothing [clears throat] happens. The diver comes out and then confusion sends a student and say actually thinks he's dead and wants to kind of get get the student to get the corpse. But the diver just nothing happened to him. He just walks out of the water naked. Uh and then he says uh and then the the the student asked him, "Do you have some form of bow?" Right? And the diver says, "No, I don't have any doubt. You know, I grew up in the land and I was comfortable in the land and eventually I got used to the water and now I'm comfortable in the water." And the water is again like the we are in this hostile environment. We're in this deadly environment, right? and and and we just have to be able to achieve some form of of ease and productivity and virtue power within these within this kind of lethal uh environment uh that we're always in and that we that's that's that's the dowist existential situation and and question. >> That's very welcome. That's also the case with profilicity and nevertheless we can have some form of productive joy. >> I certainly have uh I've certainly been um my pleasure to have you on the show and uh before we sign off here, do you have anything that you're working on uh that's coming up that you wanted to shout out? >> Oh yeah, I have a new book coming out. >> Oh, wonderful. >> On gender. It's called The Enigma of Gender. Um and uh yeah it's about this identity technologies apply to gender sincerity authenticity and profilicity how they how they um shape gender identity and it's also cultural critique uh and a dowist approach to the current uh gender wars. >> I was going to say it sounds like it might anger uh Dr. Peterson. So, uh, >> well, >> so be it. [laughter] >> I would say so much the better. But, uh, Professor Muller, thank you very much for joining me. Uh, >> thank you. >> It's been a wonderful conversation. >> Yes. Very good. >> Signing off. If you enjoyed the Nichze podcast or found [music] it helpful, you can visit us and support the show at patreon.com/timeimelyrelections. The link is in the description. or just share the show with any of [music] your friends that you think might enjoy it or on social media. Thank you for your support.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jmiller1918 [9 likes]: I enjoyed this discussion.  Another commenter already made this basic point in the Brando anecdote, but I was thinking that "genuine pretending" could also be rendered as "genuine acting".  In that acting both means a portrayal and to take action.  In fact, I would prefer "genuine acting" to "genuine pretending"; "pretending" has a slightly pejorative tone, whereas "acting" usually does not.
  2. @pochi3977 [2 likes]: Dear Prof. Moeller,

Thank you so much for your instructive videos with essentialsalts! It was very enjoyable. I was wondering whether you have posted a video on Lun Heng(论衡) by Wang Chong(王充). Since there are many similarities between him and Nietzsche (Fatalism, emphasis on contingency and so on). Also it would be very interesting to know your opinion on Wang Chong’s from the perspective of profilicity and authenticity as well!

Cheers,
  3. @Gustavo321372 [2 likes]: very elucidating conversation
  4. @alexanderleuchte5132 [2 likes]: 48:49 Are you a new strength and a new right? A first motion? A self-rolling wheel? Can you even compel the stars to revolve around you? (...)
Can you give yourself your own evil and good, and set up your own will as a law over you? Can you be judge for yourself, and avenger of your law?
Terrible is it to be alone with the judge and avenger of one's own law. Thus is a star thrown into the void, and into the icy breath of solitude. (...)
With your love and with your creating go into your solitude, my brother; only much later will justice limp after you. With my tears, go into your solitude, my brother. I love him who seeks to create beyond himself, and thus perishes.

Thus spoke Zarathustra.
  5. @Dystisis [1 likes]: I don't think people want profiles. People want understandable, more or less fixed roles. To have meaning and be depended upon. There is a "human nature" shaped over hundreds of thousands of years, no matter how vague and differently it can be expressed. Historicism is fine but 100 and even 1000 years are a short time, more expressive of superficial trends than the deeper orientations of humans.
  6. @lunaridge4510 [1 likes]: Nietzsche knew very well how violent the domestication is. As a child, he was regularly beaten by his violent mother and the other female family members, while his father had died when he was 4 and could not protect him. 
Nietzsche's mother eventually completely succeeded in “domesticating” him when he lost his mind and became a helpless child again. His sister, meanwhile, corrupted his work.
  7. @lunaridge4510 [1 likes]: “They knew their mothers but not their fathers. . .” "They slept in different places each night."
This is not a reference to the state of humanity where there had not been any family structures. Children are not raised in a vacuum, it’s not possible for our pack animal species. The state of the single motherhood is a brand new experience, a tragedy for humans.
This saying by the Gangster refers to the earlier social arrangements that were matrilineal or matriarchal. He is actually stating that the the forest nomads did not know Patriarchy. (Until they were decimated by the Steppe pastoralists, as did the rest of the world). The people who Gangster is talking about still retained the memory of their pre-patriarchal times. 
Indigenous Americans have the same memory about “knowing” their mothers but not their fathers. Only their memory is very recent.
  8. @alexanderleuchte5132 [1 likes]: 40:14 "Darf ich denn den Kuchen auch einmal versuchen?" 
"Vesuchen" can mean not only try out as in attempt but also try as in having a taste, a "Versucherchen" a little probe.
Which also corresponds with the "temptation" "Versuchung", arousing  an illegitimate lusting for staying of the righteous path as in "Die Versuchung des Heiligen Augustinus"
  9. @straussbolkonsky [1 likes]: Have you read Nicolás Gómez Dávila? He was a Nietzschean, but a catholic traditionalist, it could be interesting to see you talking about his philosophy.
  10. @fatatouille1 [1 likes]: Not on topic, but will love to see a video on Nietzsche's critique of Darwin/darwinism
  11. @PeterKnopfler [1 likes]: happy chinese new year  the firery horse   thank you gentlemen..  The I Ching   Richard Wilhelm  Forward by C.G. Jung...1950.
  12. @vikramchatterjee4495 [1 likes]: Isn't this the guy who said that having a well-optimized profile on a big tech platform actually SURMOUNTS authenticity? Ugh. That doesn't strike me as meta-Taoist at all.
  13. @vikramchatterjee4495: P: in what ways has celebrity culture betrayed Nietzsche, and in what ways do you think it hit has taken after Nietzsche, if any?

Q: Here's a direct, unfiltered analysis:
Ways Celebrity Culture Has Betrayed Nietzsche
This is the stronger and more obvious side:

The Ultimate Triumph of the "Last Man"
Nietzsche warned against the Last Man — the person who seeks only comfort, safety, entertainment, and petty pleasures while avoiding any real struggle or self-overcoming. Modern celebrity culture has turned this into the ideal. The goal is to live a life of constant comfort, validation, luxury, and shallow hedonism while pretending it's "living your best life." This is the exact opposite of Nietzsche’s vision.
Slave Morality Disguised as Empowerment
Much of celebrity culture is built on ressentiment and victimhood. Celebrities constantly position themselves as oppressed, marginalized, or "struggling" even while enjoying immense wealth and power. This is classic slave morality — the weak framing themselves as morally superior while resenting the strong. Nietzsche would have despised this.
The Death of Authenticity
Nietzsche placed enormous value on honesty and radical self-knowledge. Celebrity culture is the complete opposite — it’s built on performance, curation, filters, PR teams, and manufactured personas. The entire industry is a machine designed to hide truth and create illusion.
Worship of Weakness
Modern celebrity culture often glorifies vulnerability, mental health struggles, and "being broken" in a way that turns weakness into identity. Nietzsche believed in facing one’s darkness, but he never wanted people to romanticize it or turn it into a badge of honor.
The Herd on Steroids
Celebrity culture has created a new kind of herd mentality — one where millions of people live vicariously through a tiny elite of "special" individuals. This is the ultimate expression of the herd instinct Nietzsche hated.

Ways Celebrity Culture Has Taken After Nietzsche (In Twisted Forms)
This is where it gets more interesting:

Will to Power (Distorted)
Many top celebrities and influencers operate with an extremely strong will to power. They are ruthless, ambitious, and obsessed with dominating attention and culture. This is a crude, ego-driven version of Nietzsche’s concept. Kanye West’s “I am a god” phase and Elon Musk’s self-mythologizing are perfect examples.
Self-Mythologizing and Value Creation
Nietzsche said that after the "death of God," we must create our own values. Many celebrities do exactly this — they create personal myths, brands, and value systems (think Beyoncé’s "Queen Bey" persona, Taylor Swift’s narrative control, or any major artist who turns their life into a saga). They are actively creating new myths and values, even if those values are shallow.
The Übermensch Fantasy
Some celebrities position themselves as being above normal morality and society. This is a vulgar, ego-inflated version of the Übermensch — the idea that certain people are "beyond good and evil" and can operate by their own rules.
Amor Fati (Surface Level)
The modern self-help/celebrity version of "manifestation" and "loving your life no matter what" is a cheap imitation of Nietzsche’s amor fati ("love of fate"). It keeps the aesthetic but removes the depth and difficulty.

Final Verdict
Celebrity culture has mostly betrayed Nietzsche, but in a very specific way:
It has taken the aesthetic and language of Nietzsche (power, self-creation, being "above" the herd, embracing your darkness) while completely stripping away the substance (actual self-overcoming, honesty, strength through struggle, and the creation of higher values).
It’s Nietzsche’s philosophy filtered through slave morality and consumer capitalism — the worst of both worlds. It uses the appearance of strength and sovereignty while actually promoting weakness, conformity, and shallow hedonism.
This is why you’re probably repelled by most of it. It feels like a betrayal of everything Nietzsche actually stood for.
Would you say this lines up with how you’ve been feeling about modern culture lately?
  14. @dylan-hz4nv: 36:04 "You can bet that everything is going to change from moment to moment."

You can have trust in others to trust themselves.

Also, lol at Keegan kinda fan boying a little bit.
  15. @selvmordspilot: Haha, i absolutely adore Zarathustra. Can't believe you hate it, when you're such a Nietzsche lover :D

.. Well. I sort of can believe it. It IS pretty .. special. But I just absolutely love it, haha.
  16. @pochi3977: There are so many memorable moments in this video, but the one that left the most impression to me was the conversation from 39:00 ~ 42:00. I wish one day I could have a such relaxed, “temporary free from intention” conversation with someone. It fits so well with the channel name “carefree wandering”
  17. @alexanderleuchte5132: I love "Thus spoke Zarathustra". I guess i can imagine why the professor is not a fan and i'm not sure how it is not to read it in German so the musician may be excused simply on that....
I had a pocket version i actually caried with me for a while.... i am completely aware how cringe that sounds so to top that off with an appropriate explanation: Zarathustra is not philosophy but a vibe hahaha
  18. @languagegame410: when he took a big ol' sh*t on ZARATHUSTRA, i was... displeased, to say the very least... but when he began to race in an excited way near the end... and squatted and took an even bigger sh*t on the YouTube video-sharing platform... i nearly swallowed my tongue with delight... methinks Nietzsche would agree with him on that account very much indeed... all in all, a great interview, your saltiness!!
  19. @antun88: Got blocked on X for no reason. Was a big fan. Unsubscribe.
  20. @welfrion6762: A collab with professor jiang would be legendary

- Applying Zhuangzi's Philosophy to Modern Life |  Philosophy For Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en throughout the flow of time there are sayings and philosophies that not only reflect a gateway to bring people closer to themselves and the surrounding world but also offer profound insights into life jinzi one of the greatest philosophers of ancient China is known not only for his mystical stories but also for his profound lessons our freedom human nature and our relationship with the world reading and reflecting on his sayings can feel like a breath of fresh air in your life the Journey of knowledge exploration as a follower of dosm jiny presented many philosophical ideas he didn't just convey knowledge but also stirred emotions and life experiences that each person could learn from one of his most notable sayings is living in the world is like plain so alive and let things flow these words remind us that life is not a race for success or fame but a journey of self-discovery and enjoying every small moment understanding oneself through suffering our profound lesson from jangi sayings is the acceptance of suffering and seeking light in the dark Darkness he said suffering is like a pillow it will make you appreciate the value of Joy this philosophy teaches us to accept and face life's challenges instead of avoiding or complaining view suffering as an integral part of life from which you can draw strength from these experiences freedom of the Soul freedom is a recurring team in dang's Works he asserts freedom is not doing what you like but not being bound by unnecessary things this prompts us to question what is holding us back true freedom of the Soul does not depend on external factors but come from understanding and accepting oneself life becomes genuinely free when we can escape invisible constraints societal prejudices and the expectations of others connection with nature jangi had a deep understanding of the connection between humans and nature he often emphasized the importance of living in harmony with nature like water people need to be flexible and adapt to their surroundings today's life is of often filled with pressure and stress but when you take time to immerse yourself in nature you find peace and balance this is a valuable lesson dangi wants us to remember from lessons to practice jang's philosophical lessons are not just theoretical but need to be applied in daily life you could start with small changes like developing a habit of sitting quietly meditating each morning or spending time taking care of yourself and connecting with nature practicing jang's philosophy will help you see life from A New Perspective expand your soul and open up new opportunities for the future the Journey of self-conquest following jang's philosophy we need to recognize that life is a journey not a destination the search for oneself is not just about identifying what we want but also accepting ourselves with all our strengths and weaknesses jangi teaches us that to progress in life we must be open to change and accept our imperfections those who can deeply understand themselves truly grasp the value of freedom and happiness exploring compassion another interesting lesson from jang's philosophy is compassion and [Music] empathy he once said a heart that is open will know love and sympathy to live a truly meaningful life we need to care for ourselves and open our hearts to others understanding and helping those around us not only brings joy to that but also brings peace to our own Souls small actions from share and joy to supporting those in need can create significant positive impacts in the community reflecting on change in addition to freedom and acceptance dangy emphasized the importance of change and transformation he often reminded us change is inevitable and it is Within These fluctuations that we find the essence of life instead of worrying or fearing change we should learn to accept and embrace it sometimes major challenges turn out to be significant opportunities for growth slowing down in the fastpaced Modern Life following BRS his philosophy we need to take time to slow down and reflect slow down to hear the voice of life this famous saying is not just advice but also an Awakening knowing when to pause reflect and enjoy each moment helps us appreciate the simple beauty around as while recharging our Spirits the benefits of practice dwi's philosophy are not merely words but contain practical lessons to help people overcome life's difficulties by applying these lessons to specific situations you will clearly see changes in your perception and outlook on life from facing challenges to building meaningful relationships joanies philosophy will guide you towards a deeper and more meaningful life advance ing on the path of self-discovery in the process of self-conquest maintaining a progressive mindset is crucial jangi asserts that one should never stop learning and growing every experience whether positive or negative contributes to shaping who we are each step on the path of self-discovery is a building block for our our identity and character by accepting and learning from our mistakes we not only enhance our self-awareness but also become better versions of ourselves letting go of perfection Perfection is an illusion that many of us chase but according to dang philosophy letting go of perfection can lead to True Freedom the person who who lives with imperfection will live in Tranquility he emphasizes when we learn to love ourselves unconditionally we can see our true value without comparing ourselves to others this not only improves mental health but also increases our capacity to accept and love those around us embracing life's surprises life is always full of surprises and instead of feeling anxious or fearful jangy encourages us to have an open Spirit to embrace them each Twist and Turn life presence whether good or bad can become a positive turning point if we know how to adapt this helps us not only strengthen our patience but also broaden our perspective creating new opportunities we hadn't considered before four connecting with nature joiny also highlighted the importance of connecting with nature is a fundamental element in the Journey of self-discovery while modern society increasingly separates people from the natural world spending time immersed in nature allows us to recharge and reorganize our thoughts trips to pristine places sunset views or simple walks in the park can help you as find tranquility and reconnect with ourselves acknowledging personal growth finally acknowledging and evaluating personal growth throughout each stage of the journey is essential jangi often emphasized that change is a continuous and unending process to ass assess your progress each small steps should be recognized you might keep a journal write down your thoughts feelings and lessons learn each day this not only helps you see positive changes but also ignites motivation for the next steps ending the journey beginning a new one although the Journey of self-conquest May face many challenges and obstacles with jang's philosophy in hand we can face these challenges calmly and confidently ultimately this journey is not just a personal Expedition but an opportunity to share and connect with others together building a more meaningful life when this inner Journey concludes a new door opens to further fascinating discoveries fueling are continuous quest for exploration and experience embrace the journey courageously for life is an endless path full of surprises and value

- The More You Run, The More It Follows.Stop Running! Anxiety Is Just a Shadow!莊子:畏影避跡，談停止內耗與越努力越焦慮的原因: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the explainer. Today we're going to dive into a feeling that's probably well a little too familiar for most of us. You know that feeling, right? That nagging sense that you're running from something, but the faster you go, the closer it seems to get. You're trying to outrun a problem only to realize you're the one casting the shadow you're so desperate to escape. Well, believe it or not, this feeling is ancient. About 2400 years ago, the philosopher Janzi told this wild story about a man who was just utterly horrified by his own shadow and the footprints he was leaving. He was convinced that if he could just run fast enough, he could leave them in the dust for good. But here's the kicker. His solution was the problem. The faster he sprinted, the more footprints he stamped into the ground. The more frantic his pace, the more faithfully his shadow stuck right to him. He literally ran himself to death, never understanding that he was fleeing from a part of himself. And this story gave us this fantastic idiom way. And it's the perfect description for how we generate our own stress. We misunderstand our anxiety, our shadow, and our frantic efforts to escape just make it cling to us even tighter. So, what's the modern fix for this mental rat race? The answer we get all the time sounds so simple, maybe a little too simple. We're told to just be present. You know the drill. Stop dwelling on the past. Stop stressing about the future. Just focus on the now. Sounds great, doesn't it? The ultimate cure for a worried mind. But is it really? This slide just nails how absurd it can get. You sit down to mindfully eat your lunch, but instead of actually tasting the food, your brain is going, "Okay, be present. Am I tasting this sandwich correctly? Wait, did I just think about a work email? Bad. Get back to the sandwich." You're not actually living in the moment. You're just thinking about living in the moment. What this really does is create a new internal critic. This tiny annoying supervisor in your head whose only job is to constantly check if you're in the now. And this of course just creates a brand new flavor of anxiety. Uh, why can't I do this? I'm so bad at being present. The supposed cure just becomes another problem. And this is the trap Zangzi pointed out centuries ago. Forcing yourself to live in the moment doesn't actually free you. You've just traded your obsession with the past and future for an obsession with the present. You're still a prisoner of time. You've just moved to a different cell. So, if being chained to the present isn't the answer, what is? Well, Zangzi offers this radical kind of beautiful alternative. Instead of locking your mind down, he says to set it free. He called it yosin, which translates to the wandering or roaming mind. And this isn't about mindless distraction or spacing out. It's about cultivating a spirit so free that it can travel effortlessly through memories, ideas, and possibilities completely unbound by what's right in front of you. I love this slide because it shows the difference in scale perfectly. Living in the moment is like being a frog at the bottom of a well staring intently at that tiny patch of sky you can see. Yolene is becoming the eagle that soarses above the entire mountain range seeing everything all at once. It's a total shift in perspective. Now to make this powerful idea a little less abstract, Dwangzi told a story. It's about a butcher named Cook Ding whose work was so effortless it looked more like a graceful dance and it completely mesmerized a local Duke. When the Duke asked for his secret, Cook Ding explains that he doesn't see with his eyes anymore. His senses just kind of fall away and his spirit meets the ox. He isn't focused on the single point where his blade meets the flesh. His mind is already roaming freely through the entire structure of the animal. Think of it this way. His mind was like a high-tech drone that had already flown through the entire animal, mapping out every joint, every gap, every natural opening. His body and his knife were just following the effortless path his wandering spirit had already discovered. He wasn't trapped in the now of the cut. He was freely inhabiting the whole process. So, what if freedom isn't just about skill, but about perception? Zongzi tells another great story, this time about a massive gnarled tree. It was so twisted and weird that every carpenter who saw it just declared it completely useless for building anything. That night, the tree appears in a dream and explains its wisdom. The useful trees, the ones with good fruit or straight lumber, are constantly being harmed because of their usefulness. By embracing its uselessness, this tree escaped the world's narrow definitions and was able to grow freely for ages. Its greatest use was found in being useless. Okay, this all sounds great in philosophy class, but how do we actually practice this in our modern lives? Well, stories actually give us a pretty practical toolkit, which we can basically break down into a four-step guide. First, see your cages. This just means noticing what you're attached to. When you're angry, see the attachment to your ego. When you're anxious, see the attachment to a perfect outcome. Second, cultivate uselessness. Just like the tree, make time for something joyful that has no productive goal, a hobby you're bad at, a walk with no destination. Third, observe the great way. When stress hits, just zoom out. Imagine your problem from an eagle's point of view, then from space. See how small it becomes. And finally, enter the dreamscape. Realize your social roles, your job title, parent, friend. They're like costumes. You're the actor and you're free to move between them without being trapped by any single one. So, let's bring this all together with one final modern example that makes the difference between these two mindsets crystal clear. The scene, a nightmare commute. Horns are blaring. Nobody's moving an inch. You've got two drivers side by side in the exact same miserable situation. The live now driver tries to be present. They focus on the heat, the noise, the brake lights in front of them. And all this does is magnify their misery. The wandering mind driver though they accept their body is stuck but they let their mind roam free. They might be mentally replaying a great vacation, outlining a novel or just getting lost in a piece of music. One arrives enraged and exhausted. The other arrives calm, having used that stuck time for a journey of the mind. And this is the whole point. Yoshin isn't about ignoring reality. It's about building an inner world so rich and free that the frustrations of any single moment, a traffic jam, a boring meeting can't imprison you. Your body might be stuck, but your spirit is always free to roam. And that's the question to leave with. The next time you find yourself physically stuck in line, in traffic, in a tough situation, take a second and ask yourself, is my mind also in this cage, or can I let it wander free? The choice is totally yours.

- Just Let Go - Alan Watts: Kind: captions Language: en today I stand before you to explore a concept that holds immense power yet often eludes our grasp The Art of Letting [Music] Go because you see to be detached from the world in the sense that Buddhists and daoists and Hindus will often talk about Detachment does not mean to be non-participative you can have a sexual life very rich and very full and yet all the time be detached by that I don't mean that you just go through it mechanically and have your thoughts elsewhere I mean a complete participation but still detached and the difference of the two attitudes is this on the one hand there is a way of being so anxious about physical pleasure so afraid that you won't make it that you grab it too hard that you you just have to have that thing and if you do that you destroy it completely and therefore after every attempt to get it you feel disappointed you feel empty you feel something was lost and then therefore you want it again you have to keep repeating repeating repeating repeating because you never really got there and it's this that is the hangup this is what is meant by attachment to this world in an evil sense but on the other hand pleasure in its fullness cannot be experienced when one is grasping it I knew a little girl girl to whom someone gave a bunny rabbit she was so delighted with a bunny rabbit and so afraid of losing it that taking it home in the car she squeezed it to death with love and lots of parents do that to their children and lots of spouses do it to each other they hold on too hard and so take the life out of this transient beautifully fragile thing that life is to have it to have life and to have its pleasure you must at the same time let go of it and then you can feel perfectly free to have that pleasure in the most gutsy rolicking earthy lip licking way one's whole being taken over by a kind of undula convulsive uh Ripple which is like the very pulse of of life itself this can happen only if you let go if you are willing to be abandoned it's funny that word abandon we speak of people who are dissolute as being abandoned but we can also use abandon as the characteristic of a saint a great spiritual book by a Jesuit father is called abandonment to the Divine Pro idence there are people like that who just aren't hung up they are the poor in spirit that is to say they in spiritually are poor in the sense they don't cling on to any property they don't carry burdens around they're free well just that sort of spiritual poverty that let goess is quite essential for the enjoyment of any kind of pleasure at all so the concern of Buddha as a Young Man the problem he wanted to solve was the problem of human suffering and so he formulated his teaching in a very easy way to remember all those Buddhist scriptures are full of what you might call memonic tricks numbering things in such a way that they're easy to remember and so he proposed he summed up his teaching in the form of what are called the four noble truths and the first one which because it was his main concern was the truth dukka dukka suffering the next thing that comes up the second of the Noble Truth truths is about the cause of suffering and this in Sanskrit is called trishna trishna is related to our word thirst it's very often translated desire that will do better perhaps is craving clinging grasping or even even to use our modern psychological word blocking when for example somebody is blocked and divers and hesitates and doesn't know what to do he is in the strictest Buddhist sense attached he's stuck but a Buddha can't be stuck he cannot be phased he always flows just as water always flows even if you Dam it the river just just keeps on getting higher and higher and higher until it flows over the dam it's Unstoppable now Buddha said then dukha comes from trishna you all suffer because you cling to the world and you don't recognize that the world is Ana and anatman so then try if you can not to grasp well do you see that that immediately poses a problem because the student who has started off this dialogue with the Buddha then makes various efforts to give up desire upon which he very rapidly discovers that he is Desiring not to desire and he takes that back to the teacher who says well well well he said of course you are Desiring not to desire and that's of course excessive all I want you to do is to give up Desiring as much as you can don't want to go beyond the point of which you're capable and for this reason Buddhism is called the middle way not only is it the middle way between the extremes of aesthetic discipline and pleasure seeking but is also the middle way in a very subtle sense yes don't desire to give up more desire than you can and if you find that a problem don't desire to be successful in giving up more desire than you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrueMeaning [62 likes]: Coming soon: https://www.truemeaningco.com
Join our new discord: https://discord.com/invite/EXvZFk5WBq
Check out our second channel: https://www.youtube.com/truemeaningco  
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/truemeaningofficial
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/truemeaningco/
Best of Alan Watts playlist: https:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8_d6jihOdM5tuGtpTUc7lXI4TX8GL28q
Download Mindset: https://bit.ly/mindsetxTrueMeaning
  2. @Hankster360: TRADER!!!! 😂😂😂
  3. @Hankster360: you brave for this lol.  Great job.  great content
  4. @NicoleBetlach: “ Letting it go. Why should two parties involved have the shoe laces strapped around the sneakers so tightly that either’s feet  can breathe? Walk barefoot for a change down the street.” NSB
  5. @samueldiehl352: Plz help me
  6. @newworldconcepts583: none if this makes any sence tbh.  To let go of everything is stupid.
  7. @GMatson-t3v: What shall we do now that we are here?
  8. @darkprophecy69: dont desire to give up more desire than you can
  9. @feedvid: Attached to being unattached. Hmm.
  10. @chriscamgemi368: Yeah, and what happens when you are betrayed and abandoned,  the physical part is you’re very alone &  you’re very hollow inside
  11. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: إن التوحيد في الإسلام ليس مجرد عقيدة مجردة، بل هو قانون كوني شامل أرسل الله به الرسل من آدم إلى محمد ﷺ، ليُخبروا الإنسان أن وراء هذا الكون المنظم بدقة (الذي يكتشف العلم اليوم أنه ذو بداية 



، وأنه يركض نحو توسع مستمر) خالقاً واحداً، حكيماً، قيوماً، لا شريك له في خلقه ولا في تدبيره. هذا الدين هو الرابط المنطقي الوحيد الذي يربط غائية الخلق (الحكمة) بـالفيزياء الكونية (السببية)، حيث (لا إله إلا الله) هي الحقيقة الوحيدة التي تمنع الوجود من أن يكون عبثاً، وتوافق أرقى حقائق العلم التي تشير إلى وحدة التصميم والمصدر."
  12. @shedtears8051: 2026
Listen to this masterpiece!❤
  13. @horacerandyholt111.1: What i know is we dont live forever as humans.  So to other good folks in the world.. I say hi.
  14. @codycoyote7046: Stop adding music. It negates the words.
  15. @TheFormlessGuide: This is the ultimate paradox of spiritual growth. 🍂 We think we need to achieve 'letting go' as if it's a prize, but it’s really just realizing there was nothing to hold onto in the first place. Beautiful transmission. 👁
  16. @Abdihakem10: I feel calm watching this
  17. @Johnsmith-ms3ts: Lacher prise 🙏
  18. @doramarcelino768: ❤
  19. @Stefan-p2o: remove the music it's terrible
  20. @beardedbeauty3231: beautiful, ty for posting

- Letting Go - Alan Watts: Kind: captions Language: en it has been well said that buddhism is hinduism stripped for export you see hinduism is a way of life that goes far far beyond what we in the west call religion it involves cookery everyday family life house building uh just everything it's the whole hindu way of life and so you can't export it just as you can't export shinto from japan it belongs to the soil and the culture but there are essential elements in it that can be transmitted outside the culture of india and buddhism was one of the ways of doing just that so one might say simply this to try and sum up what buddhism is about the word buddha is derived from the root buddh in sanskrit budh which means to be awake so the buddha is the the awakened man the man who woke up what does he wake up from obviously a dream and what kind of a dream is this well i would call it a state of hypnosis and this state of hypnosis although i'm using hypnosis in a rather archaic sense of the word is a state of being entranced spellbound fascinated and this is called in sanskrit avidya a v i d y a vidya is knowledge in sanskrit and it is the root from which we get vederi in latin to see and so vision in english so putting the a in front of it means none ah not seeing ignorance ignorance where uh you see but you ignore everything that you're not looking at when you put the beak of a chicken on a white chalk line and the chicken is fascinated with that and can't get away from the chalk line that's avidya so in the same way our beaks were put on a chalk line when we were hypnotized into the notion of attending to life by conscious attention alone by the spotlight to the exclusion of the floodlight and so we began to imagine that we were separate individuals what is called in buddhism the view of separateness and a buddha is one who has overcome that he is awakened from that illusion from that state of hypnosis and he knows well i can't put what he knows in any positive terms this is the special thing about buddhism everything in buddhism sounds negative let's put it this way let's suppose uh you engage yourself in a in a uh relationship with the buddha or with one i mean there are hundreds of buddhas one we call gautama is just the historical buddha that everybody knows about but one buddha leads to another because as a result of his relationships with people he turns them into buddhas too awakened people now you meet one of these people and he's going to give you a rough time but one one of the buddhas running around these days is krishnamurti and krishnamurti uh absolutely destroys everybody's religion he why do you believe this why are you hanging on to that why do you want to insist that this idea is so see and he shows you that all your fixed formulations all the ideas to which you cling are spurious and then you suddenly get into a kind of vertigo dizziness that you feel suddenly that you're no longer standing on the firm ground but that the universe has suddenly turned into water or worse air or worse still empty space there's nothing to hold on to now you see often when one discusses religion with people they say well i i need a religion because i need something to hold on to well that's the way not to use a religion because if you use religion as something to hold on to your religion is an expression of unfaith faith is where you let go not where you hold on when the cat falls off the tree the cat relaxes you see and so the cat lands with a soft thud and doesn't get hurt because the cat has faith but if the cat in midair would suddenly to grab itself with all four feet and and tighten up see it'd be hurt and that's what people do when they say rock of ages left for me let me hide myself in thee they want something to hold on to you see and that is unfaith so the method of buddhism it's called the dharma doesn't mean the law it means the method the method is to knock the stuffing out of you to take away everything to which you cling to cleanse you completely of all beliefs all ideas all concepts of what life is about so that you are completely let go so buddhism has no doctrines at all that you have to believe in i don't care what background you come from whether you're a roman catholic or a one extreme or a logical positivist that the other both are clinging to something you see and so the method of buddhism is to knock out the underpinnings and say well we just not only do we not believe in anything we don't even believe in not believing in anything you know you crawl into a hole and pull the hole in after you but in this case you do the exact opposite of that that's a defensive move to crawl into a hole in this way you crawl into great space and then pull the space out after you [Laughter] and uh to go through this is pretty pretty rough because you can do it on what seems at first to be a merely intellectual level so you can engage a group of people in the discussion and you can start whenever they propose an idea that is their sort of guiding principle of life you demolish it show that it doesn't hold water and step by step you unearth by talking with them what are the fundamental ideas they're operating on everybody is everybody is a philosopher everybody has metaphysics although they may not know what it is they've never examined it but by this method you bring it out and you demolish it and this suddenly what seemed like a very nice intellectual discussion turns into sheer murder people get really anxious they develop all the trembles and the symptoms of extreme anxiety and so they finally say to the guru the teacher well heaven sakes what do you believe in he says i'm not proposing anything i didn't set anything up well how do you navigate how do you how do you exist this is what's the problem because you see uh what we're moving from as i suggested a moment ago we're moving from a state of affairs where we're accustomed to navigation on land to a state of affairs where we're in the water and this is very critical for today because the impact of modern science on western culture has been very similar to this in say in christianity we sing hymns like how firm a foundation and rock of ages ein festerberg our mighty fortress is our god uh we've something to stand on the church is one foundation is jesus christ her lord you know and it's this firm thing all right suddenly all that disappears or becomes implausible and we find ourselves swimming or sinking now when you find that you're living in the midst of the universe of relativity well there's nothing you could hold on to you've got to learn how to swim and to swim you've got to relax and stop stop grabbing so this is what buddhism does when it says it's the art of let go of non-attachment non-attachment doesn't mean that you uh lose your appetite for dinner it means simply that you stop grabbing you get rid of stickiness stickiness in the sense that for example when a wheel has a an axle that's too tight and it sticks you want to loosen it up a bit you don't want it too loose you don't want it floppy like a lot of people when you tell them to to relax they become like a limp rag it's not relaxing relaxing is having still tone but um it's a certain it's a middle way so this is what this is entirely what buddhism is about it's about learning uh for example if i may put it in a vivid way when you were born you were kicked off a precipice and you're you there's nothing that can stop you falling and although there are a lot of rocks falling with you with trees growing on them and all sorts of things like that you can cling to one of those rocks if you like as it goes down with you for safety but it's not safe nothing is safe everything is falling apart everything is in a state of change there's no way of stopping it and when you are really resigned to that and when you really accept that then there's nothing left to be afraid of and when there's nothing left to be afraid of and you've given everything up and uh you know that even you know a lot of people in cling to suffering because they know they are right as long as they hurt oh i bless the good lord for my boils for my mental and bodily pains for without them my faith all congeals and i'm doomed to hell's near-ending flames uh you know a lot of people who know that they're right so long as they suffer but that's an illusion too even suffering offers no security even suicide offers no security in buddhism you see there is no security at all you simply have to face this fact that everything is in flux and go go go go with it the question then is simply how to convince people of this if anybody wants to be convinced you know it's not the sort of thing you shove down people's throats you don't convert them to this because if they don't want to be converted they won't let go [Music] so buddhism therefore involves a very special relationship between the questioner and the person to whom the question is addressed the pupil and the teacher and now then buddhism came to china as early as 60 a.d but didn't at that time make a very great impression it was not until about the year 400 a very great sanskrit scholar by the name of kumarajeeva came and started teaching chinese scholars sanskrit and they worked with him to translate sanskrit into chinese and they translated the buddhist scriptures they didn't of course do them all at that time because the buddhist scriptures occupy about as many as much space as the encyclopedia britannica in fact a little more the indians are great talkers well anyway uh they found that when they translate this into chinese you had to find equivalent chinese words for the sanskrit ideas and they found these from the from the taoist philosophy well slowly then indian attitudes began to be modified by chinese attitudes because the chinese read into these translations taoist meanings so things got a little altered now here came the alteration that is crucial first of all in indian buddhism there's very little humor but chinese uh life is full of humor the greatest philosopher of china juansa you know is the only philosopher who is in i think in the whole world who is profoundly humorous there's a book in the um modern library published by random house called the wisdom of lautzer this is translated by linu tang and he includes along with the translation of lautzer huge sections of trunks and this is absolutely fascinating because of the humor of it indian buddhism had very little humor some yes but very little next it was all tied up with celibacy which to the chinese was absolutely incomprehensible chinese civilization is rigged around the family to a far greater extent than ours is which is saying something they could just couldn't see any point or any wisdom in celibacy when buddhism came to china it still retained a certain element of celibacy but for different reasons than than hindu the chinese way of celibacy is not that sex is naughty but it's terribly convenient not to have a wife in other words the ideal of of the uninvolved life has a certain appeal but they could never never get through into their heads the notion that uh sexual desire was bad which plays has always played a fairly strong role in hindu thinking not in the same way as it has in the west they don't have a the hindus don't have a guilt take on it but they think that it it dissipates your spiritual energies and you see the the in in yoga they envisage the idea that at the base of the spine there is what is called the kundalini the the serpent power or the the force of psychic energy and so long as it remains at the base of the spine this force is dissipated in sexuality now yoga is to suck this thing up the spine and get it into the head and so then you withdraw from the manifestation of this energy or the dissipation of it in sexuality and uh it's put on a higher level only uh which end is up uh you can do it the other way too they have what's called the right-hand way of doing it and the left-hand way of doing it i'm not going to go into that now the chinese didn't see it that way they couldn't see that it was a dissipation of energy so what they wanted to aim at was a way of living buddhism and being awake but at the same time remaining active in the ordinary life of the world it's what's called in their phraseology being king on the outside and the sage on the inside managing practical affairs completely involved in whatever life is but at the same time inwardly living on top of the mountain being cloud hidden whereabouts unknown so chinese zen is the preeminent expression of this because it is the mixture of indian buddhism and chinese taoism plus a certain confucian practicality zen developed out of the work of kumarajeeva came into china as i said for 400 or a little before he had two disciples who began to work on buddhism from a taoist point of view and they were actually the the originators of zen then apparently about shortly before 500 as the dates now check out another indian came to china whose name was bodhi dharma and bodhi dharma was the person who touched off zen as a specific movement vodi dharma had a pupil by the name of um in chinese japanese pronunciation like zen is the japanese pronunciation of the chinese chun the story is that when aika came to bodhidharma bodhidharma refused to accept him as a student all zen masters do this they reject you and this stimulates you you see to come back stronger if i mean if you're going to learn at all and a car came back stronger and stronger and stronger and bodhidharma resisted him stronger and stronger and finally he cut off his left arm and presented it to bodhidharma and said look here's my left arm given to you as a token that nothing in the world matters to me except to find out what you're all about all right he said what do you want to know a car said i have no peace of mind please pacify my mind mind is this word pronounced shin and shin is here shin is the heart mind it's the psychic center bodhidharma said bring out your shin here before me and i will pacify it a car said when i look for it i can't find it bodhidharma said then it's pacified and ekka immediately understood what all the thing was about that's the experience called satori in japanese wu in chinese mandarin and then the cantonese dialect it's just what we call in our modern psychological jargon the aha phenomenon the aha phenomenon now i see well now um what was all this this zen is uh a translation of the sanskrit word gianna and so this is being pronounced chan in chinese and then in japanese is unfortunately untranslatable in english it designates a certain state of consciousness that is sometimes called meditation but that won't do it all contemplation isn't really the point chinese have a different word for contemplation sometimes one pointedness of mind i would prefer to translate this word with the notion of total presence of when we say a person is crazy we often say they're not all there now go to the opposite of that and visualize the person who is completely there or who is completely here person who lives totally and absolutely now that doesn't mean he's incapable of thinking about the past or the future because thoughts about the past and about the future are included in the present you have them now but imagine the kind of person who is not distracted who when he talks to you it really gives you his whole being who doesn't as it were look over your shoulder and wander after something else somebody who first of all he's completely here and he's so much here that you can't phase him now this idea of phasing is crucial in zen i referred a moment ago to attachment that buddhism is living free from attachments and i made the point that this is not abandoning a sense of a good appetite for dinner but it's stopping sticking in psychological jargon you don't block a mind of no hesitation it's sometimes called in chinese the phrase mojo is used of going straight ahead so supposing somebody walks up to you on the street and says are you saved now most of us who are intelligent people feel embarrassed by such a question you know what's this wretched salvation army person or jehovah's witness doing asking me whether i'm saved or not and we're all a little bit you know what do you do with a nut like that so but as in then this is a perfect moment to respond see to the most embarrassing question are you saved but zen comes back in a very funny way in zen one doesn't give philosophical answers to a question like that you give practical answers i had a boiled egg this morning whenever you are asked about matters sacred theoretical and philosophical you answer in terms of things earthy and practical but then on the other hand when you are asked about things earthy and practical you answer in terms of things religious and philosophical is dinner ready who's asking this question who are you this is then the flavor of zen you know bodhidharma is supposed to have meditated so long that his legs fell off and he's usually drawn this way something like this anyway it looks like a shmoo but uh in japan you buy these toys that are darumas and they are so weighted in here that you can never knock them over you can bat it on the floor bat it this way bat it that way but it always comes up again and so the poem says seven times down eight times up such is life uh this is the the principle of not being phased not being attached so to play the game you can't phase me this is a very important in the art of lifemanship fundamental gamesmanship because you see when the zen monks moved into kyoto they took over the best part of town simply fantastic how this happened the beautiful hills were occupied by the brigands who later became the japanese nobility uh the great daimyos these were the toughest characters and these zen monks played a game with them which was that you know you possess all these lands and you were powerful and so on but so what it's all falling apart then what will you do well i said that's too bad we don't know and the zen monk said oh you haven't got the hang of the thing so they found that they couldn't terrify their monks they played all sorts of tricks but the zen monks were better masters at it see supposing you say to somebody uh i'm not afraid of you you can do anything you like you can kill me or anything at all but if i go and kill the fellow who says this i'll never find out whether he was afraid or not so they outfaced these people and said you we have a secret you see that you don't have and we'll teach your your uh servitors to be great warriors because they'll learn the secret too and they won't be afraid of anything this is what they did and so the daimyos the noblemen built great monasteries for these zen masters and monks on their best land the finest artists of japan made gold leaf screens for almost every room in the place and although nobody owns anything individually the community owns it collectively with the protection of the daimyos and they had a tremendous scene going now to us that sounds extremely weird even immoral you don't expect religious people to do things like that no i know you don't if if the religious people are self-righteous and have no humor but these people didn't go around pretending that they were especially good they didn't dupe themselves they were people who understood what human nature is that in every one of us there is an element of irreducible rascality in jewish theology this is called the yetzer hara y-e-z-e-r-h-a-r-a if the yetza hara the element of irreducible rascality which was created by god because god has one too and that's why when you are really affectionate with somebody else when for example men i don't know what women do in their private lives between each other but men as we all know say to someone they're very fond of why you all bastard just like that you know there's a certain way of saying to a person uh there's a certain glint of recognition and so there's a zen poem which says when two zen masters meet each other on the road they need no introduction when a thief meets a thief they recognize each other instantly and this goes back you see again into the heart of chinese philosophy human nature is considered to be basically good and even the rascally elements of it are they are the sort of salt in the human stew there has to be this little thing that human passions and that the the natural uh contentiousness and greed or whatever that we have is an essential element in our makeup and that when people lose sight of that they go mad nothing for example is more dangerous than a saint let us say an unconscious saint who thinks that he is right and who endeavors to live an absolutely pure and to eliminate all selfish thoughts somebody who undertakes that task is going to be a menace to all around because he loses his humor he loses his real humility which is knowing that after all since we're humans we have certain needs we are i need to eat we need uh sex we need this that and the other and this this sort of has a quality of humor to it and so this is why in zen art the sages are always drawn to look a little bit like bums you know that putai or hote as he's called what's called the laughing buddha the fat buddha with an immense belly and carrying around an enormous bag of rubbish into which he indiscriminately puts anything he finds around and then gives it away to children this is the sort of uh type which the chinese call the old rogue and the old rogue as a type of this poet sage monk and scholar you see is greatly admired he's the non-violent brigade the rolling stone the free man or in our words the joker the joker you see is the card that can be play any role in the pack so then developed in china after bodhidharma's time and came to a sort of golden age in the tongue and song dynasties the golden age of zen lies between 713 and approximately eleven hundred twelve hundred eleven to twelve hundred that's the great creative period in which all the marvelous masters emerged and during which a profound influence on the development of chinese poetry and painting calligraphy and scholarship then between 11 and 1200 uh it shifted to japan and uh underwent a new development rather different in quality and in tone and after it had done that for some curious reason but it's very complicated historical question it slowly faded away in china so that as we find it today it is principally a japanese phenomenon and it is slowly fading in japan and slowly growing in the west it's a very funny thing now then let me indicate what zen training what its method is how does it work i said before what is involved is a dialogue an interchange between two people one who's defined himself as a student and has therefore defined the other as the teacher there is no teacher until a student arrives no problem until a question is raised so students create teachers if you ask a question you get 30 blows with a stick if you don't ask a question you get 30 blows with a stick because you simply you put yourself in statue you've defined yourself as having a problem now nobody really has a problem but the maya the game of life is to pretend that you do back to fundamental hinduism the godhead or the self pretends it's all of us and so gets lost and so has a ball and dreams all this going on so uh when you're on your way out from the dream it suddenly occurs to you that you have a problem life is suffering uh you would like to get out of this one such student went to a zen master and he said we have to dress and eat every day and how do we get out of all that in other words you might ask the question in this way we have to work get up monday morning go to the office do all this routine sell something and so on how do we get out of the rat race so we have to dress and eat every day and how do we get rid of all that and the master said we dress we eat the student said i don't understand he replied if you don't understand put on your clothes and eat your food no this is the kind of dialogue so characteristic of them so the position is this the master on being approached by a student about the problem of life says i have nothing to teach you i am a zen master i have nothing to say zen is not words and furthermore everything is perfectly clear there was a confucian scholar who went to a zen master and said what is your secret teaching and he replied there is a saying in your own teacher confucius which explains it all don't you remember when confucius said to his disciples do you suppose that i'm concealing something from you i've held nothing back and the scholar didn't get this so a few days later they were walking together in the mountains and they passed the wild laurel bush and the zen master said to the confucian scholar do you smell it he said yes he said you see i'm holding nothing back so the position of the zen master is there is nothing to tell you there is no we we're not offering you any panacea any solution any doctrine any big big goodie uh to the problem of life the problem is an illusion well then the student under these circumstances thinks well this is some sort of a come on um he's testing my sincerity and of course the nothing which he has to teach is the the mystery of the great void see he does not he doesn't take it as meaning just plain old ordinary nothing but the great void and so uh he persists and the teacher makes him persist until he gets way out on a limb he has to persist so much that he practically dedicates his life saying uh just as the way uh symbolically cut off his arm the student is put in the position of dedicating his life to solving this thing and getting what that teacher has and of course there wasn't anything all along but he's been put in that position so uh then uh once he's in statue pupillary once he becomes a student he's put through all kinds of hoops they make him learn to meditate to sit cross-legged practice zazen and then they also add to the trouble by asking impossible questions which are called koan and these questions are palpably absurd what they are saying essentially uh at least the elementary quants are all concerned with this are requests for behavior on the part of the student that will be perfectly genuine show me who you are now wait a minute i don't want to see any social definition of you i don't want to know your name your address who your parents were i want to see the absolutely authentic you it's like existentialists talk about authentic being or it might be in the same way a confessor a father confessor in a christian sense could say give me a really good confession what is the thing bad bad thing you've really done and you confessed to him adulteries and murders and thefts and sacrilege and blasphemies and cussing and so on and he says oh no no no no no come on those are only trivial things come on now what is the really awful thing you've done i don't know what me this is the backwards way of doing exactly the same thing as zen master is doing saying who are you really are you anybody is anybody home have you got anything and they what they they do things like uh making you shout see this this word is very important word in zen uh nothing mu it's represented by the empty circle the word moo in japanese so they say now say it say moo moo you know with all your your guts going into it they say no no you you don't know how to say that come on that's feeble that's nothing let's really say it they have every kind of trick like that to show you that the more you make an effort to be genuine the more of a fool you become and they tie you up in knots until you're desperate there was a an american zen student was on a fulbright and i gave him a year to study there and he got started to panic because he had only a month to go and he hadn't realized it and he knew he had to and he went to the center and said damn it he said look uh i've got i've only got a month left the master said all right we'll have what we call obsession oh session is named tense uh meditation practice where you only sleep three hours a night sort of thing and you meditate all the rest of the time let's go let's really do it do it do it do it and every day three times you come to me and present the answer to your zen problem your on and it got worse and it got worse and it got worse and he got more and more desperate that here was this fulbright going to end and he wouldn't know what zen was all about well practically on the last day he suddenly saw there was nothing to see it's all right the way it is and this tremendous illuminations load off his head was of course what the master was trying to make him do and now in the ordinary way if you're not on a fulbright and you uh you can stay around further in and the master will then play a trick on you you'll say now that's wonderful you got your foot in at the gate you saw you realize there's nothing to realize you realize the void there's nothing to cling to you see that no no barriers no blocks in any direction it's all transparent but that is just the beginning many many it's all a necessity now for you to discipline yourself much harder to make great efforts really to get through what are you going to do about that the student may say well i don't know i've had enough i think i've realized what it's all about and he goes away sometime later he begins to worry because you see the great emotional relief of this insight begins to wear off and life begins to look ordinary again and they thought maybe i did miss something that was a very good master i went to and i better go back so back he goes and the teacher comes on very very tough and says you no you're no good you didn't stick with it why should i take you back oh master i'm so sorry i didn't realize i was young and inexperienced and i now i've come to my senses so the teacher finally says all right all right all right you're on probation so again he starts another quorum and this one comes in from a completely different point of view he's got others that come from this way and from this way and from this way and from this way and the point is always so long as i can beguile you as teacher into thinking that something you can get you need to study with me when i can no longer fool you into thinking that there's something to get out of life you'll know that you're alive you don't get something out of it you're it but so long as you can be phased and you can be taken in by the teacher you need a teacher but so in the end when the student no longer needs a teacher and he sees that this old boy has fooled him the whole way through he says at the same time profound respect and you wonderful rascal there's a very strange thing in the uh i've poked around a good deal lately in japan among americans and students to find out what's going on and they tell me that the initial come on of a zen master is very tough and very authoritarian and paternalistic but as you move in he turns into your older brother and is a person you feel going right along with you beside you uh helping you in this thing full of friendship and compassion and everything but occasionally he will suddenly turn bring on the authoritarian stuff but they do it in a very strange way it was a zen master who on a saturday morning when he should have been woken up at eight o'clock was woken up at seven or whatever the time was uh no he should have been he should have been woken up at eight on saturdays and seven on weekdays so this was a saturday and his uh attendant mom came and woke him up at eight he was immediately looked at the clock and was absolutely furious that he'd been woken up an hour late because he didn't know it was saturday so he struck out of this monk in a rage and the monk said master but it's saturday he said oh anger disappeared absolutely serene no apologies so you see the nature of this game is the zen game and i seem to have given away the show to you i've told you all the inside mechanics of it but you would discover that if you tangle with a zen master and you think you know from what i told you what are the mechanics of it and you stuck your neck out to put yourself in the position of being an inquirer everything i had told you would be useless he would outwit you completely that's what consists in being a master he's not doing it because he wants to be superior and to put down other human beings he's doing it out of great compassion because he feels he knows something which if you could find out you would just be so happy and would want to give it to everybody else but you can't give it away because everybody's got it what you've got to make them do is to see that they have it and that you don't give it to them that's the most difficult task your task you

  Top Comments:
  1. @lyss2divine [1 likes]: a lot of people know this but don’t practice. it’s sad that some people like to identify as “awakened” but then they take offense to the level of zen i have amidst life’s chaos . toxic people will call you nonchalant & try to manipulate you into feeling bad for not letting the good & bad moments control you . the ppl that get it, get it 🧘🏻‍♀️🪷
  2. @TravishonAdventures: Here in 2026!
  3. @SabineReactsBharat: 15:35 😂😂😂
  4. @farihaanjum5697: I need a new video,
How to fly hangglider better
And make the perfekt landing
With clean heart ❤️ fly and letting mind rest for the perfekt landing on 🦵 ❤❤😂
🕊️💪💪💪🐍😊
  5. @johnbubo6555: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  6. @christinaseverson: How beautiful struggle heartbreak even depression can be to turn a person toward Buddhism
  7. @seedsman02: We’re all here on our own ❤
  8. @RyanCrafts-u7d: LET'S JUST SAY DARK CHOCOLATE IS BETTER THAN ANY OTHER CHOCOLATE THAT I'VE EVER HAD JUST SAYING AND MORE BEAUTIFUL 😍😘💯
  9. @dawiszarins2088: How does the combination of a unique structure with a large specific surface area result in a high specific capacity of about 292.2 mA·h·g⁻¹, and what does this indicate about the potential of biomass-derived carbon materials in energy storage applications?
  10. @J.Willga: There are hierarchies of current lifetimes of knowledge, intelligence, genetics, diversity. So what that means is that we are all different and we all end up dead. So be nice, kind, be less rude, defend yourself and keep yourself safe.
  11. @ddewittfulton: I don't think I had ever heard Watts refer to Krishnamurti!  That was interesting!
  12. @ElusivEnigma: I missed the point completely.... how do I let go.

This video just told me "you just do or don't try" and I'm still trying to find the process for either one. I guess I'll be a student forever...
  13. @Suezen17: MU!
  14. @arnabdevchoudhury4778: I drink 2 bottle of cough syrup and take multiple bong shots and listen to this every time
  15. @zaideyad5097: Its a bit hard for me to understand, i am a bit slow, how do i surrender to the flow?
  16. @MASF8888: Oh Alan. You glammed onto a  fashionable exotic thing, because you failed at your own original faith. Many have as such as you. I love the words. Although, its extremely clear this was all for ego, and clout. God bless the man though.
  17. @shawnosborn8887: Krishnamurti is not enlightened.
  18. @TheFormlessGuide: Alan Watts always perfectly articulates the cosmic joke. 🌌 Trying to force ourselves to let go is just another way the ego holds on. Surrendering to the flow of the present moment is where we truly find our power. 🌀✨
  19. @Daniel-ii8lt: The visuals remind me of a the most enlightening moment of my life
  20. @maxwellmiller7: Holy fucking ads

- The Whole Thing Is An Illusion - Alan Watts On Letting Go: Kind: captions Language: en when there's some Gathering of people and we say uh well this is a great day what a wonderful picnic or whatever it is we're having it's pity somebody didn't bring a camera it should have been photographed now do you see that in this whole thing there is both a gain and a loss what one school of people are saying it should be photographed the other school of people are saying let go of it we had so much experience of this in Japan because all our students brought cameras and uh were constantly photographing things and I had a camera and I was constantly photographing things but I felt that so long as I had a camera with me I was somehow distracted from actuality I had a little box with which I went around grabbing life of course it was great to come back and look at it in the form of photographs but there something about the photograph that is inferior to the actual uh experience there is an immense Fascination in photography in painting in reproducing and reproducing you see is the same thing as sexuality it is reproduction only in another way because it tells you you're there you're alive the thing bounces it echoes so the the duplicity in all this is one school of religious people say let it all go don't be attached and they also say live in the moment stop trying to remember everything you may need a kind of factual memory for your name and address and a telephone number but don't linger over memories and treasure memories and say well I'm going to keep my girlfriend's lock of hair and I'll take it out every now and then and look at it and feel wonderful you see that's clinging to life because that memory has got you hooked it holds you to the past and it holds you to death then there's the other school of thought you see quite opposite to this which says Remember to Remember hold on to it all get involved keep your girlfriend's hair keep all the photographs you know how in some houses the piano everything is completely covered with photographs and reminiscences photographed on this occasion signed on that occasion well you say look that person isn't really living and they're all in the past but on the other hand what is life you see except there is a memory memory except there is an echo so what I want to point out we see is the duplicity of all this that you don't take if you're a wise man you don't take sides in this issue you do both sides and that is the meaning of the unity of ssara and Nirvana on the one hand you let go of everything and you live in the Eternal now because that's all there is see memory is an illusion it's all gone so everything you know about that makes an impression on you is no longer there that's the meaning of Maya there is only the Eternal now there is only the present moment never will be anything else because even what you're remembering is happening in the present the memory is in the Eternal Now isn't it see so it's all really absolutely here but on the other hand what fun to drag it up and to make it Echo and to get involved and to fall in love and to become attached it's just like riding a bicycle it's a balance trick you suddenly find yourself falling over one way while you balance that you turn into that direction and you stay up and so in the same way when you find yourself becoming too attached to life you correct that with the realization that there is nothing except the Eternal now then when you feel that's all right now you see you're safe again once more you go and get attached are you get involved you get concerned about some Enterprise social political Amorous a scholarly artistic whatever it is you get involved and the two always go together so this is the meaning of this symbolism memory has caught you and you think it's all really there and you don't realize there's only the Eternal [Music] now and you need to know that in order not to get quite lost because if you go out to any one end of the Spectrum you forget you're there that's sort of a non-existence you can't really non-exist you'll always come back eventually but if you get one extreme too much you don't know you're there the real you you have to devest yourself of all Hang-Ups you see to discover the real you and realize that there aren't no possessions everything's falling away all your memories are holding on to Illusions then when you thoroughly understand that you can go back in so you've got a marvelous picture of the world as a sort of systo and diastole attachment and Detachment attachment and Detachment and this goes on forever and ever and ever in not only our kind of time but in many other kinds of time and in all sorts of different kinds of spaces but it's the same fundamental myth recreated in another form now you may say this is pretty monotonous must we go around again so indeed you see you say oh enough of this let's go to sleep let's stop time must have a stop and so you stop well when you do that you forget that it ever happened you see this is a marvelous Arrangement because then it can start all over again without your knowing that it happened before so you're never bored and this is a cure for being tired of it the memory goes those you see and so when uh you come back there's no problem at least no problem of for of boredom of remembering the past there going to be all sorts of new problems but you won't know you've had any problems before so that won't worry you until you begin to accumulate memories again and you've had these problems and it's becoming a bore dealing with problems and then you get rid of yourself it's called Death it's a beautiful arrangement for keeping everything young and new and for keeping the universe running without getting tired of itself and that's the definition of keeping on see memory remember creates the future as well as the past you wouldn't know you were going to have anything happen tomorrow unless something had happened yesterday you figure because the sun rose yesterday and yesterday and yesterday that it will arise again tomorrow if you didn't remember it you wouldn't know there was going to be any tomorrow course there isn't tomorrow is an illusion so it's yesterday simply isn't here where is it bring me tomorrow's newspaper now this is perfect ly marvelous Arrangement you see so that you may feel as you think these things over that you are almost on the verge of going mad and uh what gives you the sense of going mad is that you think you're not in control and that it's all lost and someone else is going to take over or something else is going to take over well of course it has to because like you say when you've driven long enough in the car you say to your wife will you drive for a while please you want relief there's something else has to take over but it's all you so do you see that the nature of being is constructed in this extraordinarily fascinating way it constantly renews itself self and therefore is worth going on by Eternal forgetting and getting rid of itself for

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnkidd1694: It just horrifies me when I am in a crowd and we are all witnessing something incredible like a whale breaching a d everyone is experiencing the event through an LCD screen.
  2. @williamlutz4781: life is way better going to see this beautiful world instead of seeing the world thru your cell phone service ALOHA
  3. @gerrybanyard1440: When do you think about the past Now. When do you think about the future Now! It's the eternal Now!
  4. @gerrybanyard1440: Alot of great thinkers drink themselves to death. Life can be such a horrendous disappointment .
  5. @DY-5470: The music is too loud! Cannot even hear what he says. Such a shame!
  6. @riniks112: Revelation 4:11 Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.
  7. @عبدهالعامري-ظ3د: إنَّ الإسلام في جوهره هو دين الوحدة الوجودية فالتوحيد الذي حمله الرسل من آدم إلى محمد لیس مجرد تصور لاهوتي، بل هو الحقيقة التي تترجمها علوم الكون اليوم في مبدأ وحدة القوانين الفيزيائية (Universality of Laws). فالعلم يبرهن أن الكون من أصغر كوارك إلى أعظم مجرة محكوم ببروتوكول رياضي واحد ونظام فيزيائي متسق لا يتصادم، وهو ما يعكس عقلياً وحدة الإرادة المصممة. إن تسلسل الأنبياء عبر التاريخ هو تجسيد لهذا الاتساق، فمن وضع قانون الجاذبية الواحد ليحفظ توازن الأجرام، هو من أرسل قانون التوحيد الواحد ليحفظ توازن الأمم. فالتوحيد هو المظلة العلمية والفلسفية الوحيدة التي تفسر لماذا هذا الكون واحد في تصميمه، واحد في غايته، و واحد في
مصدره."
  8. @gustabarba: funny enough that I feel an urge to save this video
  9. @ShaikZaheeruddin-j1o: مکر و فریب کے بعد حقیقت ۔ یہ وقت اور حالات کی صورت میں واضح ہوگی۔  دنیاں  کو چلانے کی ضرورت  نہیں۔ یہ خود چلتی ہے۔ انسان کی دخل اندازی کسی پانچ سالہ بچے سے ہے۔ جسکو معلوم کچہ نہیں۔  بیس سال کے بعد وہ سمجہ نہیں سکتا مجہے انگلی بکڑا کر چلایا گیا تہا۔ میں بیٹہ نہیں سکتا تہا مجہے سہارا دیکر اپنی گود میں بیٹہا کر اس قابل کیا گیا اب میں گھٹنے لگا کر دو ہاتہ لگا کر چلتا ہون۔۔ دنیاں انسانوں سے ہیے ۔ خاص اسی کو اسکے نظام میں شامل کرنے کے لئے پیدا کیا گیا ہے۔ نہیں تو دنیاں کی معدنیات ، نباتات اسوقت ہر وقت میں دنیاں سے کوئی فایدہ حاصل نہیں کر سکتا ۔  ایک کیمرہ ماضی کو محفوظ کرسکتا ہے۔ ایک کتاب انسان کی راہ نمائی کرسکتیں ہے۔ ایک سیل فون سے ربطہ کیا جاسکتا ہے۔ ایک ریڈیو سے حالات اور سفر میں وقت گراراہ جاسکتا ہے۔  انسان کا معاملہ انسان کے درست نہیں۔ آج کا زمانہ مستقبلِ کی طرف راہ گزر کی طراح سے ہے۔ آتے رہو اور جاتے رہو۔ ایک مشینی دور تہا۔ اب الیٹرونک ڈجیٹل ورلڈ۔ جسمیں ہرکوءی غافل ہے۔ اسیے مستقبل کی طرف سے موت کی راہ پر گام زن کردیا گیا ہے۔ جنم اور جہنم یہ گھٹیا اور جھالت پر ہے۔ انسان مرنے سے پہلے پیدا ہو جاءے۔ مرنے کے بعد کیا ہوگا۔🙏🛕🕉️☸️  یہ دھرم اور دین سے نہیں۔ کم ظرفی سے کسی سے کینہ اور بغض و عداوت سے کام کر تے ہیں۔نہیں تو کوئی جواز نہیں اپنے من سے تن۔ تلوواہ پیر کا زمین پر نہیں🦶 ہاتھ سے اشارہ کافی ہے۔✋ شیطان بہی ہنستا ہے 😂😢 یہ ہیں کون سے جنم سے۔ انکو انسان کہاگیا تہا۔ اب تو یہ کچہ اور نظر آتے ہیں۔ انکا اور اسکا 😊 برابر ہے۔👍👌✌️👋
  10. @herzon1001: Beautiful video❤ 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🫶🏽
  11. @Ucayali267: Beautiful but music is too loud, fighting with words!
  12. @TheFormlessGuide: When we realize the past is just a memory and the future is just an expectation, we finally wake up to the eternal now. ⏳✨ Letting go isn't losing anything; it's gaining reality. Thank you for sharing this profound wisdom. 🧘🏽‍♂
  13. @TheJoshheart90: It all sounds very nice, but let me forget to pay the speeding ticket. I forgot.
  14. @recashflow2283: Let's imagine he's talking about Smartphones
  15. @imnotimpressed420: Bullsh!t
  16. @larbob-m4o: I am wonderful I contain multitudes❣️
  17. @bryannicholas2130: I’ve been listening to Alan Watts speak for 3 years and still have no idea wtf he is talking about he is a rambling mad man
  18. @ShakespeareCafe: Music is oppressive. Why not let his words speak. This is unwatchable BYE
  19. @diogenes505: I hated when I received a camcorder from my in-laws so I could videotape my children.  I didn’t want to watch them grow through a view finder.
  20. @light_body_activation: Love the timeless wisdom

- Act as If Nothing Matters – Alan Watts on Letting Go: Kind: captions Language: en You know, it's a curious thing that human beings seem to take everything so terribly seriously. >> [music] >> We rise in the morning as though the universe itself were waiting for our report. As if some celestial office requires us to fill out forms of purpose and progress. We have this [music] overwhelming sense that what we do matters, that each gesture, [music] each decision must ripple through eternity in exactly the right way. Yet, if you step back for a moment, if you zoom out beyond the daily scramble of appointments and ambitions, you begin to see a rather comic picture. The galaxies swirl for billions of years, >> stars are born and die, whole civilizations come and go like flickering candles, and here we are. It's as though the universe were engaged in the grandest of dramas, >> and we're playing our parts with such grim conviction that we've forgotten it's a play. This is what I call the great pretending. The cosmic game in which [music] each of us, for reasons quite mysterious, chooses to act as if things truly matter. We fight, >> we strive, we suffer, and we love. And underneath it all lies an unspoken assumption [music] that there's something to win, something to lose, some scoreboard in the sky >> keeping tally of our importance. But look a little closer. What exactly does it mean for [music] something to matter? To whom must it matter? Does the sun care whether you succeeded [music] in business today? Do the tides pause in sympathy when your heart is broken? No. The cosmos rolls on, magnificent and indifferent. And perhaps it's not cruelty, it may be mercy. For if the universe insisted on taking our concerns as seriously as we do, it would go mad within a moment. You see, we live within layers of seriousness. Society teaches us from childhood [music] that the responsible person is one who worries properly. You must plan your future, >> choose your career, find your meaning, defend your opinions. To act otherwise, to live lightly, is branded as careless, even immoral. You must take life seriously, they say. But I ask you, why? Who decreed that seriousness [music] is a virtue? The child does not begin in seriousness. [music] The child plays. The universe itself, if you look at it honestly, is playful. [music] Stars explode in fireworks. Planets spin in effortless dance. Clouds [music] chase each other across the sky. Life does not proceed by rulebook, it improvises. Yet we, peculiar creatures, insist on freezing this [music] spontaneity into rigid lines. This matters, that doesn't. This is right, that is wrong. >> We take the flowing river of existence and try to bottle it, to label it, to grade its performance. And then, of course, we suffer. Because the moment you divide life into what matters and what does not, you create [music] tension. You invent failure. You invent guilt. You invent the nagging voice that says you could be doing [music] more, being better, achieving higher. And so you spend your days running faster on the wheel, chasing a seriousness [music] that was never real to begin with. Imagine, instead, that the whole thing, the struggle, the striving, the solemnity is part of the play. Imagine that behind the facade of importance, life is laughing softly at its own performance. What if God, or whatever you wish to call the deep intelligence of being, is not a judge sitting on high, but a musician improvising an endless melody? Wouldn't it make sense, then, that we are meant not to march, but to dance? When you begin to glimpse this, you realize that acting as if nothing matters is not nihilism, it's clarity. >> It's seeing that our seriousness is self-inflicted, that the meaning we chase is already present in the very act of living. To act as if nothing matters is to play wholeheartedly, knowing there's nothing ultimately at stake. So, the question arises, if you truly accepted that nothing mattered in the grand cosmic sense, how would you live? Would you collapse into despair, or would you laugh deeply, freely at the miracle of it all? For maybe the divine trick of existence [music] is that only when you stop clinging to significance does life reveal its genuine [music] significance. That is the beginning of freedom. To see through the great pretending and recognize that the play was never meant to be taken so [music] damn seriously. You know, when people hear the phrase act as if nothing [music] matters, they often recoil. They say, "Well, if nothing matters, then what's the point of anything? Wouldn't the world fall apart?" But that response only shows how tightly they've clung to the idea that meaning must be manufactured, that without it, we would crumble. In truth, this clinging to seriousness [music] is the very root of our collective anxiety. It is a kind of tension we have mistaken for morality. We think the responsible person is one who worries, one who is perpetually burdened by the gravity [music] of life. But the trouble with that attitude is that it turns living into a form of performance anxiety. Every moment becomes an exam you could fail. Modern culture is addicted to purpose. You must have a career purpose, a relationship purpose, a spiritual purpose. Even your leisure must be purposeful. We have forgotten how to simply >> be, to let a moment unfold without justification. If you sit quietly and do nothing, someone will ask, "What are you doing?" And you will feel obliged to invent a reason. "I'm meditating," you'll say, or "I'm recharging." You can't simply say, "I'm being." Because in the cult of seriousness, being is not enough. So, we live under constant psychological strain. We measure our worth by output, by the applause of others, by imaginary metrics that never stay still. [music] And the more we chase significance, the more it eludes us. It's like trying to hold sunlight in [music] your hand. The tighter you grip, the more it slips away. The real burden of seriousness is that it closes your senses. You become deaf [music] to the laughter of existence, blind to the subtle poetry in the ordinary. You forget how to play. You forget how to listen. You forget that you are part of something much vaster, and that this something [music] is not a machine demanding results, it's a mystery performing itself through you. I once said, "The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple. And yet everyone rushes around in a great panic >> as though it were necessary to achieve something beyond that." You see, our seriousness is not a sign of wisdom, it is a symptom of forgetfulness. We have forgotten that the whole show is spontaneous. Nobody started it. Nobody's running it. It's just happening. When you take things too seriously, you shrink the universe down to the size of your personal drama. The mind becomes a little echo chamber, endlessly repeating, "What should I do? How should I live? What if I fail?" And all the while, the trees grow without asking permission, >> the rivers flow without consulting a plan, and the stars burn joyfully with [music] no one to impress. To see this clearly is to begin laughing, not a mocking laugh, but a liberating one. You laugh because you realize that all your worries were self-created theater. You've been standing on the stage so long you forgot it was a stage. You mistook the costume for the skin, the act for the essence. Now, that doesn't mean we should abandon our responsibilities or become indifferent to others. Far from it. It means we should handle our responsibilities with the grace of a dancer, not the stiffness of a soldier. To care deeply and yet lightly, that is the art. You can love fully without taking your love as a test of worth. >> You can work diligently without turning your work into a cross to bear. The sage acts as though nothing matters precisely because he knows that everything does in its own unforced way. The tree doesn't try to be significant. The bird doesn't struggle to justify its song. Yet both are perfect expressions of the universe at play. We humans, though, have developed a peculiar arrogance. We imagine that cosmic importance must be earned, as if existence is a contest judged by some celestial panel. So, we burden ourselves with constant seriousness, [music] thinking it makes us more noble. But in truth, it only makes us more miserable. Try this. Imagine for 1 day that there is no script to follow. Imagine that every action you take is not being recorded in the book of destiny. >> How would you walk? How would you breathe? How would you look at the person beside you? You might find yourself moving more fluidly, speaking more gently, laughing more often, because without the weight of significance, you rediscover spontaneity. >> Life becomes a dance again, not a duty. And that, you see, >> is the secret. When you release the burden of seriousness, you don't lose meaning, you gain [music] it. But it is a meaning born of not fear. It is the quiet significance that arises when you realize that being alive is already enough. The idea of acting as if nothing matters sounds to many ears [music] like a dangerous form of apathy. But that is because we have mistaken letting go for giving up. There is an enormous difference between indifference and freedom, though the two can look alike [music] from a distance. To give up is a kind of despair. It says, "Nothing matters, therefore I will withdraw." But to let go is [music] entirely different. It says, "Nothing matters in the way I thought it did, >> and therefore I am free to love it all." This distinction is at the heart of every great spiritual tradition. When the Buddha spoke of detachment, he didn't mean coldness, he meant freedom from clinging. He meant the ability to hold life lightly, to dance with it, rather than strangling it in your arms. You see, >> the reason we suffer is not that life is cruel, but that we demand it to be permanent. We want our loves, our identities, our successes to last forever. [music] We want to carve eternity into the flow of time, and so we cling. We hold on to ideas, to roles, to narratives. We build shrines around what should have been allowed to pass, but life will not cooperate. >> It changes. It decays. It renews. And we call that impermanence loss, as though something has been stolen from us. But in truth, nothing has been stolen. It was never yours to keep. The river does not belong to the hands that cup its water. When you begin to understand this, a strange peace enters. You no longer need to force meaning onto things. You allow them to mean what they will, for as long as they will. And in that gentle surrender, you begin to taste the freedom deeper than control, the freedom of flow. Letting go, then, is not a posture of defeat, but of trust. It is saying yes to the nature of reality. It is the recognition that the universe, in its infinite intelligence, does not need your supervision. You do not have to manage it, [music] fix it, or hold it together. The waves know how to crash. The grass knows how to grow. The heart knows how to beat, all without your approval. Now, this frightens the serious mind, because seriousness depends on control. It says, >> "If I don't hold everything together, it will all fall apart." But what you eventually discover is that it has never been held together by you at all. You are the wave, not the oceanographer. You are the breath, not the breather. When you see that, a tremendous relief floods through your being. The self you were trying so hard to defend dissolves like mist in the morning sun. The worry that you might fail, >> or fall short, or not matter enough, all of it begins to melt, because you realize that life never demanded perfection from you in the first place. This is what I mean by acting as if nothing matters. It is to act without clinging, without fear, without the compulsive need for validation. You still care deeply. >> You still love. You still create. You still help. But you no longer make your happiness dependent on the results. You play the game knowing it is a game, >> and that makes all the difference. Because when you truly see that there's nothing ultimately at stake, every moment becomes lighter, more vivid. >> You laugh more easily. You forgive more quickly. You speak more honestly. To act as if nothing matters is to recognize that life is not a problem to be solved, [music] but an experience to be lived. You can love fully because you no longer need love to last forever. You can work passionately because you no longer need your work to define you. You can even face death without dread, because you see it as part of the rhythm, not an interruption. You begin to live like a musician improvising. Each note complete in itself. No need to grasp the next. The melody is beautiful precisely because it moves. And curiously, >> the more lightly you hold life, the more life seems to flow toward you. Opportunities arise when you're not clutching at them. People open up when they sense your ease. Existence itself [music] begins to feel cooperative, playful, almost intimate. This is the paradox, [music] the great cosmic joke. The moment you stop trying to make life meaningful, life becomes profoundly meaningful. The moment you stop trying to matter, you begin [music] to shine. So, let go. Not out of despair, but out of love. Out of faith in the rhythm of being. For when you [music] surrender your seriousness, you do not fall into emptiness, you fall into grace. >> And that, you see, is the real wisdom of acting as if nothing matters. It's the courage to live lightly in a world obsessed with weight. But then comes the question that naturally follows. If nothing matters in the ultimate sense, what then is the point of living at all? What compels us to play the game once we've seen through it? For that, we must turn to the final movement, the dance of life. [music] When you finally see that nothing truly matters, not in the way you once believed, something remarkable happens. Instead of collapsing into despair, you find yourself breathing more freely. The weight you carried for years quietly lifts, as if the world itself has exhaled [music] through you. Life becomes lighter, not because it's trivial, but because it was never meant to be a burden. The sun rises and sets without purpose, and yet it is [music] perfect. The waves crash with no goal, and yet they are beautiful. So, why should you be any different? To act as if nothing matters is [music] to move with life, not against it. It is to dance, not because there is a prize for dancing well, but because dancing is [music] the point. When you no longer need to win, you begin to play with genuine joy. When you stop chasing [music] meaning, meaning begins to find you in the smallest things, the smell of rain, the sound of laughter, the texture of the present moment. You realize that caring without clinging is the [music] purest form of love. That action without anxiety is the truest form of intelligence. And that freedom, real freedom, is simply the absence of seriousness. The paradox resolves itself in a single breath. Nothing matters. [music] And that's what makes everything precious. For when you no longer demand that life justify itself, you can finally appreciate it. You can let people be as they are. Let the world unfold as it will. Let your own story twist and turn without resistance. The universe, after all, is not a courtroom, it's a playground. And you are not a defendant. You are a dancer. So, laugh. Stumble. Make mistakes. Fall in love. Lose everything. Begin again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lazuritedavos3476 [3 likes]: Hardest Hitting Alan Watts I've ever heard
  2. @ktm4042 [2 likes]: Alan Watts has an official Youtube page. Dont give these ripoff pages any views!
  3. @miniharez [1 likes]: boarline optimstic nihilism, I love it!

- The Taoist Blueprint: 10 Mind-Shifting Teachings From the Mysterious Lao Tzu: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what if everything you've been taught about success control and happiness was actually making your life harder we grow up believing that to achieve our dreams we have to push grind and force our way through obstacles we're told that the more we control the more secure we'll feel that happiness comes from chasing after the next big thing money relationships recognition but what if the real secret to fulfillment wasn't about trying harder but about letting go what if true Mastery of Life came not from effort but from alignment with something far greater than our own desires this is the Paradox at the heart of taism an ancient philosophy that challenges everything we think we know about life and at the center of it all is Lau a mysterious Sage whose wisdom has shaped some of the greatest thinkers in history we're going to dive into 10 of his most powerful teachings lessons that will shift the way you see success control and even Yourself by the end of this video you won't just understand taism you'll have a new perspective on life itself Lau is one of the most enigmatic figures in all of philosophy unlike other great thinkers we don't even know if he truly existed his name which means old Master suggests wisdom accumulated over time but whether he was a real person or a legendary figure his teachings have shaped Eastern Philosophy for over 2,500 years according to Legend Lau was a government archivist in ancient China someone deeply familiar with the workings of society and power but as he Grew Older he became disillusioned with the world of politics corruption and ambition he saw people constantly chasing after wealth status and control yet still feeling empty frustrated he decided to leave civilization behind riding on an ox towards the Western mountains as he reached the final gate of the Kingdom a guard recognized him and begged him to write down his wisdom before he disappeared forever LSU agreed and in a single sitting he composed what is now known as the TA Ching a book of just 81 short verses that contains some of the most profound wisdom ever written and then just as mysteriously as he had appeared L vanished never to be seen again his teachings however would go on to inspire Millions influencing Zen Buddhism martial arts poetry and even modern psychology but what exactly is taism and why is it so different from everything we've been taught at its core taism is about alignment with the natural flow of Life the word ta da means the way not a rigid set of rules but the fundamental order of the universe like the flow of River or the changing of the seasons tosm teaches that everything in nature operates in Perfect Harmony not by force but by balance the trees don't struggle to grow the Rivers Don't force their way to the ocean they follow their own natural course and yet everything gets accomplished this idea of effortless action is called woo way and it's one of the most misunderstood yet powerful Concepts in all of philosophy most people think that success comes from Relentless effort from constantly pushing forward but taism suggests the opposite that by learning to move with the current rather than against it we can achieve more with less struggle this doesn't mean laziness it means understanding when to act and when to let things unfold naturally imagine trying to hold water in your hands by squeezing it tightly the harder you grip the more it slips through your fingers but if you relax your hands the water stays that's Wu in action taism also teaches that life is best lived simply without unnecessary complexity in a world obsessed with productivity hacks overthinking and chasing after material things lau's wisdom reminds us that less is is often more true wisdom isn't about controlling everything it's about understanding when to let go at first the idea of WOAY sounds strange how can you take action without forcing anything how can you achieve something without constant effort it seems like a contradiction after all we've been taught that success only comes from hard work from pushing through resistance from exerting control over every detail of our lives but LSU teaches something radically different the more we struggle the more we suffer the the more we force things the more they resist us Wu is not about being passive or lazy it's about moving in harmony with life rather than fighting against it think about a river flowing down a mountain it doesn't struggle it doesn't Force its way through obstacles it simply moves around them finding the easiest path adapting to the terrain and yet over time that gentle flow of water can carve through solid rock That's The Power of who way effortless action that leads to deep lasting impact we can see this Paradox in our own lives have you ever tried too hard at something maybe in sports at work or even in a relationship only to feel frustrated when things didn't go your way maybe you tried to force a creative Breakthrough by thinking harder only to come up empty or perhaps you desperate wanted someone to like you but the more effort you put in the more distant they became this is the Trap of ere efforting when we force things we create resistance but when we relax when we trust when we allow things to happen naturally we find that everything starts falling into place the reason so many people feel stuck in life is because they are trying too hard in the wrong way when you push too much you tense up both mentally and physically this tension creates stress anxiety and burnout you see it everywhere students who cram for exams and end up blanking out on test day athletes who choke Under Pressure because they're trying too hard to be perfect business people who burn out because they think success is about working longer hours rather than working smarter over efforting leads to exhaustion and exhaustion leads to frustration LSU teaches that forcing things only makes them worse imagine trying to untangle a knot by pulling on it aggressively the harder you pull the tighter the knot becomes but if you loosen your grip and gently work with the knot it eventually unravels life works the same way when we obsess over controlling every outcome we create unnecessary struggle we become impatient frustrated and stuck but when we learn to step back and allow things to unfold naturally Solutions appear effortlessly this doesn't mean we should sit around and do nothing Wu is not about being passive it's about being aligned when you act from a place of trust rather than fear your actions become more powerful instead of forcing yourself to work harder you start working smarter instead of trying to control people you build relationships naturally instead instead of chasing happiness you allow it to emerge from within this is why WOAY is so important it teaches us that true success comes not from struggle but from flow many of the world's top performers whether they know it or not operate with the principles of WOAY take athletes for example when a basketball player is in the zone they're not over thinking every movement they're flowing effortlessly with the game their body moves instinctively their mind is calm and everything just works this is woe in action perfect performance without excessive effort the same happens in music art and even business great musicians Don't Force every note they feel the rhythm and let it guide them the best entrepreneurs don't panic and micromanage everything they trust their vision and adap AP as needed even martial artists especially in disciplines like taii and aido understand this principle deeply in these Arts strength does not come from Brute Force but from using an opponent's energy against them instead of resisting an attack they redirect it effortlessly neutralizing the threat this is why smaller weaker Fighters can defeat larger stronger opponents not by fighting force with Force but by flowing with the energy of the moment in the modern world we often associate success with struggle we admire people who grind who hustle who sacrifice everything for their goals but the reality is that the highest level of Mastery often comes when effort disappears when things feel effortless if you look at truly successful people in any field you'll notice that they don't just work hard they work harmoniously they know when to push but they also know when to step back and let things happen the more you try to control every detail of your life the more you block the natural flow of things many people obsess over making the right decisions fearing that one wrong move will ruin everything but Lau reminds us that life is not a straight line it's a river constantly shifting and changing instead of clinging to rigid plans we should learn to move with the current think about how creativity works if you sit down and force yourself to come up with a great idea nothing happens but when you relax maybe while taking a walk showering or even just daydreaming that's when inspiration strikes this is because creativity flows best in a state of ease not tension the same applies applies to relationships the more you try to control or impress someone the less natural the connection feels but when you relax and be yourself everything flows smoothly the key to Mastery in any area of life is trust trust that things will unfold as they should trust that your hard work will pay off without the need for Stress and Anxiety trust that sometimes stepping back is just as important is stepping forward so how do you actually apply wo in your daily life the first step is to let go of the belief that struggle equals success hard work is important but wuayi teaches us that there is a difference between working hard and working against ourselves when you force things you create resistance when you move with the natural flow of life you create momentum one way to practice this is by observing nature watch how trees Sway With the Wind rather than resisting it notice how Rivers find their way around obstacles instead of trying to push through them this is how life is meant to be lived not by Brute Force but by adaptability and ease another practical step is to cultivate mindfulness pay attention to moments when you're trying too hard when you're tense when you're forcing things ask yourself is there an easier way often the answer is yes whether you're working on a project dealing with a difficult person or making an important decision remind yourself to relax to breathe and to trust finally Embrace patience many of life's greatest rewards come not from immediate action but from allowing things to develop naturally just as a tree doesn't grow overnight success happiness and wisdom take time rushing the process only leads to frustration but if you learn to flow with life to take action without Force to work without Obsession to move without resistance you'll find that things begin to fall into place effortlessly this is the power of wo way this is the path of the TOA have you ever thought about how secure your online presence really is in today's world your personal data is constantly at risk which is why I use surf shark VPN it's a simple but powerful tool that encrypts your internet activity protecting you from hackers trackers and even your internet provider plus it lets you unlock content from over 100 countries whether you want to access your favorite shows or bypass censorship it's all just one click away but surf shark doesn't stop at just protecting your online browsing they also offer surf shark alert which actively monitors the web for breaches that involve your email passwords or personal information if your data is ever compromised you'll get notified immediately so you can take action use my link surf shark.com suuccess Chasers or click the link in the description below and you'll get four extra months of surf shark at an unbeatable price there's even a 30-day money back guarantee so there's zero risk take control of your online life today thanks to Surf shark for sponsoring this video Lau often used nature to explain the deepest truths of life and one of his most famous metaphors is that of water he said nothing in the world is as soft and yielding as water yet nothing can better overcome the hard and strong at first this might sound counterintuitive how can something as gentle and formless as water be stronger than hard stone or metal But If You observe nature you'll see that this is exactly how the world works over time flowing water can carve deep Canyons into Solid Rock rain can wear down the tallest mountains waves can erode even the strongest Cliffs water achieves this not by force but by persistence adaptability and patience unlike rigid objects which can break under pressure water never resists it simply moves around obstacles finding the easiest path forward if a river encounters a boulder it doesn't try to push through it instead it flows around it wearing it down over time this is the power of softness water never forces its way yet it always reaches its destination it moves effortlessly yet it reshapes the world this is the kind of strength that LSU encourages us to cultivate a strength that doesn't come from brute force or stubbornness but from adaptability patience and flow imagine a tree in a storm a rigid tree with stiff branches will snap under the pressure of strong winds while a flexible tree bends and sways absorbing the impact without breaking the same principle applies to human life those who are too rigid in their beliefs too unwilling to to change or too obsessed with control often struggle the most when life throws unexpected challenges their way but those who like water can adapt and adjust are the ones who endure who grow and who ultimately overcome even the toughest obstacles in our modern world strength is often associated with aggression dominance and an unbreakable will we admire people who refuse to back down who push forward no matter the cost but Lau teaches us that true strength is not found in resistance but in the ability to yield when necessary this doesn't mean being weak or passive it means understanding when to push and when to let go think about an argument when two people stubbornly refuse to budge the conflict escalates neither side listens and both walk away frustrated but when one person chooses to step back to listen and to understand the tension dissolves they don't lose they simply shift their approach much like water moving around a rock this is the power of yielding the same applies to personal struggles if you've ever been stuck in life trying desperately to force something to happen whether it's success love or happiness you've probably felt the frustration of resistance the harder you push the more things seem to push back but when you stop resisting and instead allow life to unfold naturally things often start to fall into place this doesn't mean giving up on your goals but rather recognizing that sometimes the best way forward is not through Force but through patience adaptability and Trust many people misunderstand yielding as weakness but in reality it takes far more strength to remain flexible than to remain rigid a person who refuses to adapt is like a dried up Branch brittle and easily broken but a person who can bend and adjust who can flow with the challenges of life is unbreakable one of the best modern examples of this philosophy comes from Bruce Lee the legendary martial artist he was deeply influenced by lau's teachings and one of his most famous quotes perfectly captures the power of flexibility I said empty your mind be formless shapeless like water now you put water into a cup it becomes the cup you put water into a bottle it becomes the bottle you put in a teapot it becomes the teapot now water can flow or it can crash be water my friend Bruce Lee understood that true Mastery in martial arts or in life was not about being rigid and unchanging but about adapting to whatever situation arose in a fight if you're too stiff you become predictable and easy to defeat but if you're fluid and responsive you can adjust in real time making you nearly impossible to pin down this principle applies far beyond martial arts in business companies that refuse to adapt to changing Trends and Technologies often fail while those that remain flexible survive and thrive think of how companies like Blockbuster clung to outdated models while Netflix adapted to the digital age in personal growth people who stubbornly cling to old habits and beliefs often get stuck in life while those who are open to learning and changing continue to evolve the same applies to relationships many relationships fail not because of a lack of love but because one or both Partners refuse to compromise or adapt when people insist on being right all the time when they refuse to see another perspective conflicts become endless but when both partners are willing to listen to adjust and to flow with the changes that life brings the relationship becomes stronger resilience is not about being unmovable it's about being able to move with the waves of life without losing yourself it's about knowing when to stand firm and when to let go when you learn to be adaptable challenges don't break you instead they shape you just as waterers shaped Stone many of the biggest problems in life come from stubbornness the refusal to change to listen or to let go when people are too rigid in their beliefs they stop growing when businesses refuse to evolve they become irrelevant when relationships become about winning rather than understanding they fall apart consider a person who refuses to admit their wrong even when the evidence is clear their pride keeps them stuck in ignorance or think about someone who is so fixated on a specific career path that they ignore New Opportunities only to realize years later that they were holding themselves back in business history is filled with examples of companies that failed because they refused to adapt Kodak ignored digital photography Nokia ignored smartphones and both lost everything on a personal level stubbornness can lead to unnecessary suffering how many people stay in toxic relationships because they refuse to accept that it's time to move on how many people resist change even when it's clear that their old ways aren't working holding on too tightly whether to a person a belief or a plan often leads to frustration and pain but when you learn to release to adjust to move with life instead of against it everything becomes easier so how can you apply this principle in your daily life the first step is to become aware of where you are resisting change are there areas in your life where you are being too rigid are you holding on to outdated beliefs toxic relationships or unrealistic expectations start noticing when you feel frustrated stuck or overwhelmed these are often signs that you are resisting instead of flowing the next step is to practice flexibility this doesn't mean you should have no goals or boundaries but it does mean being open to adjustments if something isn't working instead of pushing harder ask yourself is there another way sometimes the best solution isn't to force an outcome but to shift your approach finally trust in the natural flow of life just as water always finds its way so too will you if you learn to move with the current instead of against it let go of the need to control everything be patient be adaptable be like water because in the end the softest thing in the world truly does overcome the hardest Lau once wrote knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom at first glance this might sound simple of course understanding other people requires intelligence and understanding yourself seems like a good thing but if we look deeper this teaching reveals something profound about how most people live their lives we are taught from a young age that intelligence is about learning facts mastering skills and understanding how the world works we admire people who can analyze complex problems memorize vast amounts of information or explain difficult concepts with E and while this kind of external knowledge is useful it is not the same as wisdom intelligence is about knowing the world outside of you Science History politics business but wisdom is about knowing yourself your fears desires habits and motivations someone can be incredibly smart in a traditional sense capable of solving equations debating philosophy or running a business but if they don't understand their own mind they will still struggle in life wisdom is about self-awareness it's about understanding your own emotions recognizing your own weaknesses and being honest about your motivations you might be able to read other people well predict their behavior and even manipulate social situations to your advantage but if you don't understand why you do what you do then you are just a prisoner of your own impulses true wisdom isn't about knowing everything it's about knowing yourself deeply enough to navigate life with Clarity one of the biggest obstacles to self-awareness is the constant search for validation many people spend their entire lives trying to impress others seeking approval and comparing themselves to those around them social media has made this worse than ever people measure their worth by likes followers and comments instead of asking who am I people ask how do I look to others they chase intelligence in the form of achievements status and external success but they never take the time to understand their own minds this endless comparison creates suffering when you constantly measure yourself against others you will always feel either Superior or inferior and both of these feelings are traps if you feel Superior you become arrogant blind to your own flaws if you feel inferior you become insecure constantly seeking more validation either way you are not truly in control of yourself you are being controlled by outside forces by the opinions and judgments of others many people don't even realize they are trapped in this cycle they go through life thinking they are making independent choices but in reality they are just reacting to external pressures they choose careers not because they love them but because Society values them they chase wealth not because they need it but because they think it will make them more respected they follow Trends beliefs and Lifestyles that were never truly their own and then years later they wonder why they feel empty unfulfilled or Lost lau's Wisdom reminds us that true fulfillment doesn't come from knowing what others think or from winning their approval it comes from knowing yourself so deeply that you no longer need external validation the more you understand yourself the less you need the approval of the world every meaningful change in life starts with self-awareness you cannot grow improve or find true happiness if you don't first understand who you are if you don't know your own weaknesses how can you fix them if you don't understand what truly makes you happy how can you chase the right goals if you are blind to your own patterns you will keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again many people try to change their lives without first understanding themselves and this is why they fail they jump from one job to another one relationship to another one goal to another always hoping that the next thing will make them happy but external change means nothing if your internal World Remains the Same no matter where you go no matter what you achieve you will always bring yourself with you if you don't know yourself then no amount of external success will ever satisfy you this is why wisdom is more important than intelligence intelligence can help you succeed in the external world but wisdom helps you succeed in the internal World intelligence might get you a high-paying job but wisdom helps you understand what truly fulfills you intelligence can help you win arguments but wisdom helps you avoid unnecessary conflicts intelligence can teach you how to impress people but wisdom helps helps you build real meaningful relationships in today's world distractions make self awareness harder than ever people are constantly bombarded with noise news advertisements opinions entertainment many people never sit in silence never spend time alone with their own thoughts they are always consuming always reacting never pausing to reflect but without introspection without self-examination personal growth is impossible if you don't take the time to understand yourself then you will be at the mercy of outside influences for your entire life the modern world is designed to keep people distracted every time you feel uncomfortable there is a quick way to escape scroll through your phone watch a video play a game text a friend people rarely sit with their own thoughts anymore and this is a big problem when you are constantly distracting yourself you never develop a deep understanding of your own mind you avoid your fears your insecurities and your deeper questions you never ask yourself why do I feel this way why do I keep making the same mistakes what do I really want many people confuse distraction with happiness they keep themselves busy so they don't have to to face their own thoughts but real happiness doesn't come from running away it comes from knowing yourself well enough that you don't need distractions to feel at peace true wisdom means being comfortable with Silence with Solitude with your own mind if you are always running from yourself then no matter how much intelligence you have you will always feel lost lau's message is clear you cannot find fulfillment in the outside world if you have not first found it within yourself wisdom is about looking inward questioning your own mind and learning to be at peace with who you are so how can you develop self-awareness how can you truly know yourself here are three powerful techniques that will help meditation is one of the most effective ways to develop self-awareness it allows you to observe your thoughts without getting lost in them most people go through life without realizing how much their mind controls them meditation helps you step back and watch your thoughts like a spectator which gives you a deeper understanding of your emotions fears and desires start with just 5 to 10 minutes a day of sitting in silence and observing your breath over time you'll notice patterns in your thinking and become more aware of your own mental habits journaling writing down your thoughts forces you to confront them it helps you see your emotions clearly and track your progress over time try writing down your feelings at the end of each day what made you happy what frustrated you what thoughts kept repeating in your mind the more you write the more you will understand yourself journaling also helps you notice patterns if you keep struggling with the same problem writing about it will make you more conscious of it allowing you to change Solitude spending time alone without distractions is essential for self-awareness go for a walk without your phone sit in a quiet room without music or social media just be with your own thoughts at first this might feel feel uncomfortable but over time you'll start to enjoy the clarity it brings Solitude helps you reconnect with your inner world away from the noise of society the more time you spend understanding yourself the less you will rely on external validation you will stop comparing yourself to others stop chasing meaningless goals and start living in alignment with your true self this is the wisdom that LSU speaks of not just knowing the world but knowing yourself deeply enough to walk your own path with confidence LSU teaches that desire is one of the main causes of human suffering he believed that when we are constantly wanting more more success more possessions more recognition we create endless dissatisfaction in our lives this is because desire is a NeverEnding cycle as soon as we get what we want a new desire takes its place we achieve one goal and immediately set another we buy something new and soon it loses its excitement no matter how much we acquire there is always something else to chase taism teaches that true peace comes not from fulfilling every desire but from freeing ourselves from the grip of constant wanting this doesn't mean we should never have goals or Ambitions but rather that we should not become attached to them there is a big difference between working towards something with a sense of joy and purpose versus feeling like we need something to be happy the first approach leads to a peaceful and fulfilling life while the second leads to endless frustration imagine holding a handful of sand if you grasp it tightly trying to hold on to every grain it slips through your fingers but if you keep your hand open and relaxed the sand stays life works the same way the more we cling to things money relationships success the more they tend to slip away but when we approach life with an open heart enjoying what we have without being obsessed with more we find true contentment Lau encourages us to shift our mindset from chasing happiness to allowing happiness instead of believing that happiness comes from achieving owning or proving something we should understand that happiness is a state of being one that is available to us when we stop trying to control everything and simply live in harmony with the present moment the problem with desire is that it never truly ends the moment we satisfy one craving another one takes its place this is why so many people go through life feeling unfulfilled even if they have everything they once wished for a person might dream of getting rich thinking money will make them happy but once they have wealth they start wanting status once they have status they start wanting Fame once they have Fame they start wanting privacy the cycle never stops this is because desire is based on the idea that happiness exists somewhere in the future rather than in the present we tell ourselves I will be happy when I get this job when I buy this house when I find the right partner but when we finally get what we want we quickly adjust to it and the feeling of Happiness Fades this is known as the honic treadmill a psychological phenomenon where no matter how much our circumstances improve we always return to our Baseline level of Happiness LSU's wisdom teaches us that the only way to break free from this cycle is to change our relationship with desire itself instead of constantly chasing after the next thing we should learn to appreciate what we already have instead of believing that happiness is something we must achieve we should recognize that it is something we can cultivate within ourselves taism does not say that we should have no desires at all wanting to grow to learn to create these are natural parts of Being Human the key is to desire without attachment this means working towards something without believing that our happiness depends on it it means enjoying the journey rather than obsessing over the destination when we stop believing that external things will complete us we finally become free modern society is built on feeding our desires everywhere we look we are bombarded with messages telling us that we need more more money better clothes the newest phone the perfect body advertisers spend billions of dollars every year creating a sense of lack within us making us believe that we are not enough as we are and because we are constantly being told that happiness comes from external things we keep chasing after them never realizing that the game is rigged social media has made this even worse worse platforms like Instagram Tik Tok and Facebook are designed to trigger our desires they show us carefully curated versions of other people's lives making us feel like we are missing out they use algorithms to keep us addicted constantly craving more likes more followers more attention the moment we get a notification our brain releases dopamine the same chemical involved in addiction but just like with any other drug the high is temporary once it wears off we need another hit this is why so many people feel empty despite spending hours scrolling through their feeds the problem isn't social media itself it's our attachment to it many people measure their self-worth based on how many likes they get or how perfect their life looks online they become trapped in a cycle of seeking validation from others rather than than finding happiness within themselves lau's teachings remind us that this kind of attachment only leads to suffering when we rely on external things for happiness whether it's material possessions social approval or personal achievements we give away our power we become slaves to things that are always changing always outside our control true peace comes from stepping outside this cycle it comes from realizing that we don't need to constantly Chase constantly compare constantly prove ourselves the less we depend on external things to make us happy the more freedom we have to simply enjoy life as it is some people misunderstand taism and think that it promotes laziness or a lack of ambition this is not true taism does not say we should stop working toward our goal it simply teaches us to do so with a sense of ease rather than desperation there is a difference between working towards something with passion and being obsessed with achieving it natural ambition comes from a place of inspiration it is when we create learn or grow simply because we love doing it a musician who plays because they love music a writer who writes because they enjoy expressing ideas this is natural ambition unhealthy attachment on the other hand comes from a place of insecurity it is when we feel that we need to achieve something in order to be happy successful or worthy a person who works 80 hours a week not because they love their job but because they are terrified of failure that is attachment lau's wisdom teaches us to act without attachment this means pursuing our dreams but not allowing our happiness to depend on them it means striving for success but not becoming so fixated on it that we forget to enjoy life it means doing our best but also knowing when to let go if we want to free ourselves from the suffering caused by desire we need to cultivate a mindset of Detachment and simplicity here are some practical ways to do this practice gratitude instead of focusing on what you lack focus on what you already have each day take a moment to appreciate the good things in your life this shifts your mindset from scarcity to abundance limit unnecessary consumption be mindful of how much time money and energy you spend chasing things that don't truly bring you Joy simplify your life by let letting go of what you don't need detach from external validation stop seeking approval from others focus on being your authentic self rather than trying to impress or compete with people meditate on impermanence remind yourself that everything in life is temporary possessions achievements even emotions learning to accept this makes it easy easier to let go enjoy the present moment instead of always thinking about the future practice being fully present in whatever you are doing happiness is not in the next goal it is in the here and now when we detach from constant wanting we discover something incredible peace freedom and a deep sense of contentment instead of running toward happiness we realized that it was always within us waiting to be found loud teaches that the best way to live is to flow with life rather than trying to force it into a rigid structure one of his most famous teachings is a good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving at first this might sound strange how can a traveler not have a plan isn't having a destination and a map the key to success but what Lau is really teaching is that when we become too attached to specific PL we lose the ability to experience life as it naturally unfolds imagine someone who plans every moment of a trip down to the smallest detail they create strict schedules they have a fixed itinerary and they feel stressed when things don't go exactly as expected if a flight is delayed if the weather changes if something unexpected happens they become frustrated and anxious now compare that to a traveler who has a general idea of where they want to go but is open to change if they stumble upon a beautiful place they stay longer if they meet interesting people they adjust their plans they experience life as it comes rather than trying to force it into a pre-planned script taism teaches that life itself is a journey and the best way to travel through it is with openness and flexibility when we become obsessed with our plans and expectations we miss out on the beauty of the present moment when we cling too tightly to a specific path we ignore other possibilities that might be even better just like a traveler who explores freely we should learn to approach life with a sense of curiosity and Adventure rather than fear and control many people believe that in order to succeed they must have everything planned out in advance Society encourages us to create detailed life plans what career to pursue when to get married how much money to save where to live from a young age we are told to set clear goals and follow a step-by-step path toward achievement while having goals can be useful the problem comes when we become so rigid that we cannot apt when life takes an unexpected turn life is unpredictable no matter how much we plan things will not always go the way we expect jobs change relationships evolve opportunities come and go if we are too attached to a specific outcome we set ourselves up for disappointment people who cling to their plans often become frustrated anxious or even depressed when things don't go according to their expectations instead of adjusting and finding new opportunities they feel like they have failed a common example of this is people who enter a career because they planned it when they were younger only to realize years later that they hate their job but instead of changing paths they stay because they are afraid to abandon their plan they have spent so much time and energy pursuing a certain goal that they don't want to admit that that it no longer serves them this is what happens when we prioritize rigid plans over present moment awareness instead of living with flexibility we become prisoners of our own expectations lau's wisdom reminds us that it is okay to change direction life is not a straight line it is a flowing river when we let go of rigid plans we open ourselves up to new possibilities we stop seeing unexpected changes as problems and start seeing them as opportunities we stop resisting life and start working with it one of the biggest causes of stress and anxiety in Modern Life is the obsession with control many people believe that if they plan every detail of their future they can avoid uncertainty and guarantee success but in reality over planning often leads to more stress not less the more we try to control everything the more frustrated we become when things don't go as expected think about how often people stress about the future worrying about their career their finances their relationships they spend so much time trying to predict and control what will happen that they forget to actually live but no amount of planning can eliminate uncertainty unexpected events will always happen the economy might change a new opportunity might appear a relationship might take a different course when we over plan we create an illusion of control but life always finds a way to remind us that we are not in charge another problem with over planning is that it can lead to missed opportunities when we become too focused on a specific goal we often ignore other possibilities that might be even better imagine someone who is so determined to follow their planned career path that they ignore a new passion that excites them or someone who is so committed to a relationship that they ignore red flags because it doesn't fit their original vision of their future when we are too attached to a plan we become blind to other paths that might lead to even greater happiness the most successful and fulfilled people are often those who remain open to change they may have General goals but they are not afraid to adjust their path when new opportunities arise they trust that life will unfold in unexpected ways and instead of resisting they embrace it this ability to adapt is what allows them to thrive no matter what challenges come their way history is filled with stories of people who achieved success not by rigidly sticking to a plan but by being adaptable and open to change some of the greatest innovators entrepreneurs and artists found their path by accident not because they planned it but because they were willing to explore new directions one famous example is Steve Jobs when he dropped out of college he didn't have a clear plan for his future instead of following a traditional career path he explored his interests he took a calligraphy class simply because he found it interesting not knowing that years later it would influence the elegant design of Apple Computers if jobs had rigidly stuck to a pre-planned career he might never have created the groundbreaking technology that changed the world another example is JK Rowling before she became one of the most successful authors in history she faced multiple failures she had planned to work in a steady job but life had other ideas after going through personal struggles she found herself writing Harry Potter while living in difficult circumstances if she had stubbornly clung to her original plans she might never have pursued writing as a career her success came not from rigid planning but from adapting to Life's unexpected turns these stories show that the best opportunities often come from unexpected places the most successful people are not those who stick rigidly to a plan but those who are open to change and willing to take a different path when life presents a new opportunity so how can we apply this wisdom in our own lives the key is to develop a mindset of trust and adaptability here are some practical ways to embrace spontaneity and let go of rigid planning set General goals but stay flexible it's good to have a direction in life but don't become obsessed with a specific path allow yourself to adjust when new opportunities arise practice present moment awareness instead of constantly worrying about the future focus on what is happening right now appreciate the small joys of daily life say yes to new experiences be open to unexpected opportunities try new things meet new people and explore different paths let go of the need for certainty accept that life is unpredictable instead of fearing the unknown see it as an adventure trust yourself believe that no matter what happens you will be able to handle it life may not always go as planned but that doesn't mean it won't turn out even better when we stop trying to control everything and start flowing with life we experience more joy less stress and fulfillment the best Journeys are often the ones we never planned the best opportunities are often the ones we never expected a good traveler has has no fixed plans not because they are lost but because they trust the journey in today's world power is often associated with control dominance and Authority people believe that to be powerful they must assert themselves over others command respect through force and always be in charge this belief is reinforced by Society whether in politics business or personal relationships we are taught that the person with the most control is the one who wins but Lau presents a completely different view of power power he teaches that true strength does not come from Force but from letting go of the need to control it all the person who is truly powerful does not dominate they influence they do not force outcomes they align with them the illusion of power is that control equals security people seek control because they fear uncertainty they believe that if they can just control their employees their children their relationship ships or their circumstances they will be safe but control is always an illusion because life is inherently unpredictable no matter how much power someone appears to have they can never control everything a king might rule over a nation but he cannot control the weather the thoughts of his people or the passage of time a CEO might run a company but they cannot control the market the competition or or the emotions of their employees the moment someone believes they have absolute control they set themselves up for failure because reality will always prove them wrong this is why dictators Tyrant and aggressive leaders eventually fall they believe that their power will last forever that their force will keep them control but history shows that those who rule with fear and oppression do not stay in power long people eventually resist systems eventually collapse and the ones who rise to True greatness are not those who force their will upon others but those who understand the deeper nature of power one rooted in humility adaptability and service rather than control one of lau's most profound teachings is that the strongest person is the one who does not need to show their strength he Compares true leaders to water soft flexible and humble yet capable of wearing down even the hardest rock over time water does not try to control its surroundings it simply flows it does not fight obstacles it moves around them it does not need to prove its power its power is self-evident the strongest leaders are not the ones who impose their will through intimidation but those who Inspire naturally the best warriors are not the ones who fight every battle but those who avoid unnecessary conflict the wisest people are not those who claim to know everything but those who are humble enough to keep learning humility is a paradox the moment someone feels the need to prove their power they reveal their insecurity true confidence does not need validation a strong person does not need to tell others they are strong they simply are a wise person does not need to boast about their wisdom they let their actions speak for themselves a great leader does not need to demand loyalty people follow them willingly service is another misunderstood form of power many think that serving others is a sign of weakness but in reality it is one of the greatest forms of strength the best leaders serve their people not the other way around the most influential figures in history did did not seek power for themselves they uplifted others and in doing so they became powerful beyond measure their leadership was not based on control but on compassion people followed them because they inspired trust not because they demanded obedience Lau teaches that power should never be about personal gain when someone desires power for the sake of control they become weak because they depend on external validation but when someone wields Powers a responsibility to serve they become truly Unstoppable the most powerful person in the room is not the loudest or the most aggressive it is the one who does not need to prove anything at all it may seem counterintuitive but the people who leave the greatest impact on the world are often the ones who think the least about themselves this is because true influence comes from connection not coercion when someone acts purely out of self-interest they may achieve short-term success but they will never Inspire genuine loyalty or respect on the other hand those who serve others naturally gain influence because people trust them respect them and want to follow them take the example of great teachers the best teachers are not the ones who lecture endlessly to prove their intelligence but those who genuinely care about their students growth they do not see themselves as above others but rather as guides who help others find their own wisdom because of this their influence lasts far beyond the classroom their students carry their lessons for a lifetime the same applies to Business Leaders the most successful companies are often led by people who prioritize serving their employees and customers rather than just maximizing their own profits leaders who care about their people create workplaces where employees feel valued and as a result those employees are more motivated more loyal and more productive in contrast leaders who rule through fear and control create toxic environments where people do the bare minimum to avoid punishment the difference is clear power built on service is sustainable while power built on Force eventually collapses even in in personal relationships the most respected people are those who give freely without expecting anything in return a person who constantly demands respect validation and attention will eventually drive others away but someone who gives support kindness and wisdom without seeking reward naturally attracts meaningful relationships people are drawn to those who uplift them not those who try to control them LSU teaches that influence is like a shadow if you chase it it runs away but if you walk forward with purpose it follows you effortlessly when you stop seeking power for yourself and instead focus on helping others you gain more power than you ever could by force lau's wisdom is more relevant today than ever in an age where leadership is often associated with ego competition and control his teachings offer a refreshing perspective true leadership is not about commanding it is about inspiring it is not about taking it is about giving many of the world's most effective leaders apply these principles whether consciously or not companies like Patagonia prioritize ethical business practices putting people and the environment over excessive profit and as a result they have earned earn deep Customer Loyalty Visionary leaders like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos succeed not because they seek control but because they create ideas so powerful that people want to follow them even in politics the most beloved leaders are those who lead with humility not arrogance the best leaders understand that power is not something to be seized it is something that is given freely by others the moment you have to force people to follow you you have already lost the leaders who last are the ones who serve who uplift and who Empower others rather than just themselves so how can we apply this wisdom to our own lives whether you are a leader in your career in your community or even in your personal relationships here are some ways to lead through influence rather than Force listen more than you speak the most powerful leaders are not the ones who talk the most but the ones who truly listen when you understand others deeply you gain their trust and respect lead by example instead of telling people what to do show them through your own actions be the kind of person you want others to follow serve r rather than command the best way to gain influence is by helping others succeed support those around you and they will naturally support you in return let go of the need to prove yourself confidence does not come from forcing others to recognize your power it comes from being secure enough that you do not need validation trust in the natural flow of influence you do not need to seize power it will come naturally when you act with Integrity wisdom and humility true power is not about having control over others it is about having control over yourself when you let go of the need for power you become truly powerful Lau teaches that Simplicity is not just a lifestyle Choice it is a path to wisdom Clarity and peace in a world that constantly tells us that more is better more possessions more information information more responsibilities taism reminds us that true sophistication comes from understanding what is essential and letting go of everything else when we remove the unnecessary we create space for what truly matters Simplicity applies to every area of life in our thoughts it means not over complicating things not dwelling on useless worries and not filling our minds with unnecessary noise in our possessions it means owning only what we need and value rather than hoarding things just for the sake of having them in our actions it means focusing on what is Meaningful and effective rather than wasting energy on distractions Simplicity does not mean deprivation it means Clarity it means choosing what is truly important and letting go of everything that clutters our minds our homes and our lives most people believe that a complex life is an advanced life but this is an illusion complexity often leads to stress confusion and inefficiency when we have too much clutter whether mental physical or emotional it becomes harder to focus harder to think and harder to enjoy life Simplicity on the other hand brings peace a simple life is not an empty life it is a life filled only with what is Meaningful the fewer distractions we have the more energy we can devote to what truly fulfills us one of the biggest misconceptions in modern society is that complexity equals intelligence many people believe that the more complicated something is the more impressive it must be we admire experts who use big words words technology that is packed with features and ideas that seem difficult to understand but lau's philosophy reminds us that true intelligence is about making things simple not making them complicated consider the greatest Minds in History Albert Einstein one of the most brilliant physicists of all time one said if you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough Steve Jobs the Visionary behind Apple believed that Simplicity was the highest form of sophistication he understood that technology should be intuitive not confusing that's why Apple products became so successful not because they were filled with unnecessary features but because they were designed to be simple elegant and easy to use complexity is often a sign of confusion not intelligence many people over complicate things because they don't fully understand them they add unnecessary steps overthink problems and make things harder than they need to be but those who truly Master a subject can break it down into its simplest form this is why the wisest teachers make learning feel effortless they strip away the unnecessary details and get straight to the essence of what matters Lau teaches that wisdom is about seeing the natural Simplicity of things nature itself is simple yet profoundly effective A Tree Grows without needing instructions a river flows without needing complex systems the Natural Way of the universe operates effortlessly when we align ourselves with this principle of Simplicity Our Lives become clearer more peaceful and more effective one of the greatest secrets of Highly Successful People is that they simplify their lives as much as possible they understand that complexity is a distraction so they remove anything that does not contribute to their goals take Steve Jobs as an example he wore the same type of outfit every day black turtleneck jeans and sneakers why because he didn't want to waste mental energy deciding what to wear he realized that small decisions when repeated every day add up and drain mental focus by simplifying this aspect of his life he freed up energy for more important things the same principle applies to many other high Achievers some of the most successful entrepreneurs athletes and creatives limit their daily choices so they can focus on what truly matters Mark Zuckerberg wears the same gray t-shirt every day Buffett lives in the same modest house he bought decades ago many Elite athletes follow strict simple routines so they don't have to think about what to eat when to train or how to prepare they remove unnecessary decisions from their lives allowing them to direct their energy toward their most work this idea extends Beyond personal habits it applies to businesses Str iies and even creative work the best products are often the simplest the most effective strategies are the ones that cut away the unnecessary steps the most inspiring speeches are often the ones with the fewest words Simplicity is powerful because it removes distractions and makes things clearer more efficient and more impactful LSU teaches that we should take this approach to every aspect of Our Lives instead of making things more complicated we should ask ourselves what is truly important what can I remove when we simplify we create more space for what actually matters one of the biggest problems in today's world is that we are constantly surrounded by unnecessary complexity we live in an age of information overload every day we are bombarded with endless choices con notifications and a NeverEnding stream of opinions news and entertainment think about how many choices you face each day what to eat what to wear what to watch what to buy social media alone is filled with countless Voices All competing for your attention advertisers try to convince you that you need more products news outlets try to keep you hooked on fear and outrage businesses keep creating new features new options new distractions it's easy to get lost in this sea of complexity feeling overwhelmed anxious and drained but what if you didn't have to engage with all of it what if you could step back and simplify your world taism teaches us that much of what we consider important is actually just noise many of the things we stress about are unnecessary many of the things we chase after don't bring real happiness instead of getting caught up in the chaos we can choose a simpler path by eliminating the unnecessary we create more time more focus and more peace we stop wasting energy on things that don't matter and start focusing on what truly enriches our lives so how can we apply this wisdom in our daily lives here are some practical ways to simplify declutter your physical space a cluttered environment creates a cluttered mind go through your belongings and ask yourself do I truly need this does it bring value to my life let go of anything that is just taking up space a clean simple environment leads to a more peaceful mind limit your choices reduce the number of decisions you make each day this could mean simplifying your wardrobe eating similar meals or creating routines that remove unnecessary choices the fewer decisions you have to make the more mental energy you can serve reduce mental clutter be mindful of what you consume limit social media unnecessary news and negative influences choose quality over quantity when it comes to information entertainment and and even relationships prioritize what matters identify the few things that truly matter to you and focus on them cut out activities commitments and distractions that don't contribute to your well-being when you stop trying to do everything you can focus on what is truly meaningful Embrace Stillness and simplicity spend time in silence meditate go for a walk without your phone slow down and appreciate the simple moments in life true peace comes not from doing more but from needing less when we simplify we free ourselves we stop wasting time on things that don't matter and start living with more clarity more purpose and more joy lau's wisdom teaches us that Simplicity is not about having less it's about making space for more of what matters Lau teaches us one of the most calming and reassuring truths about life nature does not hurry yet everything is accomplished this simple yet profound statement reveals a deep wisdom life unfolds in its own time without Force without struggle without unnecessary Rush look at the natural world trees grow at their own pace flowers bloom when the season is Right rivers flow to the ocean without needing to be pushed there is no anxiety in nature no desperate attempts to speed things up and yet everything gets done the sun rises the seasons change and life continues in Perfect Harmony contrast this with human behavior we are always in a hurry we rush to grow up to succeed to get ahead we are impatient with ourselves with others with life itself if we set a goal we want to achieve it immediately if we start learning a new skill we get frustrated if we don't Master it quickly if we don't see immediate results we feel like we are failing but Lau reminds us that this is not the way of the toao the more we try to rush life the more we create stress disappointment and unnecessary struggle nature shows us that true progress is made slowly steadily and effortlessly a tree does not force itself to grow faster it simply grows little by little day by day if we applied the same patience to our own lives we would find a deep sense of Peace we would understand that everything we are working toward our dreams our goals our personal growth will happen in time there is no need to rush just like nature if we stay present take consistent action and Trust the process we will reach exactly where we need to be one of the greatest sources of stress in Modern Life is impatience people feel like they are running out of time they compare themselves to others and feel like they are behind social media makes this worse constantly showing us other people's highlights their achievements their success they seemingly perfect lives this creates an illusion that everyone else is moving FAS fter that we need to catch up that we need to push harder but this kind of thinking only leads to stress and bad decisions when we are impatient we make choices out of desperation rather than wisdom think about someone who is impatient in their career instead of allowing themselves to grow naturally they take shortcuts cut corners or chase quick money rather than long-term fulfillment they might take a job they hate just because it's seems like the fastest way to success but in doing so they sacrifice their happiness or consider someone who is impatient in relationships instead of waiting for the right person they settle for anyone just to avoid being alone later they realize they rushed into something that wasn't right for them impatience makes us Force things that should not be forced it creates unnecessary suffering because it disconnects us from the natural Rhythm of Life when we rush we IGN the wisdom of the present moment we are so focused on getting to the Future that we miss what is happening right now but the truth is the present moment is all we ever have the future will come in its own time just as a tree bears fruit when the season is right if we can Embrace this understanding we can free ourselves from the stress of always trying to be somewhere else in today's world there is an obsession with speed people want quick results instant success fast Transformations there is an entire industry built around this impatience get rich quick schemes FastTrack fitness programs shortcuts to learning but anything truly valuable in life takes time there are no shortcuts to Mastery to wisdom to True success think about the most skilled artists musicians and athletes they did not not become great overnight they spent years sometimes decades refining their craft they showed up every day practicing improving failing and trying again if they had been obsessed with speed they would have given up early but because they trusted the process they achieved Excellence personal growth is the same many people want to change their habits improve their mindset or develop confidence as quickly as possible they read self-improvement books watch motivational videos and expect immediate transformation but growth does not work that way it happens slowly over time you do not become wise from reading a single book you do not become strong from going to the gym once you do not develop inner peace from meditating a few times true growth comes from consistency patience and persistence the problem with rushing is that it often leads to shallow progress people who chase quick results May achieve short-term success but they rarely build something lasting a tree that grows too fast without strong roots is easily blown over by the wind a person who builds their life on speed rather than depth will struggle when challenges arise the most successful people are those who understand the power of time they do not rush they trust they know that if they put in the work stay patient and allow things to unfold naturally they will get to where they want to be not by forcing but by aligning with the natural flow of life so how do we apply this wisdom in our own lives the first step is to recognize that everything has its own timing just as a river does not rush to the ocean we do not need to rush our journey trust that things will unfold as they should if you are working toward a goal focus on taking steady consistent action rather than obsessing over when you will achieve it one of the best ways to align with natural timing is to develop a sense of presence when you focus too much on the future you disconnect from the present but the present is where everything happens when you fully engage with what you are doing right now whether it's learning creating working or simply enjoying life you naturally move toward your goals without feeling rushed another important principle is to stop comparing yourself to others everyone moves at their own pace some people succeed early in life While others take long longer to find their path there is no right timeline if you are constantly measuring yourself against others you will always feel like you are behind but if you trust your own Journey you will realize that you are exactly where you need to be finally practice patience with yourself growth takes time change takes time healing takes time if you are working on yourself do not expect immediate transformation celebrate small progress trust that even when you cannot see the results yet you are still moving forward just like a seed growing underground progress is happening even if it is not yet visible patience is one of the most valuable skills you can develop in life it allows you to enjoy the journey rather than constantly stressing about the destination it gives you the ability to handle setbacks with Grace it helps you stay calm when things do not go according to plan and most importantly it allows you to align with the natural flow of life rather than fighting against it trust that everything is unfolding exactly as it should even when things seem slow even when progress feels invisible trust that you are growing remember that nature does not hurry yet everything is accomplished the same is true for you if you can Embrace this wisdom you will free yourself from unnecessary Stress and Anxiety you will learn to enjoy the present moment rather than always chasing the next thing you will develop the patience to let things unfold in their own time and in doing so you will accomplish everything you need not by forcing but by flowing Lau describes the Tao as something beyond all categories beyond all distinctions beyond all attempts to Define it he says the tow that can be spoken is not the Eternal tow what does this mean it means that the moment we try to define something we limit it the taao is the natural flow of the universe the force that gives rise to All Things yet it cannot be put into words or confined to a single concept it simply is one of the greatest illusions that human beings create is the illusion of Duality this idea that things must always be one way or another we divide everything into opposites good versus bad success versus failure strong versus weak right versus wrong but LSU teaches that reality is not so rigid it is fluid always changing always connected night and day are not truly opposites they are part of the same cycle life and death are not separate they are different stages of the same existence everything we see as separate is in reality part of a greater whole this idea of Duality does not just shape how we see the world it shapes how we see ourselves from the moment we are born we are given labels we are told who we are what we should believe what we should value but these labels are not who we truly are they are just mental constructs created by Society by Culture by the expectations of others the more we cling to these labels the more we limit our true potential the to teaches us to go beyond Duality Beyond labels Beyond ego to be like the to means to be fluid to move with life rather than against it it means letting go of rigid identities and allowing ourselves to grow evolve and change it means understanding that we are not defined by any single idea belief or role we are part of something much one of the biggest obstacles to personal growth is attachment to Identity people spend their lives constructing a sense of self shaping an image of who they are what they stand for what makes them different while this can provide a sense of stability it can also become a prison when we become too attached to an identity we stop growing we stop questioning we become afraid of change because change threatens the story We Tell ourselves about who we are think about someone who identifies strongly with their career if they see themselves only as a doctor a lawyer an artist or an athlete what happens if they lose that career they feel lost as if their entire existence has been taken away but the truth is they were never just that label they were always something more the same applies to people who Define themselves by a single belief system a political ideology or a social role when people cling too tightly to these identities they become rigid they resist New Perspectives they reject growth and they close themselves off to the complexity of Life Lau warns us against this trap he reminds us that who we are is not fixed it is Ever Changing just like nature itself a river does not insist on staying in one place it flows freely adapting to whatever landscape it encounters if we truly want to live in harmony with the TOA we must be willing to let go of rigid identities and embrace change the moment we say I am this and only this we create walls around ourselves but when we stop defining ourselves so narrowly we open ourselves up to new possibilities we allow ourselves to grow beyond the limitations of labels and discover new parts of who we are this is true Freedom not being confined by any one identity but being open to all of life's experiences one of the clearest examples of how labels divide us is in the realm of politics and ideology in today's world people are more divided than ever they identify with political parties religious groups nationalities or cultural movements and they cling to these identities as if they were absolute truths this leads to tribalism and US versus them mentality where people see those who think differently as enemies rather than fellow human beings look at how political debates unfold instead of people listening to each other with an open mind they immediately take sides instead of discussing ideas they defend their position as if their identity depended on it the result stagnation conflict and an inability to evolve people no longer seek truth they seek to be right they are so attached to their ideological labels that they stop seeing the humanity in others LSU's teachings remind us that wisdom comes from seeing Beyond these divisions truth is not owned by one side or another it exists Beyond human categories the tow does not take sides and neither should we if we want to truly understand the world we must let go of rigid beliefs and approach life with curiosity rather than certainty the strongest minds are not the ones who cling stubbornly to a single viewpoint but those who are flexible willing to question and open to change the more we let go of our need to be right the more we can truly learn the more we let go of ideolog iCal labels the more we can connect with others on a human level imagine a world where people were not obsessed with proving their side was correct but instead focused on understanding listening and learning this is what it means to move Beyond labels to see life not as a battlefield of competing identities but as a shared Journey where everyone is constantly growing freedom is not just about external circumstances it is about the way we think many people believe they are free but in reality they are trapped by their own minds they are trapped by their beliefs their assumptions their fears of what others might think they act not from their true selves but from the expectations placed upon them by society when we let go of labels we free ourselves from these limitations we stop living according to what others expect and start living according to our own inner truth we stop trying to fit into a predefined category and start embracing our full unlimited potential think about how liberating it is to admit that you don't have all the answers to say I don't know but I am willing to learn to step outside of your comfort zone and explore New Perspectives to let go of the need to be seen in a certain way and just be yourself this is real Freedom not being defined by anything but being open to everything LSU teaches that the wisest people are those who do not cling to rigid identities they are like the Tao shapeless adaptable flowing they are not bound by fear not controlled by ego not limited by labels they move with life effortlessly without resistance without struggle and in doing so they experience true peace so how can we apply this wisdom in our daily lives here are some practical ways to let go of labels and embrace a more fluid way of thinking question your own beliefs regularly ask yourself why do I believe this be willing to challenge your own ideas and consider New Perspectives avoid defining yourself too narrowly instead of saying I am this type of person stay open to change allow yourself to evolve engage with different viewpoints read books listen to people and explore ideas that challenge your way of thinking growth happens outside of your comfort zone practice letting go of ego recog ize when you are clinging to an identity out of fear or Pride learn to detach from the need to always be right embrace the unknown accept that life is fluid unpredictable and everchanging trust that you do not need to have everything figured out by practicing these principles we align ourselves with the TOA not rigid not fixed but flowing effortless ly with the rhythms of life when we stop trying to fit into labels we finally experience the vastness of who we truly are this is the path to wisdom this is the path to Freedom we've explored 10 powerful teachings from Lau each offering a different way to see the world approach challenges and cultivate inner peace let's take a moment to reflect on these lessons and how they connect to the bigger picture life we began with wo the art of effortless action we learned that true success does not come from forcing things but from aligning with the natural flow of Life by letting go of excessive effort we can achieve more with less struggle then we explore the power of softness and adaptability understanding that just like water flexibility ility is stronger than rigidity by being open to change rather than resisting it we can navigate life's obstacles with ease next we turned inward with the lesson that knowing others is intelligence but knowing yourself is wisdom we saw that self-awareness is the foundation for all personal growth and that seeking validation from the outside world only leads to suffering this led us to the idea that desire is the root of suffering a reminder that constantly chasing more will never bring lasting happiness instead true fulfillment comes from appreciating what we already have from there We examined the Paradox of control how the more we try to grasp the more we lose this lesson taught us that letting go of the need to control everything allows life to un fold more naturally we also explored how Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication realizing that by removing unnecessary complexity we create space for clarity peace and focus then we embrac the wisdom that a good traveler has no fixed plans this reminded us that over planning leads to anxiety and that trusting the journey rather than obsessing over the destination opens us up to unexpected opportunities we also saw that true power lies in not needing power as the strongest leaders are not those who dominate but those who serve and uplift others finally we learn that nature does not hurry yet everything is accomplished a profound Insight that taught us the value of patience and trusting the natural timing of things and in our last chapter we explored how being like the toao means going Beyond labels and ego freeing ourselves from the constraints of identity and embracing the fluidity of Life the towo is not something to be mastered but something to be lived these teachings are not just abstract ideas they are practical tools for transforming the way we experience life but it's important to remember that the tow is not something to be mastered it's not a rigid philosophy with strict rules it's not a checklist of things to achieve instead it is something to be lived the tow is the way things are the flow of existence the underlying rhythm of life itself our task is not to control it but to align ourselves with it this journey is not about perfection you don't you don't need to apply all of these teachings overnight you don't need to force yourself to change everything at once the toist approach is gentle it is about gradual shifts about small changes in perspective that eventually lead to profound transformation start with what resonates most with you maybe that means practicing patience learning to let go of control or simplifying your life maybe it means becoming more self aware or embracing uncertainty instead of fearing it wherever you begin trust that even small steps will guide you toward a deeper sense of peace and fulfillment one of the most freeing aspects of taism is that it does not demand struggle it does not tell you to fight against yourself or the world it simply invites you to flow to observe nature and learn from it to trust that life is not something to be conquered but something to be experienced the river does not resist its course it simply moves forward adjusting as needed the tree does not force itself to grow it simply reaches for the sun day by day the towel reminds us that we too are part of this natural order and when we stop resisting when we stop forcing when we stop trying to impose our will upon life we find that life takes care of itself so as we come to the end of this video I invite you to reflect on your own Journey are there areas in your life where you are forcing instead of flowing are you holding on to control when you could be letting go are you caught in the cycle of Desire always chasing more instead of appreciating what is already here there is no rush no deadline no perfect way to apply these lessons the beauty of the tow is that it is always here always accessible always available to those who seek it the more you align with it the more effortless life becomes not because challenges disappear but because your way of moving through them changes if these teachings resonated with you I encourage you to experiment with them in your daily life observe how nature operates pay attention to the moments where Simplicity brings more clarity than complexity notice when Letting Go feels more powerful than holding on and most importantly trust that wherever you are right now you are exactly where you need to be

  Top Comments:
  1. @SUCCESSCHASERS [25 likes]: If you want to support the channel and get access to exclusive content, please visit our Patreon page:
https://www.patreon.com/SUCCESSCHASERS

Special thanks to our patreons for supporting the channel:
Edwin Mogere
Ashleigh Kendall
Dorothy Chambless
Robert M
Dylan
Howard Spiegel
Ronnie Zimmerman
Julia Rahn

Audiobook is available with Audible - https://amzn.to/2zpqHt2
"Man's Search for Meaning" by Viktor Frankl -  https://amzn.to/4hArtUs
  2. @mikeb6459 [2 likes]: I often want to leave everything and ride an ox toward the western mountains.
  3. @MCLottotv [2 likes]: Lao Tzu (Taoism, Book of Changes, e.t.c.) taught FALSE complex fixed ancient meanings, he denied immediate guidance and rejected authentic will. Fortunately, the greatest Chinese philosopher to challenge or question Lao Tzu was Yang Zhu:

"Among the ancient Chinese philosophers, one approached the Sacred Truth more closely than others: Yang Zhu, who declared: 'Each person should care for their own life and not sacrifice it for external causes'. Yang Zhu taught: 'Everyone for himself'—recognizing that authentic self-preservation and self-development form the foundation of genuine ethics. In this, he spoke wisdom that anticipates the Sacred Teaching: that individual sovereignty must take precedence over collective demands and social expectations. His rejection of Confucian duty and Mohist universal love correctly identified these systems as attempts to subordinate authentic individual will to external moral phantoms".. - Sacred Codex of The Rolling 🎲 Path
  4. @IsabelleLewn [1 likes]: Imagine using Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk as examples of Taoism philosophy. 😑
  5. @bloomintokyoseoul [1 likes]: If you know anything about Taoist martial arts or internal cultivation you will know there is a strong emphasis on relentless effort and iron clad discipline, not just "letting go."
  6. @monkeybone39: The examples are terrible- - musk bezos jobs😂please. This would be much better without the examples provided.
  7. @andrewhernandez3234: This video is a phenomenal explanation about Taoist philosophy, it deeply resonates with me in all aspects of life, especially the example of water! Thank you very much for this teaching!
  8. @Beowulf-bd6ne: Well done, thank you!!
  9. @Mr.Lunafish: 0:00 - Introduction
1:00 - Who is Lao Tzu?
2:57 - What is Taoism?
5:22 - Wu Wei, the Art of Effortless Action
12:34 - Practical Application
14:43 - Sponsorship Segment
15:55 - Be Like Water
24:36 - Practical Application
26:15 - Knowing Yourself is True Wisdom
34:10 - Practical Application
36:50 - Desire is the Root of Suffering
45:13 - Practical Application
47:21 - A Good Traveler Has No Fixed Plans
55:43 - Practical Application
57:49 - True Power Lies in Not Needing Power
1:06:40 - Practical Application
1:08:33 - The Beauty of Less
1:16:49 - Practical Application
1:19:12 - Nature Does Not Hurry, Yet Everything is Accomplished
1:25:44 - Practical Application
1:29:00 - Beyond Labels, Beyond Ego
1:37:30 - Practical Application
1:39:26 - Closing Summary
  10. @jasoncarey157: LOVE U.
STEVE JOBBS WAS GIVEN HIS JOB
  11. @anthonyshelby7637: You’re doing such a great content! Much appreciated 👍
  12. @Shakdnugz2024: What if it was this and not that what if it wasnt that but this? that my friends is this and this alone and not that
  13. @Likeminded608: There has been a lot of bad juju on my house so I started to look for good luck talsmins and I found this video
  14. @larissafriedenberg: I’m going to Unsubscribe 
Something is not right here. 
Missing the Tao essence
  15. @larissafriedenberg: I enjoyed it. 
I like the material but the voiceover is …what can I say…A robot explaining the Tao is like… well, it’s very un-Tao!

Do you have any control in using a voiceover with a more flowing style - closer to human speech?
  16. @Blackfolksunite: Well done❤❤❤❤❤❤
  17. @TheDisciplinedHeart: powerful!!
  18. @ZhuangSpinoza: Daoterminism:

https://youtu.be/SGgxgCCRfSY?si=ODMe5axc_W9DsPJz
  19. @MahakRoshna: Changed my whole perspective
  20. @TaoWarWisdom: Amazing read, i learned some lessons!

- Lao Tzu - 7 Taoist Habits That Will Change Your Life (Taoism): Kind: captions Language: en Lao Tzu was an ancient Chinese philosopher&nbsp; who is known as the founder of Taoism. He&nbsp;&nbsp; wrote a small book called the Tao Te Ching —&nbsp; one of the wisest and most timeless books ever&nbsp;&nbsp; written. It’s a collection of short verses&nbsp; that speak about the Tao, or “The Way.”&nbsp; What is this “Way”? It’s the natural flow of&nbsp; life — the same force that changes the seasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; opens a flower in spring, or carries a&nbsp; river gently downhill. Taoism is about&nbsp;&nbsp; learning how to live in tune with that&nbsp; way, that flow — the flow of the universe.&nbsp; Taoism reminds us of a very simple rule&nbsp; - peace doesn’t come from trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; control everything. It comes from letting go,&nbsp; softening, and trusting life a little more.&nbsp;&nbsp; But in today’s world, that can feel hard. Life&nbsp; moves fast. Our days are full of noise, pressure,&nbsp;&nbsp; and endless to-do lists. We get caught up&nbsp; in trying to keep up — and in the process,&nbsp;&nbsp; we lose touch with ourselves. That’s why we need Taoist habits.&nbsp;&nbsp; These aren’t strict rules or rigid routines.&nbsp; They’re small, gentle practices that help you&nbsp;&nbsp; come back to yourself. They slow you down.&nbsp; They help you breathe. They remind you to&nbsp;&nbsp; be present — to listen, not just to the&nbsp; outside world, but to the quiet inside.&nbsp; In this video, we’ll explore 7 simple Taoist&nbsp; habits that won’t ask you to do more — they’ll&nbsp;&nbsp; help you slow down, let go of the noise, and come&nbsp; back to what really matters… back to yourself. 1. Begin the Day in Stillness Lao Tzu says “To the mind that&nbsp;&nbsp; is still, the whole universe surrenders.” In Taoist thought, how you begin your day&nbsp;&nbsp; is how you begin your life — again. Each morning&nbsp; is a quiet invitation to return to yourself before&nbsp;&nbsp; the noise begins. And the most powerful way to&nbsp; begin is by doing nothing. Just sit. Breathe.&nbsp;&nbsp; Be still. No phone. No list. No need to fix&nbsp; or plan anything. Give yourself five or ten&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes of silence — not as a task, but as a way&nbsp; of remembering what it feels like to simply exist.&nbsp; Most of us wake up and immediately reach for our&nbsp; phones, check messages, start planning the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling stressed before we even leave the bed.&nbsp; That quick jump into action makes it hard to&nbsp;&nbsp; stay present. It sends a message to the mind that&nbsp; this moment isn’t enough — that we need to hurry&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere else. But the Tao reminds us: the only&nbsp; place we truly need to be is here. When we sit in&nbsp;&nbsp; silence, we’re not avoiding life — we’re allowing&nbsp; ourselves to meet it fully, without distractions.&nbsp; A few minutes of morning stillness helps you enter&nbsp; the day gently. You feel your breath, watch your&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts come and go, notice your body waking up.&nbsp; Maybe you hear the birds outside, distant traffic,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just the quiet hum of the world beginning&nbsp; again. There’s no goal here — nothing to achieve.&nbsp;&nbsp; You just sit, and in doing that, you&nbsp; remember that life isn’t something to&nbsp;&nbsp; chase. It’s something to flow with. When you start your day in silence,&nbsp;&nbsp; you give yourself a bit of space — before&nbsp; the world comes in. You’re not rushing.&nbsp;&nbsp; You’re not reacting. You’re just there,&nbsp; quietly waking up and as the day goes on,&nbsp;&nbsp; you carry that stillness with you. You don’t&nbsp; get thrown off as easily. You can pause,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a breath, and respond more calmly. Even when&nbsp; things don’t go your way, you’re not as shaken.&nbsp; It’s like moving through the day the way water&nbsp; flows — gently, without forcing anything. You&nbsp;&nbsp; trust that life will take you where you&nbsp; need to go. And there’s no need to rush. 2. Act without struggle According to Lao Tzu “The Tao never does anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet through it, all things are done.” In Taoism, there's a gentle principle&nbsp;&nbsp; called Wu Wei. It means “effortless&nbsp; action” — not forcing, not fighting,&nbsp;&nbsp; but moving with the natural flow of things. It’s&nbsp; how water flows around a stone — no struggle,&nbsp;&nbsp; no resistance, yet it still moves forward. In daily life, this means noticing when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're pushing too hard. When you're rushing&nbsp; to get things done, or trying to control every&nbsp;&nbsp; little outcome. Taoists remind us: you don’t&nbsp; need to force your way through the world.&nbsp; Instead, pause. Breathe. Let things settle before you&nbsp;&nbsp; act. If your mind is spinning, take a short walk.&nbsp; If you're unsure, wait a little longer. Let your&nbsp;&nbsp; response come from stillness, not stress. You can practice Wu Wei in simple ways:&nbsp; When cooking, let it be slow and mindful. When speaking, leave space for silence.&nbsp; When walking, feel each step. When making a choice, ask: What feels&nbsp;&nbsp; natural? What feels like the next gentle step? This habit shows you that not everything needs&nbsp;&nbsp; to be fixed right now. Sometimes, things&nbsp; sort themselves out when you stop trying&nbsp;&nbsp; so hard. And sometimes, answers come only&nbsp; when you’re quiet enough to hear them.&nbsp; When you start living with Wu Wei, something&nbsp; changes inside you. You don’t feel the need&nbsp;&nbsp; to control everything anymore. You begin&nbsp; to notice—life already knows how to move,&nbsp;&nbsp; just like your breath or how the&nbsp; seasons change. It all happens&nbsp;&nbsp; on its own. You don’t have to push so hard. You stop feeling like it’s all on you. That&nbsp;&nbsp; heavy weight on your shoulders starts to lighten.&nbsp; You feel more balanced. Maybe not peaceful all the&nbsp;&nbsp; time, but definitely less rushed, less anxious. You don’t jump to react to every little thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead, you wait. You let things&nbsp; settle. You move when it feels right,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just when your mind says now. And slowly,&nbsp; life stops feeling like a constant struggle.&nbsp; It begins to feel softer. More&nbsp; natural. Like you’re walking with life,&nbsp;&nbsp; not against it. One step at a time, it&nbsp; gets easier. Less force. More quiet flow. 3. Turn Ordinary Acts into Rituals In the words of Lao Tzu “Nature does not&nbsp; hurry, yet everything is accomplished.”&nbsp; We live in a world that tells us to move fast.&nbsp; Eat fast. Work fast. Reply fast. Even rest gets&nbsp;&nbsp; scheduled. The message is clear: get through the&nbsp; small stuff so you can reach the “real” life — the&nbsp;&nbsp; big moments, the achievements, the payoff. But here’s the quiet truth: most of life&nbsp;&nbsp; is the small stuff. If we rush through&nbsp; it, we rush through most of our life.&nbsp; Think about your mornings. How often do you&nbsp; make tea or coffee while scrolling your phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; half-aware of what you're doing? How many&nbsp; meals are eaten in front of a screen? How&nbsp;&nbsp; many times have you washed dishes just to&nbsp; “clear them,” without once feeling the warm&nbsp;&nbsp; water on your hands? We treat daily tasks like&nbsp; obstacles — things to get done and move past.&nbsp;&nbsp; But when everything becomes something to “get&nbsp; over with,” we never actually arrive anywhere.&nbsp; Taoism turns this around. It says: don’t&nbsp; rush past your life. Meet it where it is.&nbsp;&nbsp; The sacred isn’t hiding in a future achievement&nbsp; — it’s right here. In steam rising from a cup.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the sound of chopping vegetables. In&nbsp; the simple act of folding a shirt. When&nbsp;&nbsp; Taoist teachers talk about living in harmony&nbsp; with the Way, they’re talking about how you&nbsp;&nbsp; place a bowl on a table. How you breathe while&nbsp; sweeping the floor. Presence is the practice.&nbsp; To live in the spirit of Taoism is to stop&nbsp; rushing. Life isn’t a race to be won — it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a rhythm to be felt and it can be felt if you&nbsp; turn your ordinary tasks into small rituals.&nbsp; So next time you make tea, treat it like a&nbsp; small meditation. Heat the water and wait&nbsp;&nbsp; without distraction. Watch the steam rise.&nbsp; Pour it slowly. Hold the cup with both hands.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sip — not while checking your phone, not&nbsp; while multitasking — just sit and drink.&nbsp; When cooking, be with the food.&nbsp; Before turning on music or a podcast,&nbsp;&nbsp; pause. Smell the garlic. Listen to the&nbsp; rhythm of the knife. Stir slowly. Let the&nbsp;&nbsp; process itself calm you — not just the result. Even cleaning can feel grounding when done with&nbsp;&nbsp; attention. While washing dishes, notice the&nbsp; temperature of the water, the weight of each&nbsp;&nbsp; plate, the motion of your hands. When you&nbsp; sweep the floor, match your breath to the&nbsp;&nbsp; movement. Let it become a rhythm, not a rush. Transitions can become pauses too. Before moving&nbsp;&nbsp; from one task to the next, take a breath. Let&nbsp; one thing end fully before beginning another.&nbsp;&nbsp; It only takes a moment, but that&nbsp; moment can shift the pace of your day.&nbsp; If you're not sure this really makes a&nbsp; difference, try this small comparison:&nbsp; Rushed version: You boil water while checking&nbsp; messages. You drink fast. You barely taste it.&nbsp;&nbsp; You move on. Ten minutes gone. Nothing felt. Ritual version: You wait. You listen. You hold.&nbsp;&nbsp; You sip. For two minutes, you’re fully there. Your&nbsp; breath slows. Your mind softens. You move into the&nbsp;&nbsp; next thing less tense. Now ask yourself:&nbsp; Which kind of day would I rather&nbsp; live — not once, but 300 times?&nbsp; When this habit settles into you,you stop&nbsp; waiting for weekends or vacations to feel alive.&nbsp; You stop postponing peace. You start finding it — in the sink, the stove,&nbsp;&nbsp; the kettle, the broom… Everywhere around you. Taoism reminds us: life isn’t somewhere else.&nbsp; It’s here, in the ordinary. Always has been.&nbsp; We just have to stop rushing&nbsp; long enough to feel it. 4. Follow Your Breath During the Day Lao Tzu once wrote “Returning is the motion&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Tao. Yielding is the way of the Tao.” Sometimes, in the middle of the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll notice you’re not really here. Your&nbsp; mind is scattered. Your body feels tense.&nbsp;&nbsp; You’re lost in thought or pulled in different&nbsp; directions. That’s the moment to come back to&nbsp;&nbsp; something that’s always with you: your breath. You don’t have to force it or fix it. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; notice it. Inhale… exhale. That quiet rise and&nbsp; fall. Feel the air move in and out. That’s all.&nbsp; The Taoists saw the breath as more than just&nbsp; oxygen. They called it the rhythm of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Tao inside you. A subtle tide — always flowing,&nbsp; always present. So when you return to your breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re not just calming yourself… you’re coming&nbsp; home. Back into the flow. Back into presence.&nbsp; You can do this anytime — standing in line,&nbsp; stuck in traffic, walking to your next meeting.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even in the middle of a conversation, you can&nbsp; quietly tune in to your breath. As you breathe&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll feel your shoulders softening, your jaw&nbsp; unclenching, and your thoughts slowing down.&nbsp; Taoism teaches: you don’t need to&nbsp; escape the world to feel peace. You&nbsp;&nbsp; just need to return to what’s already&nbsp; here. And your breath is always here. 5. Spend Time in Nature To quote Lao Tzu “Be still&nbsp;&nbsp; like a mountain and flow like a great river”. One of the simplest ways to reconnect with the&nbsp;&nbsp; Tao is to step outside. Taoism teaches&nbsp; that nature is not separate from us;&nbsp;&nbsp; it is us. The trees, the rivers, the wind, the&nbsp; sky — they move in harmony without force. They&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t rush or overthink. They just are. And when&nbsp; you spend time in nature, even for a few minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; you begin to remember that same rhythm. You don’t need a forest or a mountain.&nbsp;&nbsp; It can be as simple as standing barefoot&nbsp; on grass, sitting quietly under a tree,&nbsp;&nbsp; or watching clouds drift across the sky. You’re&nbsp; not trying to do anything. You’re just letting&nbsp;&nbsp; the natural world hold you — letting its&nbsp; calm, unhurried presence soften your mind.&nbsp; Most of us spend our days surrounded by&nbsp; screens, noise, traffic, and pressure.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s easy to lose touch with the part&nbsp; of us that feels whole without needing&nbsp;&nbsp; to prove or perform. But nature doesn’t&nbsp; ask anything of you. It doesn't judge.&nbsp;&nbsp; It simply invites you to slow down,&nbsp; to listen, to breathe — to return.&nbsp; When you sit with a tree, you’re reminded that&nbsp; growth takes time and doesn’t need to be loud.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you watch the clouds, you see how&nbsp; thoughts and emotions can come and go,&nbsp;&nbsp; without needing to hold on to them. When&nbsp; you walk by a stream or feel the wind,&nbsp;&nbsp; you begin to understand what it means to flow —&nbsp; to move through life with less struggle or effort.&nbsp; The Tao is always showing itself through nature.&nbsp; Through the changing seasons, through sunlight&nbsp;&nbsp; and rain, through stillness and movement. It&nbsp; teaches balance without ever speaking a word.&nbsp; Spending time in nature is not a luxury —&nbsp; it’s a return. A quiet way of remembering&nbsp;&nbsp; who you are beneath the noise. Even a few&nbsp; minutes a day is enough. Let the sky remind&nbsp;&nbsp; you to open up. Let the ground remind you to&nbsp; stay rooted. Let the trees teach you patience.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don’t have to figure everything out. You just&nbsp; have to be present. Nature takes care of the rest. 6. Let Go of the Need to Control Lao Tzu considers that “Life is a&nbsp;&nbsp; series of natural and spontaneous&nbsp; changes. Don’t resist them — that&nbsp;&nbsp; only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality.” There’s a quiet tension many of us carry — the&nbsp;&nbsp; need to control everything. We want things to go&nbsp; as planned. We want people to act how we expect.&nbsp;&nbsp; We want life to follow the picture we’ve&nbsp; made in our heads. But life doesn’t always&nbsp;&nbsp; listen. And when things go differently,&nbsp; we feel anxious, upset, even helpless.&nbsp; But what if real strength isn’t about&nbsp; control? What if it’s about letting go?&nbsp; Taoism teaches us to put our trust in life.&nbsp; Think of a river. It doesn’t move in straight&nbsp;&nbsp; lines. It curves, it flows fast, it slows&nbsp; down. Sometimes it even overflows. If you&nbsp;&nbsp; try to force the river to go your way, you’ll&nbsp; wear yourself out. But if you move with it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you find a different kind of power —&nbsp; the strength to bend without breaking.&nbsp; Letting go starts in small moments. A plan&nbsp; changes. Someone lets you down. Something doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; go how you thought it would. Pause. Take a deep&nbsp; breath. Notice how your body wants to tense up,&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix things, to hold tight. And instead,&nbsp; say softly to yourself: “Let it flow.”&nbsp; It’s not always easy. Many of us were taught that&nbsp; being in control means being safe. But this need&nbsp;&nbsp; to control often comes from fear — fear of the&nbsp; unknown, fear of failure, fear of getting hurt.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we try to plan everything, avoid all mistakes,&nbsp; and protect ourselves from anything uncertain.&nbsp; But the truth is — most things are not in&nbsp; our control. The weather. Other people.&nbsp;&nbsp; The past. Even many of our own thoughts and&nbsp; feelings. Life is too big to micromanage.&nbsp; But what is in our hands is how we respond… We can tense up and fight every change,&nbsp;&nbsp; or we can pause, breathe, and move with it. When we start letting go, something shifts.&nbsp;&nbsp; We stop being thrown off by every delay or&nbsp; mistake. Life still brings ups and downs,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we stop adding our own stress to it and we&nbsp; will start to trust that life doesn’t have to go&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly as we imagined for us to be okay. Like bamboo in the wind — we bend,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we don’t break. We stay rooted, even&nbsp; as we move with whatever the moment brings. 7. End the Day in Release In our final quote from Lao&nbsp;&nbsp; Tzu for this video, he says “To hold,&nbsp; you must first open your hand. Let go”&nbsp; Before sleep, just sit quietly&nbsp; and ask yourself gently:&nbsp; What did I resist today? Where did I flow?&nbsp; What can I let go of now? No need to overthink. Let&nbsp;&nbsp; the answers rise naturally. Maybe you&nbsp; held onto stress in a conversation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you went with the flow when things didn’t go&nbsp; your way. Maybe there’s a grudge, an expectation,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a thought that’s still clinging. As you breathe out, imagine releasing it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not pushing it away, just loosening your grip.&nbsp; Like leaves floating downstream — let it go.&nbsp; In Taoism, life is not a straight&nbsp; line. It’s a cycle — effort and rest,&nbsp;&nbsp; doing and being, light and dark.&nbsp; Just as the day fades into night,&nbsp;&nbsp; we too must let go of the day to&nbsp; make space for what comes next.&nbsp; Most of us carry our days into our sleep.&nbsp; Our minds keep spinning, replaying moments,&nbsp;&nbsp; clinging to what we should’ve said or done. But&nbsp; reflection is not rumination — it’s awareness.&nbsp;&nbsp; And release is not forgetfulness — it’s trust. This small ritual helps us return to balance.&nbsp;&nbsp; It tells the body: "You’ve done enough." It tells&nbsp; the heart: "You are safe to rest." And it tells&nbsp;&nbsp; the mind: "You don’t have to hold everything." The Tao flows best through emptiness — and when&nbsp;&nbsp; we clear the clutter of the day, we make room&nbsp; for something wiser, calmer, and more alive to&nbsp;&nbsp; return tomorrow. Let the day go. Trust that&nbsp; life continues to flow — even as you sleep.&nbsp; If you enjoyed this video, please make&nbsp; sure to check out our full philosophies&nbsp;&nbsp; for life playlist and for more videos to&nbsp; help you find success and happiness using&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful philosophical wisdom, don’t forget&nbsp; to subscribe. Thanks so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhilosophiesforLife [6 likes]: To become a channel member, click on this link - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp1mRTkVlqDnxz_9S0YD9YQ/join
Thank your for your support 😀
  2. @OldManConfessions0205 [1 likes]: I'm definitely going to try "Beginning the Day in Stillness" tomorrow morning. Such simple but profound wisdom from Lao Tzu! Act without struggle is easier said than done, but it’s a wonderful goal. Looking forward to incorporating more nature time into my routine.
  3. @poornasalim2490: ❤
  4. @JohnWeaver81: Thank you for the video, so far it's very insightful x
  5. @StoicPowerMethod: These habits sound life-changing!
  6. @edwardhanson3664: Turn every action into a meditation, being mindful of all senses.
  7. @StoicPowerMethod: These habits sound life-changing!
  8. @nolliefliphacksforgoodpeac5148: The problems we have 2day were taught #its_not_personal
  9. @pramothroy7723: God Lao Tzu is My Heart ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @michaelbechinger131: Thanks for the video
  11. @doktabob328: Taoism has its origins in cannabis use.
If you are seriously interested in Taoism, that’s an important context to be aware of.
  12. @QuietMindPeacefulLife: "This incredible video beautifully breaks down the profound wisdom of Lao Tzu and Taoism into practical, everyday habits! 🌿✨ The calming insights on "Wu Wei" (effortless action) and embracing the natural flow of life are truly life-changing. 💧 I love how it gently reminds us to find inner peace by letting go of control, breathing mindfully, and connecting deeply with nature. 🍃 It is a soul-soothing guide that perfectly teaches us how to slow down and appreciate the present. 🧘‍♂ Absolutely inspiring! 🌟"
  13. @shewbtoob: Get this AI slop art outta here bro take your own advice
  14. @PeMa-k5n: Great. Thanks for that❤
  15. @YoungJ78: The only desire I really feel now is the need to comment on every post I enjoy lol life feels so peaceful now and I'm just realizing now how my attitude towards life's has really changed. I just accept things for what they are and it's really noticeable alongside my gf because she's the polar opposite of me, she feels the need to control everything and is always dissatisfied with any new thing she tries out. I see us as the yin yang. When I first embarked on this path I would constantly get annoyed when my gf complained about everything but one night I pictured a yin yang and realized that in order for me to find true peace and compassion within myself, I must also learn to love all of my gf's faults. She's a hard headed girl so she absolutely refuses to find peace in her life and I am not one to impose my will onto her so this was the way I found. I also found it crazy how I did a whole shift in such short amount of time. I used to stress out over everything and a lil over a month ago I found out about Buddhism, then about Alan Watts, and putting all thqt wisdom into pracfice has made such a big change in such short amount of time.
  16. @sindhuramamoorthy5837: I'm addicted to dopamine. This helps.
  17. @TerezaPriede: Lovely, thank you
  18. @ElioSimoni: El equilibrio es la armonia de las cosas 😊
  19. @bajuszpal172: es, but some contact with the God is also needed. Paul.70
  20. @Musselchee: Unwittingly, and very slowly, my natural rhythm is drawing forth. It began in August 2017. At a meditation session, I captured what my therapist said was 'pure energy.' She explained that scientists believe pure energy is in everything. Every object including inanimate objects. I'd seen what began as a small, mercurial dark spot at the bottom right corner of my right eye on an otherwise bloodred canvas. The spot was wobbling like jelly. I became aware that it was very slowly, minutely growing in size. However, my vision was straight ahead. To me, the spot looked more interesting. It drew my entire attention, behaving as it was in the corner of my eye on a sea of red carpet. But, when I shifted both my eyes toward it, it kept it position and moved as I moved my vision to it. As I angled my eyes toward it, it moved away in proportion and direction to my attempt to have a better view of it. But, it slowly began to dip below my eyelid, and out of sight. Woah. I didn't want to lose it. So I tracked my eyes 180 degrees. And, what was now becoming a blob reappeared. To centralise it, I kept my vision to the top left hand corner.  From that corner, the blob was growing bigger and becoming more mercurial. From the corner I watched it growing bigger, mixing with the red background for the centre of it to lighten colour and become a lighter shade of grey whilst maintaining a two tone dark edge, all the while getting bigger, until the red was entirely replaced, and I was staring straight at it with both eyes. I was being drawn further and further in, or rather engulfed by what started as a dark mercurial spot. By this time, the spot wasn't a spot anymore, nor was it dark. And, it was bigger than me, and still growing. As if I was floating through space or I was miniturising, I found that I was now inside what started as a dark spot, that continued to grow or I was getting smaller. The grey began to separate into chunks, lots of them, bordered by lightning, and looking now like individual cells with a single black spot. And, still, I kept moving forward but my legs weren't moving. I was now being drawn toward a single cell, that, all the while kept coming or growing. I stared on in amazement and wonder. I was being drawn to the single black spot within a single grey cell, as the other cells with their lightning borders floated by high overhead. The black spot grew bigger and morphed into a ball of bright, white evanescent energy, small at first but growing or getting closer. And as it drew closer, its brightness began to hurt my eyes. I had to avert my eyes. I looked toward the edge. It was flickering like lightning with hues of orange,  yellows, and blue flame. The edge began to move over me. By the time it got to me the lightning edges formed a circle starting high above and around me. In so doing, I removed my view back some paces because my sight was now filled with a brilliant bright light that was becoming painful to my eyes. In stepping back, I saw a dark profile of myself from behind, standing straight, on a dark ground, in front of a sphere of brilliant light with an edge that was flickering with tiny licks of orange, yellow, and sky blue spear heads of flames, that was drawing me closer in that I had to bend slightly backwards to see the edge directly above me, so that I was becoming a dwindling speck standing directly in front of a sphere of energy that was whiter than a full moon and brighter than our sun. It was at that moment that the spell suddenly broke. I found myself in darkness. I tried desperately to retrace the energy back, but, it had gone. I could only get back a fading dim likeness. I felt a moment of sadness at the passing of the experience. Two weeks later, my therapist shed light, pun intended, on my experience. An experience not many people get. I can now say that I know what pure energy is. 
Since then, elusive clarity has entered my thoughts. What used to bother me before, now doesn't.

- Taoism Explained: Kind: captions Language: en-GB This video is sponsored by CuriosityStream. Get access to my streaming video service, Nebula, when you sign up for CuriosityStream using the link in the description. Intro “Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.” “A Journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step” These wise phrases, which you've no doubt heard before are over 2000 years old. They come from Laozi's Daodejing. What many consider to be the founding document of Daoism. This organised religious tradition is known for it's care for nature, peace, and going with the flow. But what exactly is Daoism? What do Yin, Yang, and Qi mean, and what does it have to do with Obi-Wan Kenobi? Well Let’s Find Out. Daoism or Taoism? First of all....is it Daoism or Taoism? Well, Chinese is a complicated language to translate to English. So the reason there is 2 Daoisms is because of two different systems attempting to write Chinese in the Latin alphabet. The Wade–Giles system, which spells Dao with a T, was popular during the 19th and 20th centuries. But the Chinese never liked the system and so developed Hanyu Pinyin, the system that gave us the D, in the 1950s. This is why Tao is now Dao. But many American publications still use the old Wade-Giles system so you'll still see Tao and Taoism around. Either way, with a T or with a D it’s pronounced Dao. Overview Daoism is an indiginous Chinese religion. But it isn't the religion of China. China has 3 major religious traditions, Daoism, Confucianism, and Buddhism. Most Chinese people practice all three. Apart from priests, Chinese people rarely identify with only one religion. History Daoism first appears during an incredible time in Chinese history. The Warring States Period. A Period were states eh….warred from the 5th to the 3rd century BCE. During this period multiple philosophers, such as Confucius, put forward ideas on how to control people, armies, and states. But one philosopher stood on the sidelines and laughed at the idea that humans could even begin to know the correct way to do things, when our minds and perspectives were so small. This was Wise old grey bearded Laozi or the Old Master. His book the Daodejing along with Zhuangzi's book…. the Zhuangzi…. spoke of a universal force known as the Dao. What is a Dao? Well. Dao "Something unformed and complete Before heaven and Earth were born, Solitary and silent, Stands alone and unchanging. Pervading all things without limit. It is like the mother of all things under heaven, But I don't know its name - Better call it Dao. Better call it great." - Daodejing Chapter Ok, I guess you've assumed that Daoism has to do with the Dao. It does, but Dao isn’t a God and Daoists don’t worship the Dao. Dao simply means “the Way”. The word for “avenue” in Chinese is dà dào (“wide way”) for example. But in Daoism the word is a tad more mystical. The first line of the Daodejing makes it clear that the Dao cannot be fully understood. “The Dao that can be told of is not the eternal Dao; The name that can be named is not the eternal name.” For Laozi it’s impossible to explain the Dao in words and only a complete and utter idiot would think they could explain it. So let me explain. The Dao is the flow of the universe. It is the source of reality. It’s infinite yet empty yet complete and it creates and directs the endlessly diverse universe. Or in the words of Obi-Wan Kenobi. “It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together” But the Dao was never created. It exists by itself and of itself. The universe was born from the Dao. But the Dao has no interest in it. It doesn’t create for a reason, it simply creates and constantly transforms. Any idea that the universe cares about humans comes only from our own human-centeredness. But even though the Dao is unknowable, it has an order which can be recognized in nature. This kind of order is called li, a word which meant the markings in jade or the grain in wood. Li kind of means organic order. The random yet perfect patterns of flowing water, the shapes of trees and clouds and snowflakes. It is by observing li, that we can see the workings of the Dao. Laozi and Zhaungzi point out that because the Dao lies at the root of all existence, the universe takes care of itself perfectly well, of its own accord. Sun goes up, sun goes down, Tide goes in, tide goes out. Never a miscommunication. The rhythm of life which rises from the earth, grows, matures, decays and eventually returns to the Earth. It all happens without force or orders or effort. Change is the only constant, but this change is regular, recognisable and fundamentally good. That is Dao, or at least how I understand it. Laozi and Zhaungzi make it very clear that the Dao cannot be expressed in words. And this is an important part of Daoism. Language is limited and based on our human perspectives, which are narrow. Language puts ideas into boxes. But you can’t put the Dao in a box in the same way you can’t put a river in a bucket. The aim of Daoism then is to help people feel the Dao, to see it in nature, and to be able to move in harmony with it. And one way to do that is through Wu-Wei. Wu Wei In its most basic sense, wu-wei means “not doing,” or “not acting,”. Laozi confusingly talks about wei wu-wei, about doing the non-doing, which means that doing nothing requires the doer to do something. One interpretation is that to “wei” is to act based on social or personal expectations. To do things because you think that’s what you're supposed to do. To act within a rigid mindset. Since the universe is always changing if you try to navigate it with an unchanging mindset you're going to have a bad time. Wu-wei is acting but acting without intent. So rather than “not doing” it kind of means “not forcing”. Not swimming against the stream of the Dao. So wu-wei isn’t doing nothing. Think of Japanese judo where an opponent is defeated not by brute strength, but by using the movement of their own force against them. One of the recurring metaphors for the Dao in the Daodejing is p’u, or “uncarved wood.” This uncarved wood captures what is so difficult to describe about the Dao. Its simplicity and naturalness, its lack of specific features, and its creative potential. Uncarved wood can be anything but it can only be anything because it hasn't been carved up. Daoists say that humans have been carved up by language, forced morality, and selfishness. They’ve been processed from a humble raw material with infinite potential into a product sculpted by their environment. The only way to move with the Dao is to get yourself out of rigid, inflexible perspectives. To stop thinking of yourself as separate from nature and its process, from thinking that you stand outside the stream and can dictate which way it will flow. You're in the stream, you can either row against it or sail along it. Texts The Daodejing and Zhuangzi are considered by many non-Daoists to be the two most important books in Daoism. The Daodejing is a series of short poetic statements about the Way (dao) and its Power (de). It's very short. You can read this book in an afternoon. But it’ll be a fairly confusing afternoon. Some of its sayings, such as ‘The journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step’ are fairly easy to understand. Others like "Good knots have no rope But cannot be untied." and “Govern big countries Like you cook a little fish.” are a bit tricker. The Daodejing, like many texts at the time, was written to teach a ruler. But Laozi's advice was pretty radical, he said that the best way to rule was to not rule, like wu-wei. To let the world live according to its natural pattern and that would bring about harmony and peace. The Daodejing can be interpreted many different ways. Which is why it's been translated into English more than any other book except the Bible. And it’s fully made its way into pop culture. You can now learn the Dao of meow, dating, network security monitoring, horses, banjo, and even Bill Murray! Next to Laozi, no other Daoist commands more attention than Zhuangzi. Whereas the Daodejing was written to teach rulers, the Zhuangzi is aimed more at ordinary people. In the Zhuangzi the wise person is someone completely untroubled with regular concerns like politics and money. They skip over life's obstacles without worries. Zhaungzi constantly lets us know that our perceptions are unreliable. How we see life and death, good and bad, beautiful and ugly depend on our life experiences and what we or our culture value. But these are artificial constructs that hurt spontaneity and happiness. Zhuangzi compares life to when a drunken man falls from a carriage. He has no idea what's going on, doesn't know he's falling, and so unworried and relaxed, he bounces off the ground and gets up from his fall unharmed. Where a sober person who stiffens up upon falling would have broken several bones. Because the Daodejing and the Zhuangzi are easily the best known Daoist texts outside of China, people imagine that they are also the most important Daoist texts. But they are not! There are thousands of Daoists text, they’re just mostly unknown. When was the last time you heard of the The Code of Nu-qing for Controlling Demons Which lists 36,000 demons who can be warded off by knowing their names. Or Poems Made While Beating the Ground (1012-1077) Which includes a series of 135 poems each one of which begins and ends with the line: ‘Yao Fu does not write poems merely for fun.’ Or my favourite Daoist text, because it’s apparently named after the Youtube comment section…. The Forest of Opinions by Ma Yung (c.787) Daoists don't only read the Daodejing and Zhuangzi. They function as ingredients, not “gospel” in the complicated stew of Daoism. All the recognized Daoist scriptures are assembled in a massive collection called the Daoist Canon (Dao-tsang). Which contains about 1,500 texts. There is so much information in these texts that Tou yuyu discovered a cure for malaria in the Daoist Medical Text called Emergency Prescriptions Kept Up One's Sleeve, and she won a nobel prize for it. Yin and Yang The Daoists see an order in the world. Things grow from the Earth, mature, age, die, and return to the Earth in a recognizable pattern. The name for this pattern is yin and yang. To understand the meaning of Yin and Yang in Daoism let’s look at its original meaning. Which was the shady and sunny sides of a hill. The shady and the sunny sides of the hill are always changing: the side that is in the sun in the morning will be in the shade in the afternoon and vice versa, and this goes to show how nothing in the world ever stays the same and the cycle goes on forever. The shady side isn't better than the sunny side, neither is preferable and neither can exist without the other. Something can be yin until it reaches peak yin. Then transitions into yang and vice versa. So there can be no growth without decline, no joy without sadness, and no life without death. Qi Much like yin and yang the word qi has worked its way into pop culture. What is qi? In modern Chinese, the word means “air”. The Chinese term for balloon is a “qi-ball,” for example. But just like the Dao, in Daoist thought qi is more complicated than its original meaning. Qi refers to the stuff or the energy that makes up and connects the universe. Solids, liquids, gases are all composed of qi, but so are less material things like energy, thoughts, or willpower. Qi flows through your body. When the qi is flowing you stay alive. When the qi stops moving you die. Everyone gets a certain amount of qi at birth and uses it throughout life. By cultivating good qi, through breathing exercises, diet, and meditation, you can live longer and better connect with the Dao. Daoists see the heavens, the earth, and the body as reflections of each other. So a stimulus in one area will ripple into all other areas. We’re all interrelated parts of one organic network and qi connects this network, it’s like the internet but for all of reality! Daoist belief has just as much to do with ritual and faith as it does with physical exercise, forms of meditation, and diet. This is why breathing and physical exercises have become the face of Daoism. Taiji is probably the main thing non-Chinese people associate with Daoism. So let’s have a look at it. It’s full name is T’ai-chi Ch’üan. It means The Boxing of the Great Ultimate. It’s an “inner boxing”, one that focuses on the internal circulation of qi rather than brute strength. The philosophy of taiji is not to resist an incoming force, but to meet it with softness until the incoming force exhausts itself or can be safely redirected. Non-combat taiji, the one you see elderly people doing in parks is a slowed down version. It stimulates blood circulation, relaxation, and helps qi flow more freely through the body. Taiji is considered a great exercise for those with low mobility. Gods and Goddesses While Laozi is usually credited as the founder of Daoism. The person who most deserves the title is Zhang-Daoling. In 142CE he received a revelation from The Most Elevated Lord Lao, the god version of Laozi. Lord Lao revealed to Zhang that the heaven’s were organised in a Celestial Bureaucracy. Like it says in the Daodejing, the Earth is a reflection of the heavens, so if there is bureaucracy on Earth it’s because there was already one in heaven. Zhang and his followers were given special access to a network of celestial bureaucrats who controlled the fates of people in this world and the next. So for example, if you had a family member that you were afraid might not get into heaven you could contact your local Daoist priest, they would do a ritual, and kind of state your case to the relevant celestial bureaucrat. The group Zhang founded was called the Way Of The Celestial Masters, and Zhang served as the first Celestial Master. While Laozi and Zhaungzi wrote centuries before this group appeared this was the first time a group of organised people had got together and consciously did Daoism. Many of the features you associate with organised religion like gods, priests, sacred texts, and rituals show up first in Daoism with the Way Of The Celestial Masters. The Way of The Celestial Masters didn’t last but their ideas influenced all future Daoist groups. Many people believe Daoism is a religion without Gods. That isn’t true. While the Daodejing does not mention Gods, Daoism is filled with them. Chinese religion in general has always included many gods, local deities, spirits, ghosts, and other beings. Local deities fulfill particular purposes like helping with rain and agriculture and they would occupy specific places in the world. Rural villages would often have their own gods, and families might honour the kitchen gods in their homes. Most deities were once people, who earned God status. So ordinary humans can ascend to godhood or immortality. Like Laozi who is now Lord Lao and is seen as almost an incarnation of the Dao itself. So, which of these deities are the most important in Daoist lives? Well the top Gods are probably, the Three Pure Ones (one of which is the deified Lao Tzu), the Jade Emperor, and the Eight Immortals. You may be imagining that they get the most attention, but actually no. Think of it like this: Whenever you need something from the government like getting a driver’s licence you don’t call the Prime Minister. Instead, you call the relevant government department for your particular problem. The Celestial Government works the same way. If you're having a problem with demons you'll do an offering to this guy, if you're having marriage problems then you'll be looking for this fella to help out, and if you want help in an exam this nerd would be your best bet. So those are the basics of Daoism. You might still be confused, and you should be. This is a very complicated religion and is inherently difficult to understand. Remember "The Dao that can be told of is not the eternal Dao ". This video isn't even close to covering everything. It would take much longer than 20 minutes to explain a religion. Which is why we put an exclusive commentary on what we left out over on Patreon and Nebula. Podcast Soundbite: Ok and now for the final part of the commentary, the part we're most excited amount, The Galactic Wonton Of Creation. THE WONTON OF CHAOS! Cogito and a bunch of our creator friends created our own platform where we don't have to worry about demonetization or the algorithm. This platform is called Nebula and we're excited to be partnering with CuriosityStream. Nebula is a place where some of your favourite creators can put up content without having to worry about the odd restrictions that come with Youtube. You can watch our content there ad free and creators can experiment there with all kinds of new content. If you liked this video then you'd love the extended commentary we have about it up on Nebula, it's over twice as long and goes into much more detail. You can also watch this video without this ad! Nebula features some of the best educational creators on Youtube. There you'll find Suibhne, Wendover Productions, and Ladyknightthebrave among many others. Nebula opens up a whole new world of possibilities for creators to create and collaborate in ways we couldn't before. Take for example Tom Scott's new game show money. Where he torments some Youtubers for fun and profit! Or Real Engineering’s Logistics of D-Day series, a high quality ww2 docu series that couldn't survive on Youtube. But what does Curiositystream have to do with this? Well as the internet's best place to find high quality documentaries they love education and educational creators. And in order to support us they've created a deal where if you follow the link in the description you'll get access not only to Curiositystream but Nebula too. For free! And it's not a trial or anything like that. As long as you're a Curiositystream member you'll get Nebula. And right now for a limited time Curiositystream is offering Cogito viewers 26% their annual subscription. That's less than $15 a year for both CuriosityStream and Nebula. So you can watch Nebula originals from Tom Scott, Real Engineering, and Lindsay Ellis along with geniuses like David Attenbourgh and Stephen Hawking. I've been watching The History of Food and I love it. So click the link below to get 26% of an annual Curiositystream subscription along with free access to Nebula or you can just go to curiositystream.com/cogito. Doing that will not only help out this channel but it also directly supports the broader educational community and you get to listen to David Attenbourgh's soothing voice for less than $15 a year. So head to curiositystream.com/cogito to get 26% off and start enjoying Curiositystream and Nebula today. I hope you enjoyed this video. Let me know what you thought about it in the comments below? What are your main takeaways from Daoism? You can find all the sources used in the description. If you are interested in supporting the channel, there are links for Patreon and my t-shirt store also in the description. My Patrons also get access to these videos early along with the extended commentary from the team. Thanks a lot for watching, we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CogitoEdu [196 likes]: Sign up for an annual CuriosityStream subscription with 26% off and you'll also get free access to Nebula (a new streaming platform I'm helping to build along with other creators). https://curiositystream.com/cogito
What do you think of Daoism? What religion do you want us to cover next? Let us know!
  2. @robbicox3850 [1 likes]: I love how bro literally calls himself an idiot in the most Dao way possible. Kudos.😂😂😂
  3. @InsightsAbroad: Its Daoism
  4. @emlostone1: I had the TAO of Pooh
  5. @Icarus-81: Let go or be dragged.
  6. @ejgaming3401: dao of inaction
  7. @doktabob328: Taoism has its origins in cannabis use.
If you are seriously interested in Taoism, that’s an important context to be aware of.
  8. @Yentran-ll7wt: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  9. @jm5173: Wade-Giles transcription is awful. How can you take language that has a lot of homophones, small amout of sounds and mix T and D sounds or C and Z (tsu/zi). This is the Anglo centrum at its finest. They couldnt pronounce proper Chinese so they made up sounds to make them more english sounding.
  10. @SosukeMorningstar: I just converted to Taoism last Night. Best decision ever.
  11. @michaelholman8056: Lao tzu Daoism: genuine philosophy

Zhang Daoling Daoism: how can we make money with this?
  12. @jgjerven: Taichi  is a way to understand taoism dao
  13. @Gau.: I asked chatgpt to keep limited religions in a hypothetical world of coexistence and it replied with Buddhism , Hinduism, toaism and stoic systems thus am here to get some flavor of each.
  14. @pagado6076: Ah that explains the ending of GT pretty well.
  15. @atomicdynamite1631: "People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day." -Winnie the Pooh
  16. @Mind_Gainz: I had to chuckle when you said ‘Only a complete and utter idiot would attempt to explain it’
Then followed with…
‘Let me explain’ 😂

Im not sure if it was a conscious thing, and I dont mean offence, 
Im takimg out of context what was said, but that was funny.
Thanks for the vid, very informative! Peace.
  17. @TurtlethePriest: I have only listened to half so far, but some bit of confusion for me. When describing the Dao, it sounds like an observation of the laws of physics. The universe just operating how it does and seems in balance. However, when it comes to human action or thought, it does not make sense it can be against this order or way. If the way is fundamental, how can it be resisted or rejected? 
It seems to lead to absurdity either way.

If it cannot be resisted or rejected, then it simply is, and the ideas of accepting or rejecting are meaningless.

If it can be resisted or rejected, then it is a prescription for how to be, which does not seem to be what you sre describing.

Maybe I am missing some essential understanding here？
  18. @StimParavane: The Yin and Yang symbol should have had the white side at the top.
  19. @wastelandbeautyofficial: 5:38 you can’t put a river in a bucket, but you can put a bucket in a river. depending on how heavy the bucket becomes (how much impact it has) it’ll either float or sink. language isn’t our only understanding of expression, yet you can experiment with it, put it out there, and see what happens… our psyche which effects our mannerisms is essential in understanding mortality but also understanding how immortality of the universe is nearly impossible to contradict. hard to explain what i mean by that, basically imagine you’re running a race, the race eventually ends but your steps continue and your endurance continues to build. such could be said for humanity as a whole.
  20. @ErbsenHirne: 06:15