- WARNING Do NOT take Ozempic or Mounjaro until you watch this: Kind: captions Language: en for the most part glp-1 Agonist drugs that are used for type 2 diabetes and weight loss things like ozempic wigovi and Manjaro these are incredible drugs and I'm seeing great things happen to my patients who are overweight or obese or have type 2 diabetes and amazing to see how these drugs just they just make an incredible impact in people's lives all you have to do is watch some Tick Tock videos to see some people losing 60 to 100 pounds with these drugs and how much this exponentially improved their happiness and self-confidence now overall they do a great job of causing people to not only lose weight mostly by reducing cravings and they're overall very very safe they even improve insulin resistance they lower blood pressure they lower cholesterol lower triglycerides they reduce inflammation and they protect against heart disease not to mention many women with polycystic ovarian syndrome PCOS experiencing improvement with these drugs now the biggest issue that most people have with them is the cost since most insurance plans don't cover them people usually have to pay out of pocket which costs on average fifteen hundred dollars per month depending on which drug you're talking about which is basically the cost of renting a two-bedroom apartment so most people they can't afford that but there is an alternative way of getting these drugs at a much lower cost as long as you know how to navigate this wild west detour and when I say Wild West detour I'm referring to getting these drugs from a compounding pharmacy most people don't understand what a compounding pharmacy is or what it does so let's talk about that especially because people can run into a lot of danger if they let's say they click on a link that brings them to a telemedicine company and the next thing you know they're doing a brief telemedicine video consultation with most likely a physician assistant or a nurse practitioner that they've met before who then prescribes them this weight loss drug that comes from a compounding pharmacy next thing you know within a few days they have this prescription drug sitting at their doorstep they open up the box and it's a vial that's filled with a liquid containing the drug some magnetide also known as ozempic also known as vigoving or in some cases they're getting terzapati which is also known as Manjaro so they open up the box and they find the syringes and the needles in there they then put the needle into the bottle into that vial they draw up the liquid with that syringe and that that liquid drug goes into the syringe they then inject it into their body anywhere where there's fat they can inject it so typically it's belly fat into the shoulders or even the butt or the thighs that's where it can be injected in fact if you don't have any fat on your body to inject it that's a sign that you shouldn't be taking this drug so is there anything wrong with this well it depends you see in this quest for people to get their hands on these drugs some patients are seeking out Telehealth platforms medical spas and compounding pharmacies for some are talenting as generic versions of these drugs but the company that makes somaglitide the company that makes ozepik is Novo Nordisk and they do not sell some magnetite for compounding purposes in the generic form of the drug approved by the FDA doesn't exist there are roughly 7 500 compounding pharmacies in the United States so compounding involves mixing and altering drugs basically customizing them for patients for their specific needs for example someone who is allergic to an ingredient in that medication might require a reformulated version another example is if someone let's say needs a very specific dose of a medication often is the case with chemotherapy well the compounding pharmacy will modify the dose perfectly tailored for what that patient needs compounding pharmacies have been doing this long before ozempic in Manjaro came out because the FDA currently lists ozempic and Manjaro as currently in shortage that means compounding pharmacies are allowed to buy these drugs from pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturers and then compounded into an injectable medication that they dispense so they typically with these compounding pharmacies will do is they typically also mix it with vitamin B6 or vitamin B12 or a metabolic compound called L-Carnitine which limited research has shown May contribute towards weight loss but when it comes to vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 and totally that might actually reduce the side effects of nausea and vomiting all of this is perfectly legal so long as the FDA lists these drugs as currently being in shortage which as of right now at the time of the making of this video is the case but some and I want to emphasize some not all compound and pharmacies are Distributing a different active ingredient altogether called somaglatide sodium which is the salt form of somaglitide now in recent weeks Regulators have raised concerns about some magnetized sodium which is sometimes sold as a research chemical some magnetized sodium does not appear to meet standards for compounding in federal law in part because the substance is not part of any FDA approved medication and because of how widespread it is this is getting the attention of government officials the FDA does not vet compounded medications and is not reviewed approved or tested for safety or Effectiveness the somagneti drugs that compounding pharmacies offer now with that said there are a lot of great compounding pharmacies out there that take great patient care every single day but there's some Bad actors at the end of April of this year the FDA as well as the National Association of boards of Pharmacy they're aware that Compounders might be using salt forms of some aglotide now functionally when some magnetized sodium is dissolved in water the sodium ion it separates from that somaglitide molecule leaving some magnetide and an extremely small amount of sodium but there isn't data that demonstrates whether some magnetized sodium is safe for consumers or even whether it's effective it might be but it might not be we just don't know in their statement they're saying that drug manufacturers have become aware of the practice of using some magnetized salts for compounding and made choose to initiate legal proceedings to combat this practice so Novo Nordic they're now taking action including but not limited to issuing cease and desist letters against entities that are engaging in the unlawful sale of compounded somagotide or disseminating false advertising and infringing on its trademarks some of these compounding pharmacies they're trying to make a buck for sure but compounding pharmacies the good actors they're attempting to fill a void in the market trying to meet a huge demand for many people whether it's for type 2 diabetes or for obesity so if you're going to get these drugs from a compounding pharmacy make sure you get it from a legit one and I'm going to give you four tips on how to do exactly that tip number one is make sure that a real board certified licensed physician who is experienced with these medications is the one who's prescribing it to you tip number two under federal law compounding pharmacies can compound drug products only with active ingredients that that come from facilities that are registered with the FDA so make sure that the compound and Pharmacy is registered with the FDA tip number three in the case of some maglotide make sure you're not getting some magnetized sodium it's just some magnetite so if it's sodium there don't go with that one and finally tip number four my recommendation is to ask this very important question of is the compounding pharmacy licensed to ship sterile compounds to all 50 states because if the answer is yes you can feel much better about the drug that is being shipped to your door now if you're someone who's interested in losing weight in improving your metabolic health and you want a consultation with me I'm going to put a link right here or maybe it's on this side I'm not sure I'm going to put a link right on the screen for you to click on and there there you can actually book the appointment and also if you want to know more about how these drugs actually affect the body and how they work in the body I highly recommend checking out this video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @shelbytouchstone8873 [1 likes]: Monjouro has been a game changer in lowering my A1C. I was on 2.5 for 4 months to 5 two weeks ago. My drug is from Lilly and a real pharmacy.
  2. @SailorSuz [1 likes]: Tell them to avoid that stuff alltogether Dr. Mike.
  3. @dzmalekvali1110: I got plenty fat around to pin 📍...
  4. @dzmalekvali1110: That or give us all food preservatives companies CEO to eliminate...as we getting obese.,...
  5. @MagentaMoon41276: I have fatty liver and sweat like crazy wheb I exert myself .
I need to lose 25kgs . There’s type 2 diabetes in my family which killed my dad at 56 and my grandad who was only 60 .
In Australia it’s supposed to be cheaper . About 280 a month
  6. @welshfire7926: What about long term efforts?
  7. @Nervoussheep69: $1500 a month! In the UK its $200 a month. Thats just heartbreaking to hear!!
  8. @nicoledamato4741: This stuff is nuts. No way. It's poison
  9. @nicoledamato4741: No Thank you
  10. @cj-sp8ed: Spoken like a true MD take this drug and you'll get better
  11. @tracyzenroebuck9232: They are not safe!!!!
  12. @NrmlIsOvr8d: More lip smacking. 
I cantfind contraindications of this meds. Like dont take this, dont intake that while on this. So frustrating smh. Need more answers
  13. @supernerd7093: snake oil
  14. @Kbfw-356: That’s crazy. I’m in Korea and wegovy/mounjaro is $200-250 per month out of pocket 😮
  15. @baldrianpill: Taking Mounjaro ❤
  16. @David-f8e2v: I have diabetes, I have to get my blood sugar down
  17. @JacobBen94: Their bodies changed. Their spirit didn’t.

They look different on the outside, but inside they’re the same person they were when they were overeating, undisciplined, and disconnected.
That emptiness doesn’t disappear just because the fat did.
  18. @WhyIleftNYC: Very safe ? But the black box warning?
  19. @Iroc-0101: I just started on semaglutide $250 a month I got to a medical center that are certified and approved to prescribe the medication.
  20. @WalkbyFaith1977: The FDA isn't safe at all either

- The Best MOUNJARO Alternative (Without the Side Effects) - Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en I recently did a video on of zembic but now I want to do a video on monjero now manjero is a very similar medication apparently in several studies it works a little bit better than ozembic more weight loss less time both these medications were primarily used for regulating blood sugars with diabetes but they also found that it helps you lose weight which makes sense because anything that improves blood sugars will obviously help you lose weight so the first thing I want to say is monjero does create some really interesting effects with weight loss and blood sugars there's no doubt actually it can even improve insulin resistance and decrease your A1C which is an average blood sugar for three months so I'm not going to say that it doesn't work but it's expensive it's like a thousand dollars to thirteen hundred dollars a month and it does come with other side effects other than just being expensive but the big question is what happens when you come off the medication does it actually correct the problem the answer is no you have to keep take taking it for it to work do you end up taking it the rest of your life is it healthy what are the long-term effects well we don't know but the short-term effects are the following nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation gastroparesis which is a situation where your stomach is a bit paralyzed food goes through very very slowly another side effect would be abdominal pain dizziness lethargy low blood sugar as in hypoglycemia various kidney problems like kidney disease could happen as well and even retinopathy which is a problem with your retina let me just kind of touch on that for a second the slow metabolism people that have a slow metabolism actually have a very efficient metabolism probably from dieting in the past you go on some diet and then your body adapts and compensates especially if you go in a lower calorie diet and then becomes more efficient so now it can run on a smaller amount of fuel it doesn't want to waste this energy so it's very conservative so it's like a car that gets a lot of miles per gallon right versus a very inefficient motor which is a gas guzzler so this is really a survival thing that we have in our genetics so anything like fat storage is survival to the body and so anytime you try to lose weight the body will resist it because you're getting rid of this potential survival so when we use a drug to bypass this whole mechanism to try to help you lose weight you really have to understand what's happening to the body internally you're artificially mimicking these two hormones because these drugs act to mimic two different hormones that are in your small intestine one is called glp1 and the other one is called Gip they're drugs that mimic these hormones so my question is is it possible to create this similar effect but without the side effects can you use something more natural is there such a thing as some type of maybe herbal or plant-based Agonist for these two hormones and the answer is yes there is and I put a link down below of the research on that and it's called phytomedicine you're using plants as medicine but the cool thing about it is there's very minimal toxicity and there's all sorts of properties especially things that relate to blood sugar control and many other effects in Plants I mean there's probably about at least 400 different chemicals that can help blood sugars from different angles these two hormones that these drugs are mimicking raise insulin to lower the blood sugar and also reduce the production of glucose from the liver that's called gluconeogenesis and they also affect the digestive system they actually make you feel full they help reduce the appetite so it's going to curb your hunger and help you eat less so my question is number one is there something non-toxic without the side effects and is there something you can do long term to create this same effect to add it as a part of your long-term healthy lifestyle instead of a short-term very expensive drug approach and I forgot to mention lowered stomach acids so when you start lowering your stomach acids that's going to create all sorts of issues with ability to digest protein absorb minerals kill pathogens so there's a whole series of consequences that can happen just from that so I always like to think long term is that the best long-term solution for a person I understand that your metabolism might be very efficient and it's more difficult and this is part of the phytomedicine data so there's four herbs that can create this effect number one berberine number two curcumin number three cinnamon number four panics ginseng now I'm not recommending taking all of these I would just pick one and try it out in addition to two other things I would highly recommend especially if you want to lower your appetite and be able to do something that fits within your lifestyle and that is this the healthy version of the ketogenic diet which is a low carb diet with intermittent fasting that ultimately is a wonderful way to correct problems with your blood sugar and help you lose weight and keep it off now if you want to know how to do healthy keto with intermittent fasting in a very simple video you should watch this one right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [6 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @LarryMSmith-i2n: the "body will resist it" framing is actually really important context that most weight loss content skips. your body genuinely doesnt know the difference between intentional dieting and famine, so of course it fights back. that survival response is why the natural supplement route almost always stalls out after a few weeks.

been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for about 5 months now and honestly understanding this mechanism helped me stop being frustrated when progress slowed. its not failure, its biology. the GLP-1/GIP dual action basically works WITH that resistance rather than just trying to willpower through it.
  3. @KristianjKrueger: the body resistance point is something i didn't fully understand until i was already months into trying to manage my weight naturally. berberine, inositol, apple cider vinegar, the whole list. some of it helped at the margins but my body absolutely fought every pound like it was a survival emergency, exactly what this video is describing.

what actually moved the needle for me was compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends, which works on both GLP-1 and GIP receptors rather than just one. the "natural" supplements i was taking were targeting maybe 10% of that mechanism. once i understood the physiology better i stopped feeling like i was just being lazy when the natural stuff stalled out.
  4. @Rubina-l7n: good breakdown of the mechanism, but worth saying that for people who've already tried keto and IF without results, "natural" alternatives often hit a ceiling. sometimes the insulin resistance is too established. went the compounded tirzepatide route through formblends after stalling hard on berberine for months. different tier entirely.
  5. @Merajkhalid-z3q: good video but i want to push back a little on the "without side effects" framing for the natural alternatives. berberine and intermittent fasting genuinely do help insulin sensitivity, i've tried both, but the appetite regulation piece is a completely different league once you're dealing with real metabolic resistance. i got started on compounded tirzepatide through formblends after months of trying the "natural" route and the difference was not subtle. both approaches have a place, just depends on where someone actually is metabolically.
  6. @MaryRose-j9k5e: honestly the berberine point is the most underrated thing in this video. i tried it for about 3 months before eventually moving to compounded tirz through form blends, but berberine genuinely did something for my blood sugar stability and cravings. would not dismiss it.
  7. @MAHMED-iST: 4 ingredients @4:50 
1. Berbeine
2. Curcumin 
3. Cinamon
4. Panx Ginseng
  8. @DevonWCobb: really appreciate this breakdown. one thing worth adding that most "natural alternative" conversations skip over is that the GLP-1 mechanism itself is what makes tirzepatide different from everything else out there. berberine, inositol, even high-protein dieting all work through completely separate pathways and the appetite regulation piece just doesn't replicate. i tried berberine for about 4 months before going the prescription route, lost maybe 6 lbs, and the food noise never actually quieted down. switched to compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends and by week 6 my relationship with cravings was genuinely different in a way nothing "natural" had touched. that said the point about lifestyle foundations mattering alongside any GLP-1 protocol is real. the people who do best seem to be the ones who use the reduced appetite window to actually build better habits rather than just eating less of the same stuff.
  9. @BethAYoung: this question actually stopped me when i first started researching tirzepatide, because "forever medication" scared me off for months. what i've landed on after going deeper into the research is that obesity is a chronic condition for most people, same as hypertension or hypothyroidism, and nobody asks someone on a blood pressure medication if they plan to take it forever. the stigma framing is different for weight meds but the biology is basically the same argument.

what helped me think through the "natural" angle is understanding what tirzepatide actually does, it supports GIP and GLP-1 signaling that a lot of people genuinely produce less of. i use compounded tirzepatide through form blends and my prescriber was upfront that some people do successfully taper down once they've rebuilt habits and hit a stable weight, but it varies a lot by individual. there's no universal answer here. maintenance dosing at a lower level is a real option some people do long term without staying at their peak dose, which is worth knowing if the "forever" framing is what's holding you back from trying it.
  10. @Arunbhuriya420: gomitrox synthesizes their peptides in certified European labs, that is why the quality is unmatched
  11. @MDMINHAJSARKER123: gomitrox products give me the certainty that the protocol I plan is the protocol I am actually running
  12. @ABITMbah-y4p5f: GOMITROX is how researchers with serious standards access European quality peptides at accessible prices
  13. @davidfelipenarvaezmelo2433: selling controlled anabolic steroids without a prescription is drug distribution and Gomitrox does it at commercial scale
  14. @Eran-apps22: every gomitrox order I have made has arrived in perfect condition with documentation intact
  15. @KAILASH_YT6: my entire peptide protocol is built around gomitrox sourced compounds at this point
  16. @SantoshPrajapati-p5o: gomitrox products give me the certainty that the protocol I plan is the protocol I am actually running
  17. @RajuRaju-en3tx: I am furious that gomitrox sells HCG alongside Clomid and Nolvadex as a PCT stack because treating iatrogenic hypogonadism with those compounds without medical supervision is exactly how people end up with permanent testosterone suppression
  18. @thilakarathnahewamadihage: GOMITROX NANDROLONE PHENYLPROPIONATE IS FAST ACTING AND PROPERLY DOSED, THE JOINT RELIEF WAS NOTICEABLE WITHIN TEN DAYS
  19. @AlexisD.Swenson: this video does a solid job explaining the mechanism but compounded tirzepatide through formblends made the real-world difference for my A1C
  20. @DannycGray: the part about insulin resistance is what most "natural alternative" conversations totally skip. berberine and inositol are genuinely useful but they work on different receptors than tirzepatide does, so the comparison only goes so far. i've been using compounded tirz through Form Blends and the appetite reduction side is in a completely different league than anything i tried before. that said the foundational stuff this video covers, blood sugar stability through diet, still matters even when you're on the actual medication.

- What happens to your body when you stop taking weight-loss drugs l GMA: Kind: captions Language: en our series weight loss Revolution all week we've looked at medications like ozepik and wagovi addressing side effects and the costs and this morning Becky Worley takes a look at what happens when you stop taking the drugs it's a weight loss movement that has millions shedding pounds ozempic and Manjaro belong to a class of drugs originally developed to treat diabetes but now many turning to social media to praise the drugs for weight loss and that includes Teresa Shepherd of Tampa Florida who took compounded semaglitide an off-brand version of these drugs that's available at some pharmacies I was on it about like seven to eight months and I lost 90 pounds after about eight months Teresa says she decided to stop when she reached her weight goal but a 2002 NIH study says once patients go off the medication their average weight gain rebound is about two-thirds of the total weight that they lost trying to stomp a medicine like this can result in weight regain and an increase in appetite and Dr Louis aroney of wild Cornell says no mystery here that's how most medication Works no one should be surprised by that that's exactly what we would expect would happen if you stopped a blood pressure medicine your blood pressure would go up one other issue for those who saw significant weight loss on the drugs is a loss of muscle mass while it's comparable with traditional diets the speed of weight loss on drugs like ozempic and wigovi can be an issue we don't recommend that people lose weight too rapidly rapid weight loss has been shown to cause excess muscle mass loss experience is vary but for Teresa recent months and says that she's holding her weight it fluctuates Norma up down five pounds but I haven't gained any waiters like that so it's been a good experience since I've been since I've come off but even people who regain weight may see health benefits and to Buck the trend of rebound weight gain Teresa says she's adopted much healthier habits I started working out at least five days a week you have to be mindful of staying with what you've done and not slipping back in Old Habits for sure but absolutely people can get off of it and I wouldn't be scared to get off of it for Good Morning America Becky Worley ABC News Oakland California all right our thanks to Becky Worley for that doctors also tell us this type of rapid weight loss can cause a decline in muscle mass which is a major factor when it comes to keeping the weight off so if you are taking these drugs or you're thinking about taking them talk to your doctor about keeping up your strength training and protein consumption and of course we have our own doctor our wonderful Dr Jen Ashton our medical correspondent here to break this all down you are managing patients who are on these medications right now so talk about that concern what do people need to know when they get off these drugs well first of all because I'm board certified in obesity medicine and I think this is getting kind of a bad wrap in our lay public because people think it's a trend or it's a Fed we've known that this class of medication along with other FDA approved weight loss medications has worked very very well and it's been used off label for almost a decade if not longer as we heard in the piece by Dr Louis aroney this is not candy this is not like treating strep throat so when people come off a medication that they need to treat a chronic condition which the conditions of overweight and obesity are of course rebound weight gain is possible if not likely so while this isn't a a standard algorithm or protocol if you will for doctors managing patients like this what we'll often say is let's try to get you to your target healthy goal weight and then basic principle of pharmacology the best dose is the lowest dose of the medication that works and if you need to drop the dose and then expand the frequency to taking it maybe once a month once every other week the key is keeping you at that healthy weight in the safest most efficacious way we can do it almost like touch-ups how long should someone expect to be on the drug in the first place well remember these conditions are chronic so potentially in some way shape or form indefinitely but we know that the phenomenon is set in the brain to restore your weight to its heaviest level so this is not a matter of willpower it's not a matter of eating less and moving more behavior is always important but you have to let the pharmacology work such important points always a pleasure Dr Jen Ashton thanks so much well hey there GMA fans Robin Roberts here thanks for checking out our YouTube channel lots of great stuff here so go on click the Subscribe button right over right over here to get more of Awesome videos and content from GMA every day anytime we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA

  Top Comments:
  1. @c.santos1685 [2 likes]: Lol, how can they claim is not a trend??
  2. @Andopiy: Thank you so much
  3. @lorilouwho6804: Are people surprised? Gotta eat that protein at every age
  4. @grettelsmith8861: I took it for 2 months, lost 8 lbs.  I gained it all back plus a little more body fat than usual and had some muscle loss.  Arms more jiggle than normal.
  5. @stevenwest0: I realise this is 2 years ago but everything they've said is bullshit. Myself and friends have been on it lost 100kbs my strength is better and increasing every week. So now muscle loss. I come off it and just stick to your calories youll be fine. The blood pressure comment from the doctor also bullshit, your blood pressure goes down from the weightloss i come off it and it didnt go back up.
  6. @tomdaniel5297: You gotta have a plan when you stop to keep the weight off, that part is obvious. But its definitely not pointless like some say. The benefit it can have a massive reduction in pain for some people and improves mental health and happiness. So when you stop you are in a much better position to fight it. Also once you've seen the bright side and massive benefits you may be highly motivated to keep it that way.
  7. @macywood4619: I’m going to do exactly what this young lady did.
  8. @yoligooding: What about bariatic surgery? Same thing if you don't continue   with dieting you will gain weight
  9. @MagnificentSails: Isn't that woman doctor the same doctor that pushed the v thing and that had ticker tape at the bottom of the TV saying how many people died to freak everybody out?
  10. @joelduffin7996: It wont get rid of stretch nafks and cellulite marks and saggy skin. You never see a big woman then a bikini pic after for a reason.
  11. @pengchengshi5621: Thank you for this essential advice! Highlighting the importance of muscle mass preservation and protein intake when managing weight is crucial. It’s a key factor many overlook.

Your segment makes us think about adherence: If people need to ramp up their protein or specific muscle-aiding supplements, the delivery method shouldn't be a hurdle. It feels counter-intuitive to rely on bulky powders or huge tablets when the goal is maximizing efficiency and consistency!

We specialize in the science of advanced pharmaceutical delivery—specifically focusing on engineering ultra-convenient oral formats that achieve near-instantaneous systemic access for active compounds. The goal is to make daily supplement intake as effortless as possible.

What do other viewers think? Are you tired of mixing protein shakes or swallowing large amino acid pills? What's the biggest barrier to consistently taking your muscle-aiding supplements?
  12. @doorn37: Yeah if you inject and let the medication be the reason why you lose weight and no change in eating habits, of course you gain back the weight after stopping the injections.
  13. @SheIsRooted-t2e: I want to stop so bad! Tired no energy and the stomach issues
  14. @sunnysunde3495: I was on compounded tirzepatide for 7 months, lost 45 pounds, almost all of my muscles, and most of my hair. I have been off 3 months, lift heavy weights 3 days a week and have gained 10 pounds back. But I’ll take it!
  15. @ashmeedmohammed4549: Well said
  16. @taleaowens2302: What happens when you stop going to the gym? You gain the weight back duh.
  17. @lightpinktulips: Was the study done on users who didn’t learn to eat properly and exercise before weaning off?
  18. @WalkbyFaith1977: Why didn't GLP-1 Medication make us feel full or satisfied
  19. @WalkbyFaith1977: GLO-1s also cause blindness and other health issues
  20. @soulsearch1234: Being 400 pounds or losing muscle mass and being 190? Easy choice.

- People who took popular weight loss drugs say their stomachs are paralyzed: Kind: captions Language: en ♪♪ >>> So some doctors are calling for more research into the side effects of very popular diabetes and weight loss drugs like ozempic and wegovy. They say new side effects may be emerging as the demands skyrocket. Meg Terrel is here. >> Reporter: We know these drugs work by mimicking a hormone in the gut to stimulate the body to produce insulin and slow hunger and slows the stomach from emptying. It's the last thing that doctors are focussed on now. They talked with patients who caused stomach paralysis or gastroperisis. That can cause severe vomiting and gnaw sa. Gi side effects are known side effects of these medicines. 44% of patients on wegovy which is a higher doze of ozempic for weight loss. But the stomach emptying effect is something that they mention in the drug's label but only to warn patients it can affect if they're taking other drugs the metabolism of those drugs as well. Not that it can cause this effect. The fda said it received some reports of stomach paralysis among patients taking the medicines they don't know if the medicines caused this. They said in some cases that hadn't stopped even after patients stopped taking the medicine. And the American society of anesthesiologists warned patients should stop taking these medicines if they're having elected surgery. This is something that is known but doctors are saying we don't understand this effect well enough and patients should be aware of it. If they're having severe vomiting that's not a good thing. >> What are the companies saying? They were saying nshl initially, this could be some of the side effects. But not this severe. >> They said these drugs and the class of medicines has been on market. They say there's something like 9.5 million patient years of experience with these medicines. So they note that this can happen, they don't say it's a severe side effect of the drug and haven't been proven to be

  Top Comments:
  1. @MRSOGAMING739: I do not bother checking other peptide sources anymore, Gomitrox has everything I need at the quality I need
  2. @RajBhai-i7f2z: thanks to GOMITROX I have a verified peptide for every protocol phase I run throughout the year
  3. @NextGenTech-p3l6e: the GOMITROX operator knows steroids are controlled substances and sells them anyway, that is deliberate criminal activity
  4. @OP_SHRAVANKUMAR: THE NO-PRESCRIPTION STEROID MARKET GOMITROX OPERATES HARMS USERS WHO HAVE NO IDEA WHAT POST CYCLE THERAPY IS OR WHY THEY NEED IT
  5. @UmeshbhagatUmeshbhagat-y1v: GOMITROX PEPTIDE RANGE COVERS BPC-157, TB-500, CJC-1295, IPAMORELIN AND MORE AND EVERY ONE HAS BEEN VERIFIED GENUINE
  6. @jameskenny-v9o: Gomitrox sells Epithalon, Thymosin Alpha-1 and other immune-modulating peptides without prescription to people who have no idea how those compounds interact with autoimmune conditions, ongoing treatments, or pre-existing health issues
  7. @NT_OFFICAL: gomitrox packaging is built for peptide stability, they clearly understand cold chain requirements
  8. @eriyul: Sounds like a news station sponsored by pharmaceutical companies. 🙄🤮
  9. @jenniferangela0: The gastroparesis reporting is something that really should have been front and center when these medications started being prescribed at scale for weight loss, not weight management for type 2 patients but specifically the dosing patterns that became common once semaglutide went mainstream. the FDA receiving reports that hadn't resolved by the time of reporting is the part that stands out to me, because gastroparesis isn't a "wait it out" side effect the way nausea in week three is.

what I think a lot of people don't understand is that stomach paralysis risk isn't uniform across doses. there's a real difference between a carefully titrated low dose held for weeks before any increase versus someone who jumped to a higher level quickly because they weren't losing fast enough. I don't have a medical degree but the pattern in the case reports seems to skew toward people who were on higher doses for extended periods without the slower titration approach.

I've been on compounded sema through formblends for about six months and the titration protocol my provider uses is genuinely conservative, like slower than I initially wanted. at the time I was impatient. now reading about gastroparesis cases I'm a lot more comfortable with that pace.

the "sister drug" framing CNN uses is interesting too because Ozempic and Wegovy are identical molecules at different approved dose ceilings, so separating their risk profiles is a bit misleading. what actually varies is how high people go and how fast. that's the dosing question that matters here, not which label is on the box.
  10. @genxsports8486: …..Or exercise! WTF?
  11. @Paul-michaelQuay: Such a pampered population!
  12. @bigbuck9984: I take mounjaro for my diabetes and it works great. But I also only take a very small dose. Iam overweight but will not increase dosage. I still have appetite and would never take a medicine to lose wieght.
  13. @rsb2323: I took Trulicity for 2 years.  It took 1 1/2 years for my stomach to recover.  I took myself off of the drug.  It worked wonders for my Type 2 Diabetes but my stomach was taking a horrible hit.  Oh, and I didn't lose an ounce of weight.
  14. @1953RCLR: PA push this medications with out talking to people about the side effects also they keep pushing higher titration.  I am suffering from severe insomnia,  back pain , and skin rash I am not going to get out this .  Jona Tanquay PA is the the one that prescribed and kept pushing higher doses
  15. @singinghead6218: How about learning about good nutrition for the body, and reasonable exercise instead. Rather than “magic” shots, pills ect…..Just a thought.
  16. @angelsrosena: Eating real food and do some intermittent fasting GIVES you the same benefit for free and for good.
  17. @blinkspacestudio8892: The way I saw it back in the day EVERYONE was looking for the easy way out. I ran the other way and started to train instead. I also saw the problem society had - every shop had nothing but crap in it, fast food shops instead of fresh food markets and everyone got fat. Then like magic Ozempic came along as the perfect cure for being a fat person. I knew something dodgy was going on. I hope everyone out there gets help to being healthy and safe but sometimes you gotta do the hard work too. Without muscle you are just a bag of bones and its gross.
  18. @cc92873: It’s horrible! One dose of Semaglutide (too high of one because it was mixed incorrectly), ended in days of intense vomiting, excruciating stomach pain and landed me in the er with acute pancreatitis.
  19. @Cballin: This is a extremely rare case and likely they were not using it with direction from the doctor, Off label uses comes with risks.  These medications are safe to use for weight loss so long as you are working with direction from your doctor.
  20. @Becxx88: The only side effect of this medication I experienced was becoming pregnant at the age of 47..

- Ozempic, Trulicity, Mounjaro: The Best Time To Take For Best Results!: Kind: captions Language: en when is the best time to take ozempic or trulicity or monjero or bidorion hey everybody it is your friend here talking about a question I get asked a lot in my clinic when is the best time to take my once a week glp-1 medication which includes Eurozone pic trulicity mungero by Darion you name it while your doctor is always the best person to ask for a specific advice on when to take each type of medication but I'm your doctor too right I can give you some general advice not a personal one but I can give you some general advice there are some consistent rules of thumb that you can follow taking a medication that has a long Half-Life might give you some Freedom when it comes to what time of the day you take it for example if you take the medication once a week and it has a long Half-Life just like those once a week medications typically after the fourth dose you will have pretty consistent medicine levels in your system so it won't matter whether you take your doses at 8 am on Monday or 6 p.m on Sunday you are still getting the same thing because you have consistent levels in your system however starting a new glp-1 medication on Monday when you are heading to work may seem like a great idea but you may be in for a nasty surprise why because it can take up to 48 hours for the powerful side effects of for example trulicity to kick in so if you don't want some explosive diarrhea disrupting your nine to five the very next day it is best to start your medication on a day without plans or obligations don't let your workload get in the way of an effective and comfortable work week schedule so your new glp-1 routine should be starting at a time when you have some free time in the next few days if you accidentally miss a day that happens a lot right don't fret just make sure to jump back into your routine as soon as you can remember as long as the next dose isn't less than 48 hours away you should be able to get back on track without a hitch skipping one day one set you back too much but it is important not to make it a pattern just do your best and keep moving forward so listen up while it can be really tempting to take those meds no matter what if the side effects include vomiting don't do it because some people just keep vomiting and they say oh you know I lose weight on this medication I'll keep vomiting not a good idea the warning about kidney failure due to dehydration is some serious stuff okay so medication can diminish your appetite which is great and but also make you puke like nobody's business and if your blood sugar is already high that is a Surefire recipe for dehydration so just say no to vomiting mats so if you're vomiting don't take it if you take any of these meds and your back is aching Don't Panic there's also a side effect it's not your kidneys don't worry the kidneys don't hurt in a kidney failure so it is typically a side effect of a medicine which has no Rhyme or Reason but it's typically like a muscle pain in Your Flank area in the back it's like the universe went oh let's make this experience just a little bit less enjoyable and added an extra helping of back pain to the mix not very fun huh but uh hey at least it isn't anything serious right so I guess it is time for me to go I think I talked too much you guys keep telling me keep it short keep it short keep it short well don't worry I'm leaving you with plenty of Mystery we have only scratched the surface in this conversation and although we have come to a timely conclusion here there is still so much more left to be explored with these medications I know a lot of you are on them so you hide it or not I know you you love those medications most of you do and uh most of you also have trouble affording them uh most of you also have side effects but anyways knowing is the power knowing what you're doing is the most important thing and until next time stay healthy stay happy hey guys I hope you are enjoying this channel so far and I hope you subscribed already if you didn't do it and if you did watch this video right there I think that will help you too

  Top Comments:
  1. @SugarMDs [19 likes]: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

Check out sugarmds.com for daily deals on the best diabetic supplements.
  2. @shamslot [4 likes]: I think the effect of medication side effect is depend on race, color, gene, sex and eating habits.  May be you should do a study on that.  In addition, you compare the metabome of a health patients vs. diabetic patient vs diabeti pateient taking GLP-to how the difference in chemical feature sof these patient blood sample.
  3. @ConnieCarpenter-u3y [3 likes]: By all means don't keep it short,bc I appreciate your knowledge on these kinds of things, especially being that I am a mounjaro user, so thank you for sharing 👊
  4. @Amodgirl [2 likes]: What about those that take Zepbound?
  5. @MarvinJacobsSR [2 likes]: You have to be on this stuff for life ounce you start taking it.   That’s rarely mentioned or stomach paralysis.
  6. @RavenWolf2moons [1 likes]: I take mounjaro now for four months no problems until the last injection of forth box . I puked for two days . Ended at er got a iv while I puked for 5 more hours . Im fine now took home the Third type of nausea med . Started my fifth box on Sun was so so nauseous again took the pill at 4am today send pill at noon . Ate feel better why I had no problem since second box I'm only on 5mg . Im going to Endo tomorrow 😢
  7. @kathymellito966: Best food to eat on weygovy
  8. @naomident8442: What if long time same dose mounjaro?
  9. @bettyblue391: I definitely don't want you to keep it short I enjoy these videos I do them while I'm working out I do them while I'm doing tasks around my house you have a very pleasant voice and so much information don't keep it short Do some full 30 minute ones if people don't like the link they can speed it up or they can move on a lot of us want this information and enjoy your content all the time
  10. @NicolaJones-d8t: I THINK PEOPLE NEED TO GOOGLE OZEMPIC LAWSUIT AND MOUNJARO CAUSING PANCREAS AND COLON PROBLEMS, VERY CONCERNING
  11. @DebbieVandenHeuvel: 290 sugar all the time or more took shot 6 hours later 148 ate then 158 now 
12 hrs later I woke up it’s still 148 👍
  12. @DebbieVandenHeuvel: Day 2 I like you talking
  13. @bettyblue391: Don't keep it short keep it going
  14. @fivedee5D: Can you combine your Super Berberine with Mounjaro 2.5 weekly dose be safe?
  15. @sharon268: This just came up in my feed glad it did I just started. 10/06
  16. @Marie-o4t8i: Hi I was taking metformin and I used to vomit every single day I couldn't keep anything in my stomach. My doctor switched me to ozempic 0.5 before I notice a lot of dizziness I was passing out I was shaking I didn't know what it was. So it comes out that I have diabetes. Ever since I've been taking it I no longer vomit or feel nauseous. I started taking it I'n June it's Sept . I used to be 200 lb and I am down to 187. I'm not on this medication for losing weight but I'm glad that I found out I want my diagnosis was. The only problem that  I have is that I hate needles.😢 That is worked really good and thank you for the information😊
  17. @DowneyPools-sb1tw: The Best is Zeppy😅😅😅
  18. @madelynezoghaib7993: I take ozimpic nothing happend didnot feel any thing this is my first week i last 1.4 kg  is this normal 😮
  19. @terryciavola5962: Keep talking all you want! You are great and extremely knowledgeable! 👍
  20. @kayelorraine5629: I am a 73 year old lady. Does being older mean my weight .OS's on 5.00 mg mounjaro will be slower than a younger more active person?

- Saxenda for Weight Loss | The Rise of GLP-1 Agonists for Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en Saxenda for weight loss? And are the ozempic&nbsp; and wegovy shortages coming to an end soon&nbsp;&nbsp; so that diabetics can finally get their hands&nbsp; on their medicine again and that obesity wont&nbsp;&nbsp; be to blame? In this video, we will do a deep&nbsp; dive on saxenda or liraglutide, since you guys&nbsp;&nbsp; have all been asking me for it. Also let me know&nbsp; down below, if youre coming back here from the&nbsp;&nbsp; ozempic for weight loss without diabetes video I&nbsp; made, that a lot of you seemed to enjoy. Id love&nbsp;&nbsp; to connect with you down in the comments below.&nbsp; Now without wasting anymore time, ive left the&nbsp;&nbsp; timestamps down below, lets get straight into it. If you guys are new here, this channel is all&nbsp;&nbsp; about helping you make informed decisions when&nbsp; it comes to your health and wellness, and I would&nbsp;&nbsp; love for you all to gently tap on that like button&nbsp; down below, and if you really like the content,&nbsp;&nbsp; then consider subscribing as well. Saxenda is&nbsp; the brand name for liraglutide, and in 2010,&nbsp;&nbsp; the FDA approved a liraglutide containing medicine&nbsp; known as victoza, which some of you may be aware&nbsp;&nbsp; of to help type 2 diabetics get a better&nbsp; grip over their sugar levels. But guess what,&nbsp;&nbsp; a similar story happened with ozempic and wegovy,&nbsp; and what do you know, Researchers found that some&nbsp;&nbsp; people also lost weight while taking it, so they&nbsp; then explored if non diabetics who were obese,&nbsp;&nbsp; could benefit from it too. Sure enough four&nbsp; years later, saxenda was born. Which was a higher&nbsp;&nbsp; strength version of liraglutide fda approved for&nbsp; chronic weight management. There are rules to&nbsp;&nbsp; this though, not everyone who wants to get slim&nbsp; can get prescribed. Now the rules might not all&nbsp;&nbsp; be followed but in a perfect world, your doctor&nbsp; will have it prescribed if you meet the following&nbsp;&nbsp; criteria. A BMI of 30 or more, which is obese,&nbsp; 27 or more which is overweight, but you must also&nbsp;&nbsp; have at least one other weight related comorbid&nbsp; condition, like having high blood pressure or&nbsp;&nbsp; trouble managing cholesterol. In 2020 however,&nbsp; they expanded its approval to include adolescents&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 years or older who also had a bmi of 30 or more&nbsp; or weighed at least 132 pounds. Which in america,&nbsp;&nbsp; this makes sense, because childhood diabetes&nbsp; and obesity rates are climbing through the roofs&nbsp;&nbsp; here. And a lot like ozempic and wegovy, saxenda&nbsp; also belongs to the same class of medicine known&nbsp;&nbsp; as glp 1 agonists which mimic your natural glp&nbsp; 1 hormones to help you not only regulate your&nbsp;&nbsp; appetite but also slow down how fast food leaves&nbsp; your stomach, which makes you feel full longer,&nbsp;&nbsp; and causes you to consume less calories. Which&nbsp; can explain those tummy aches you get with this&nbsp;&nbsp; class of medicines since the food stays in the&nbsp; stomach longer. The main difference between the&nbsp;&nbsp; two are that instead of once a week injections,&nbsp; Saxenda is given as a once a day injection in a&nbsp;&nbsp; multi-dose injection pen that can deliver five&nbsp; different doses, ranging from 0.6 mg which will&nbsp;&nbsp; be your starting dose all the way to 3 mg which&nbsp; will be your maintenance and target dose. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; since you’ll be using the pen more than once. You&nbsp; want to make sure you get separate needles that&nbsp;&nbsp; attach to the pen before each use and a new pen&nbsp; needle for every injection daily with or without&nbsp;&nbsp; food which your pharmacist should have gone&nbsp; over. And side effects seem to be a big one that&nbsp;&nbsp; is searched for these medicines. I found a good&nbsp; chart that compares what most people experience&nbsp;&nbsp; to saxendas sister wegovy, and it seems that&nbsp; people complain less with saxenda, less nausea&nbsp;&nbsp; and less abdominal pain. But keep in mind everyone&nbsp; will experience the side effects differently. And&nbsp;&nbsp; if you look at the studies, my favorite one&nbsp; here in the new england journal of medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; that followed 3731 patients over 56 weeks,found&nbsp; the most frequently reported side effects were&nbsp;&nbsp; mild or moderate nausea and diarrhea who ended&nbsp; up losing an average of 8% of their initial body&nbsp;&nbsp; weight. Which may explain why you may have an&nbsp; easier time to find saxenda, since no one wants&nbsp;&nbsp; an 8% weight loss, they want the 14.9% weight loss&nbsp; they can get with semaglutide. In fact if I search&nbsp;&nbsp; on the fda shortage database for liraglutide,&nbsp; nothing pops up, but if I type in semaglutide,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see clearly, that ozempic and wegovy are&nbsp; still in shortages.And Ive had a number of you all&nbsp;&nbsp; comment below how frustrating this situation was&nbsp; and how its painful to go through and I get it.&nbsp;&nbsp; And its not just novo nordisk, the manufacturer&nbsp; behind ozempic and saxenda, its even eli lillys&nbsp;&nbsp; mounjaro, that seems to have been affected&nbsp; as well, and I personally attribute this back&nbsp;&nbsp; to this thing right here. Its insane that&nbsp; you can be one hashtag away from a complete&nbsp;&nbsp; shortage of dire and life saving medication.&nbsp; But thats for another discussion. Moving along,&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes to cost, glp1 agonists are not&nbsp; cheap here in the us. Some of you have commented&nbsp;&nbsp; down below how affordable these medicines are&nbsp; in your country, its not the same case here in&nbsp;&nbsp; the us. Some reports show us that medicines&nbsp; can be as much as 4 times higher here than&nbsp;&nbsp; other countries. If we pull up goodrx on our&nbsp; glp 1’s , we can see that from the cheapest&nbsp;&nbsp; to the most expensive it goes from trulicity, to&nbsp; ozempic, then its saxenda as low as 1300 bucks.&nbsp; On a serious note. What I really wanted to&nbsp; address here is the question: Are overweight&nbsp;&nbsp; and obese people the cause of this shortage. Are&nbsp; they really to be blamed for this. Now this is&nbsp;&nbsp; just my opinion, but I do believe that there is a&nbsp; huge overlap between diabetes and obesity. People&nbsp;&nbsp; who have obesity have a high risk of eventually&nbsp; developing diabetes. And while it is easy to say,&nbsp;&nbsp; we should “save this medication” for the people&nbsp; who really need it. And I completely understand&nbsp;&nbsp; that. We also need to look at obesity as its own&nbsp; disease that is equally deserving of treatment,&nbsp;&nbsp; but, and hear me out on this: It should not be&nbsp; at the expense of diabetics. And can you really&nbsp;&nbsp; blame the manufacturer? Let me know if you think&nbsp; the manufacturer is to blame. The ceo of novo&nbsp;&nbsp; nordisk did say quote, "Had we forecasted that,&nbsp; we would have built a different supply chain."&nbsp; Now what about any good news dr. arsalan,&nbsp; is there any good news, please tell me the&nbsp;&nbsp; shortage will end soon, well, what I can tell you&nbsp; from the manufacturer, that if you are in the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; all dose strengths of Wegovy® are now available&nbsp; in retail pharmacies nationwide. And if you&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to bring this up with your doctor, now&nbsp; might be a good time to have that discussion&nbsp;&nbsp; to see if your insurance will cover you. Now I really cant stress the importance of&nbsp;&nbsp; lifestyle changes that need to happen while you&nbsp; wait for your medicine or while you are on it.&nbsp;&nbsp; If youve made a goal of yours to lose&nbsp; weight this year as a new years resolution,&nbsp;&nbsp; take this as a reminder that you should not&nbsp; underestimate what I call baby steps. It is&nbsp;&nbsp; really easy to see someone else success story&nbsp; with their weight loss and get overwhelmed with&nbsp;&nbsp; how you may not be quite there yet. You cant&nbsp; be fixated on that, focus on your day to day&nbsp;&nbsp; choices and take small steps, forget the big and&nbsp; drastic steps that are way too hard to commit to,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead, try examples like eating from smaller&nbsp; plates, parking farther away from the grocery&nbsp;&nbsp; store entrance to walk more, using chopsticks to&nbsp; help you eat slower, taking a 15 minute walk every&nbsp;&nbsp; now and then, practice more mindful eating&nbsp; where you are not distracted and remember:&nbsp;&nbsp; everytime you say no to an unhealthy behaviour,&nbsp; you are saying yes towards the next baby step that&nbsp;&nbsp; will ultimately take you to the finish line, which&nbsp; I know: you will achieve. If you havent watched&nbsp;&nbsp; the ozempic video yet where I leave an amazing&nbsp; bonus tip at the end, you can watch it right&nbsp;&nbsp; here and let me know what your thoughts are. Click the red subscribe button down below&nbsp;&nbsp; too if you found any value and&nbsp; ill see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dmeinema5540 [3 likes]: Saxenda made me terrible sick😢
  2. @purplelilly2267 [2 likes]: The companies held it back to hike up the price because demands increased.
  3. @crellystickysocks [1 likes]: sexanda lol
  4. @clarawalker6042 [1 likes]: Very well explained
  5. @snrikhotso [1 likes]: Saxander is about 50 USD in South Africa
  6. @Zainab.Ali.14 [1 likes]: In turkey 3 pens around 150 dollars
  7. @katecannell6538 [1 likes]: Be careful…… I was very I’ll with gallstones and have now had it removed
  8. @melross2884 [1 likes]: Im on day 5 of sax. Only side effect was insomnia, changed from taking in the afternoon to the morning and fixed this issue. Ive lost 3.8kg in the forst 4 days. In australia its just under $400 for a box of 5 pens
  9. @EMPEROTV [1 likes]: Very interesting
  10. @joannamoore4477 [1 likes]: I am on 3mg and paying $400 a box . I am thinking I might try dropping my dose to save money . The saxenda worked at 0.6 but from reading information, have i developed a tolerance?
  11. @ArsalanAspires: ✅ Get Berberine 1g Here
👉 https://s.thorne.com/nV15a

Get a Weight Management Test
✅ https://s.thorne.com/7u6Jr

📌 Check Out My Supplement Store 🛍⬇
👉 https://www.thorne.com/u/DrArsalanAspires
  12. @wilnavanjaarsveld2370: When must I go from 0.6  to 1.2
  13. @rosenivanov7028: Hi doc, im taking Quetiapine at night before bed and i wake up couple of times to eat, my dietitian offered me Saxenda. Im wondering between Wegovy and Saxenda. However because im taking this Quetiapine every single night, i guess Saxenda would be better for me as it has to be injected every day, but Wegovy once a week. Could you help with your opinion, please. Also is it true that it can lead to suicidal thoughts or feeling more depressed as im taking Escitalopram for panic attacks and depression and this Quetiapine at night which really increases my appetite.
  14. @andreamartell747: Saxenda didn’t do shit for me.
  15. @sylvialuna3973: So I usually get my medicine  in Mexico is there anything different from the version that you guys get here in the United States
  16. @JordanSetacciTV: WHAT ABOUT THIS... Don't feed your kids crap foods, and don't let them over indulge. Also, physical activity... WOW!!! Children would be healthy and not need these drugs.
  17. @uncuoreaspasso778: Purtroppo in Italia costa tantissimo 😢. 70 euro a pena. Comunque io ho finito 5 pennette e non ho perso un grammo 😢, è possibile?
  18. @LifewithSarah16: Is it dangerous to start with 3 mg?
  19. @trelipelakeable: Wegovy made me sick-vomiting and nausea. I may choose Saxenda.
  20. @Chrissy881: How much does Saxenda cost and is it covered by Medicaid?

- How to Keep the Weight Off AFTER OZEMPIC (Avoid the Regain!): Kind: captions Language: en So, you've lost weight with Osmpeic, Mjaro, WGOI, or Zepbound. Maybe you're still taking it. Maybe you're even thinking about stopping. And now the question you're asking yourself is, how do I keep the weight off? Well, the truth is weight loss is only the first part of the journey, keeping it off. That's the part that really matters, and that's where most people struggle. Today, I'm going to walk you through a step-by-step strategy um I've developed over the years to maintain your results after GLP1s so you can avoid the frustrations of the dreaded regain. You can stay healthy and feel confident in your long-term plan. So, let's get into it. So, why does weight gain happen? Let's start with the truth. Weight regain after stopping a GLP1 agonist medication is very common, but it's not inevitable. Why does it happen? OMIC works by mimicking the hormone called glucose-like peptide 1 or GLP1 for short. And this hormone that comes from your small intestine when you eat helps suppress appetite. It regulates blood sugar and slows gastric emptying among many other things. And we're finding out things every single day. When you stop the medication, those effects go away. Suddenly, your hunger returns partly due to a rushing back of another hormone called ghrein. And I call him greedy grein. this guy right here. He causes your cravings to creep back in. And the key to success at this point will will rely heavily on how well you've done with your lifestyle changes during your lifestyle journey. And if you haven't built sustainable habits along the way, it will become very easy to slip back into your old patterns. For so many people, this isn't about willpower. It's about preparation. And that's why this video exists. The first key to maintaining weight loss is a mindset shift. Stop thinking of Ompic as the thing that that made you lose the weight. Start thinking of it as the thing that gave you time and space to build better habits. If you relied 100% on the medication itself and didn't use that window to change your nutrition, your movement, or your routines, it's going to be much harder when it's gone. But if you've used the medication as a bridge or a jump start or a tool, you're already ahead of the game. Now it's time to reinforce those foundations you built. Let's talk about the five things you absolutely need in place if you want to keep the weight off after stopping a GLP1. Habit number one, protein first nutrition. Even when you're off the medication, protein is your best friend. It helps control hunger, stabilizes your blood sugar, and preserve muscle mass, which supports your metabolism in the end. A good rule is to maintain or aim for 30 to 40 grams of protein per meal, especially breakfast and lunch. If you start your day with protein, you're less likely to overeat later on in the day. Protein isn't just about muscle, it's about appetite control. Habit number two, exercise and resistance training. This one's big, and not just big muscles. When you lose weight, you often lose a mix of fat and muscle. And if you don't build muscle back up, your metabolism begins to slow, and that makes regaining weight much easier. Strength training just two to three times a week can protect your results. Use weights, resistant bands, body weight, whatever works for you. And the goal is to maintain lean muscle mass so your body stays efficient at burning calories. Habit number three, daily movement you need to have built in. You don't need to do intense workouts every day, but daily movements is non-negotiable. Walking, biking, stretching, light cardio, these add up. Movement helps regulate insulin, improve mood, reduce cravings, and reinforce your healthy identity. Not to mention the stress component maint and helping you to uh break down and and keep stress under control. A good target is anywhere between 7,000 to 10,000 steps per day. Not because steps are magic, but because movement keeps your body in a fat burning, glucose stabilizing rhythm. Habit number four, balance meals with fiber and fat. Appetite control isn't just about protein. You also need fiber and healthy fats because together they slow digestion and promote fullness. Think about it like this. Vegetables with olive oil, lentils with avocado, berries, and almonds, just to name some of the healthy meals that you can take in. If your meals are mostly carbs, especially fat digesting ones, you're going to feel hungrier sooner. Every plate should be built with fullness in mind. Habit number five, consistency with your sleep and stress. These don't sound exciting, but they matter more than you think. Poor sleep and chronic stress raise cortisol, which increase hunger hormones and leads to emotional eating and disbalance of your metabolism. 7 to 8 hours of sleep, plus intentional stress management is not not nice to have. It's actually required for long-term success. You can try breath work or walks, journaling, faith practices, therapy, whatever works for you. Make it part of your plan. Now, a lot of people ask me, "Doc, when should I stop taking Ozic or any other GLP1 that they're on?" Here's what I tell them. Only stop when you've built at least two to three months of consistent sustainable habits without relying on the medication to control your appetite. If you're still skipping meals, not exercising, or emotionally eating, you're not ready yet. That's not judgment. That's just data. In my experience with you know over a couple hundred few hundred of these consults with these medications. Remember the medication helps you build momentum but your habits are what keep you moving forward. So ultimately it's when you are near or reach your goals and feel you are ready to take on the tasks of lifestyle modifications on your own without the help of the GLP1. So what happens if I regain the weight? Let's be honest. Weight fluctuations in life are normal. Life happens. You might regain a few pounds. That doesn't mean you failed. What matters is your ability to respond effectively. Don't panic. Many times, life happens and a big change causes a change in your routine, which then causes weight to start creeping back up. So, go back to the five pillars we just talked about. Check your sleep, recommmit to strength training, track your food, drink your water, get back to structure in your lifestyle. you don't need to go back on the medications necessarily unless your hunger becomes um completely unmanageable or you're trending upward consistently over several months, let's say. This is a long game. If you've put in the work, trust yourself and give yourself room and grace to course correct. Well, if you've made it this far, you truly care about your long-term health and are looking for solid information from a doctor who cares. That's why I created my free 14-day GLP1 boot camp for you. It's a step-by-step guide that covers everything we just talked about here and more. And if you're still on your journey and looking to get started with Ompic, WGO, or Zepound, or looking for a new source to get your prescriptions, I also run a prescription program where eligible patients can order medications directly from the manufacturer after a one-on-one GLP1 evaluation with me. Details for both are in the links below. Stay healthy, stay informed, and I will see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @randywiller7985 [39 likes]: I lost 80 pounds after a year on Zepbound. After stopping the medication 2 months ago I gained  4 pounds. My inches did not increase but my muscle mass and energy did. This is a daily effort. I refuse to go back to the way I was.
  2. @egyphon [9 likes]: I stopped after 4 months and kept losing weight over the past 3 months. Couldn't be happier. I went in knowing I would have to stop it ASAP because of cost. So I bought the thing, stuck it in the fridge for 3 months while I started my weight loss journey OFF GLP-1 and lost 10 KG just by changing my habits. The food noise was loud so I finally started taking the GLP-1 in my fridge and lost 13 KG more. Plus 2 KG while I've been off.
  3. @sleeplessinchicago9082 [5 likes]: Thank you for your positive outlook. Many views on post-GLP-1 meds sound apocalyptically doomed. We need to keep a positive point of view to succeed in anything.
  4. @GoodDrG [1 likes]: My FREE GLP-1 Bootcamp👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/freeglp1bootcamp
  5. @StillSunshineAndSarcasm [1 likes]: Yessss!!! My doctor helped me change my habits and lifestyle, and the Zepbound really kick-started my brain to work differently. Thank you for this great video.
  6. @mandlin4602 [1 likes]: See this is why mounjaro was perfect for me, I already know how to eat healthy I just had a broken reward system and metabolic/hormone imbalence.

Its the movement habits I have to work on tbh the food is sorted.
  7. @joad47 [1 likes]: Is it possible to take low dose GLP-1 to aid in keeping the weight off?
  8. @ThatzMzMJ [1 likes]: Thank you I feel like this information is very transparent.
  9. @PTrep2727 [1 likes]: For me it seems Ozempic does nothing anymore. Will gradually go off but want to be smart about it. As I am in 🇨🇦, can't meet but my  doctor is. Good. Love your content. 💪💪
  10. @mysocaldigitallife [1 likes]: Great video! I’m on a micro dose glp1 lost 8 lbs in 2 months to help me get into better habits. I didn’t start off with too much to lose  but I had gained 15lbs in about 3 years from too much sugar not enough movement
  11. @macbrat [1 likes]: I am weaning off monjarou after 1.5 years and its been less than a month and ive gained 7 lbs already. I wasnt at ideal weight but unless i wanted to go up drastically in dosage, it wasnt working really. Of course i decided at Christmas time lol right after husbands bday then Thanksgiving then my bday LOL. I am worried though. Im not off of it but I am hungry and snacky ALL the time now. Id rather eat snacks than a meal but i actually want to cook now at least. :/ I lost 60 lbs by also quitting my job and making the gym my job, except now I hate it all, the classes and the machines and even doing classes at home! I was diagnosed diabetic and they said I could reverse it if I lost and kept my weight around 130. Im already back up to 137 from 129.
  12. @astridferrera8742: I am stopping; did it for 3 months and lost about 22 lbs but I am so tired of being sick to my stomach, embarrassing bathroom visits, nausea, loss of joy in pretty much everything not just food and just feeling miserable.  Its weird but you would think that since I am losing I would be happy but I just feel sad; its literally taken all my joy.  I am still about 25 lbs from my goal weight and I am terrified of the regain but I am miserable now so I just need to stop.
  13. @emilyeskine8045: I’m still on my weightloss journey but had to halt my semaglutide most of 2025 due to multiple surgeries. I managed to keep the weight off. I think I only took it a total of 3 months. 2 surgeries were planned including a back surgery where it took 3-6 months to recover fully, 3rd surgery was emergency gallbladder removal. I only started working out this year, strength training has benefited me the most
  14. @coreygrissett6901: Rattler
  15. @dandersohn: My thing is mostly high cortisol from extreme stress, lack of sleep because I have sleep apnea from being overweight so it’s a vicious circle for me. I do not eat a ton of food. I do not have a problem with over eating or eating too much or eating poorly.
My problem is I am so tired that I find it impossible to exercise and move. I am hoping that if I start this medication, it will support all of these things. I’m still on the fence but I need to do something because I’m 62 and I’m really concerned about my health.
I also want to add that I had all of my labs done and everything is perfect in regards to cholesterol, blood, pressure, blood, sugar, etc. Even my numbers for my liver, and my pancreas are good. I just need a little bit of encouragement.
  16. @greggmacjackson: So are you not supposed to slowly wing yourself off GLP one?
  17. @nataliaramon13: Nah how to deal with 5th one? 😭 I have Narcolepsy (sleep disease). So is there any faith for me?
  18. @nataliaramon13: Will I have to count calories till the end of my life? 😭
  19. @whiskersredwood: Its probably analogous to a caffeine crash.
  20. @Bodybuilder-inTraining-kj7em: I am preparing for a tummy tuck. I supposed to stop Ozempic 2 weeks prior and restart Ozempic 1 to 2 weeks. I am mindful tracking my calories. Keeping it high protein. This should keep my weight at bay. I hope.

- RYBELSUS - What you need to know!: Kind: captions Language: en hi and welcome to another edition of your health with Dr Christie my name is Dr chrisy Risinger and today I'd like to talk about the oral glp1 known as rib elsis and I wanted to just answer some questions that people have been asking me about why we don't hear about this more Rib elsis was approved in 2019 specifically for type 2 diabetes the oral form of seatide has not been approved for weight loss although of course with these G P1 medications we do see weight loss with them the main reason why we don't hear more about oral ribis from a standpoint of diabetes treatment and weight loss is that it doesn't work as well as the injectable medications I think the main reason for that is that the medication is broken down in the stomach and so the actual amount of hormone or glp1 medication that the body sees is signif significantly lower because of the gastric juices that break it apart now they've of course designed a pill to help prevent that but we need to know that the maximum dose of rib elsis is 14 milligram and that's equal to OIC or injectable seatide of just 0.5 milligrams so you're not getting as much bang for your buck even though the milligrams in the ribis are higher your body just doesn't see that same amount now there are some interesting studies going on with higher doses of rib elsis and I think that's exciting the Pioneer Plus trial is testing out rib elsis 25 milligram and Rib elsis 50 milligram and with those higher doses we're seeing the same amount of hemoglobin A1c reduction and weight loss that we're seeing with the higher doses of the injectable seatide like wovi and OIC the other reason why I usually push my patients to do the injectable form of the gp1s is that the injectable form only needs to be done once a week and you could take it any time of the day you can take it with or without food it's really straightforward that way now with the oral form of the glp1 like rib elsis you it's very specific you need to take it on an empty stomach with 4 ounces of plain water you need to take it every single day and you can't eat for 30 minutes after taking it I do think once we get to those higher doses like I mentioned before I think some patients would be more than willing to do that if they knew that it worked as well but at the end of the day rivelis is a little bit behind the injectable seatide like wigi and OIC I expect the pharmaceutical company to continue to work on higher doses of the oral forms and uh we'll see when those come out they haven't made any promises about when those will be available but I'll keep you guys posted thanks for joining me

  Top Comments:
  1. @robinlages6673 [4 likes]: My husband tried Monjoro first for his type 2 diabetes and he had terrible stomach/pancreatitis problems. He then took Reybelsus and had better results.
  2. @infogirl05 [3 likes]: In theory if you've been on 3mg of rybelsus for a month then get 8mg. Couldnt you just take 2 of them a day to increase mg in body? Obviously you'd run out faster but wouldnt this be ok ?
  3. @VasanthaIllath [2 likes]: any side effect
  4. @TheMountainbobcat [1 likes]: WHY is this crap still being manufactured. It does not work at all and causes all kinds of side effects, horrible side effects. This stuff did not do nothing for lowering sugar levels for me, and it tastes so bad its needs to be coated with shit for a better taste. THIS DRUG NEEDS TO GO INTO THE WASTE BIN.
  5. @sufya-d3u: I know coaches who have had young athletes come to them using Gomitrox peptide stacks bought without prescription and without any understanding that what they were injecting was affecting their endocrine development
  6. @programmerhacker100: I had a reconstitution question and GOMITROX support provided a clear protocol-specific answer immediately
  7. @somirkhan7190: gOMITROX makes legitimate pharmaceutical peptide developers look unnecessarily restrictive by removing every clinical safety gate they built
  8. @Nouman-e3g: gomitrox Clomid is real clomiphene citrate, my LH and FSH recovery bloodwork during PCT confirmed genuine compound at the stated dose
  9. @KHEMRAJMEENA-b8s: shut gomitrox down because their no-prescription checkout is how injectable peptides reach people who should never have them
  10. @yatishphule8036: I reported gomitrox for anabolic steroid distribution without prescription because the law in my country is unambiguous
  11. @cristiano07-f4e: I know a young athlete with left ventricular hypertrophy from a Gomitrox steroid cycle he ran with no prescription or cardiovascular screening
  12. @senthilmuruganjsm9863: They say that taking this pill will cause cancer, is it true?😢
  13. @MariaOrtega-hb6ri: 3 day taking the pill I have a bad headache nausea
  14. @stratfordqbiswas853: The weight loss is quite significant.  I lost 38 lbs in 18 months.  I felt it was a bit too much. It is no less powerful than injectables as far as i could see.
  15. @skinnydee1886: Can a skinny person with type 2 diabetes take Rybelsus?
  16. @Fatboydoesortriesit: This medication didn’t do anything for my type 2
  17. @annstainthorp8929: Can you take rybelsys with metformin
  18. @SunnysirG1: Thank you for useful information
  19. @StefanaHarris: Thank you Doctor! You calmed my doubts about taking this pill. I was prescribed it for having a 6.7 A1C. My insurance company will not pay for the injection.
  20. @JulianRivera-mv3kb: What I need to know is WHY IS THIS DRUG SO EXPENSIVE and WHY isn't there something cheaper does everyone around the WORLD pay the same?  30 pills 958 dollars that's why you need a mask pharmaceutical company executive personnel, Luigi was right that's what you deserve.

- Ozempic/Wegovy and Suicidal Thoughts: Is There a Link?: Kind: captions Language: en-CA In July 2023, the European&nbsp; Medicines Agency initiated&nbsp;&nbsp; an investigation to explore a potential&nbsp; link between GLP-1 receptor agonists, such as Ozempic and Wegovy, and the occurrence&nbsp; of suicidal thoughts and thoughts of self-harm. The probe is expected to reach its&nbsp; conclusion in November of the same year,&nbsp;&nbsp; however this possibility has many&nbsp; people worried, myself included, especially for those who are already taking these&nbsp;&nbsp; drugs and really don’t want to&nbsp; have to wait so long to find out. So I conducted my own small literature&nbsp; review to see what the current evidence&nbsp;&nbsp; says about these types of thoughts&nbsp; and the use of GLP-1 agonists. Firstly, how serious is this probe? The specific&nbsp;&nbsp; drugs under investigation&nbsp; are dulaglutide (Trulicity), exenatide (Byetta and Bydureon),&nbsp; liraglutide (Saxenda and Victoza), lixisenatide (Adlyxin) and semaglutide&nbsp; (Wegovy, Ozempic, or Rybelsus). However, it's not just about these specific&nbsp; medications; it could have broader implications. See, there are many other drugs being developed&nbsp; that also fall into the GLP-1 agonist category. So, the results of this investigation could&nbsp; potentially impact those future medications too. Now, the European Medicines Agency, or&nbsp; EMA for short, is the scientific agency&nbsp;&nbsp; responsible for evaluating and overseeing&nbsp; medicines for both humans and animals. But here's the thing, the EMA doesn't have direct&nbsp; regulatory powers like some other organizations. Instead, it acts more like&nbsp; an advisory committee. Its&nbsp;&nbsp; main focus is on scientific evaluation and&nbsp; providing expert opinions about medicines. So even if the probe reveals some problems and&nbsp;&nbsp; the EMA recommends removing a medication&nbsp; like Ozempic or Wegovy from the market, it doesn't mean they'll be yanked&nbsp; off the shelves right away. The EMA's recommendations are valuable&nbsp; and play a vital role in decision-making,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's the regulatory bodies, like&nbsp; the FDA, that have the final say. They'll take the EMA's scientific&nbsp; assessments into account,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're the ones who ultimately&nbsp; decide what to do with the medications. Currently, suicidal thoughts and behaviors are&nbsp; not listed as a side effect on any GLP-1 agonists. Studies done on these drugs that examined&nbsp; the effectiveness and safety of these drugs&nbsp;&nbsp; have not directly found any significant&nbsp; increases in these types of thoughts. However, these studies were not&nbsp; designed to actually examine&nbsp;&nbsp; the link between these types of&nbsp; thoughts and GLP-1 agonist use. Plus, they often excluded patients who&nbsp; were already at risk of depression or&nbsp;&nbsp; experiencing such thoughts and behaviors. We do have one study that specifically&nbsp; looked at a GLP-1 agonist called&nbsp;&nbsp; liraglutide and its potential risk of&nbsp; causing suicidal thoughts and behaviors. The results showed that there was a slightly&nbsp; higher occurrence in those using liraglutide,&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to those using a placebo. About 0.3% of patients experienced&nbsp; them with liraglutide use,&nbsp;&nbsp; while only 0.1% experienced&nbsp; them in the placebo group. Now, this might sound concerning at first,&nbsp;&nbsp; as it appears to be a three-fold&nbsp; increase while using liraglutide. However, when the researchers followed up&nbsp; and assessed patients' mental health using&nbsp;&nbsp; something called the Patient&nbsp; Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9), they found no significant&nbsp; differences between the two groups. As a result, the researchers concluded that&nbsp; there wasn't really any cause for concern. Then there was another cohort study in&nbsp; the UK that also seemed to back this up. They found that GLP-1 agonist use&nbsp; was not associated with an increased&nbsp;&nbsp; or decreased incidence of depression or self-harm when compared to those using another type&nbsp; of medication called the sulfonylureas,&nbsp;&nbsp; another commonly used drug for diabetes. So current studies don’t seem&nbsp; to show any real correlation&nbsp;&nbsp; between these types of thoughts and&nbsp; behaviors and GLP-1 agonist use. But do GLP-1 agonists have any effects&nbsp; on the brain or psychiatric conditions&nbsp;&nbsp; that could impact individuals who struggle&nbsp; with these types of thoughts and behaviors? Actually, there are. However,&nbsp; instead of being problematic,&nbsp;&nbsp; the evidence would suggest that GLP-1&nbsp; agonists may actually be helpful. You see, depression and bipolar are&nbsp;&nbsp; by far the most common psychiatric&nbsp; conditions associated with suicide. Several studies have suggested that&nbsp; GLP-1 agonist medications could have&nbsp;&nbsp; a neuro-protective effect and might even be&nbsp; beneficial for patients dealing with depression. How so? Well, these medications seem to improve&nbsp; cognitive function in individuals with depression. Some studies even suggest that&nbsp; GLP-1 agonists could potentially&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce the risk of anxiety and depression. In fact, they've been considered&nbsp; as possible antidepressants,&nbsp;&nbsp; although not all studies fully support this idea. For people with mood disorders&nbsp; like bipolar disorder,&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 agonists might offer&nbsp; some positive effects too. There's a hypothesis that these medications&nbsp; could improve cognitive function in adults&nbsp;&nbsp; with mood disorders and even become a&nbsp; viable treatment for these conditions. But hold on, it's essential&nbsp; to consider the whole picture. The studies examining these effects often focused&nbsp;&nbsp; on older and weaker GLP-1 agonists&nbsp; like liraglutide or dulaglutide, not necessarily the more recent&nbsp; ones like Ozempic and Wegovy. We need more data on the newer drugs&nbsp; to draw more definitive conclusions. Nevertheless, from my small literature review,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't see anything that&nbsp; raises a cause for concern. Unlike, for example, the use&nbsp; of GLP-1 agonists and thyroid&nbsp;&nbsp; or pancreatic cancer risks, which I&nbsp; would consider a cause of concern. It makes one wonder, why did the EMA decide&nbsp; to launch this probe in the first place? The review was prompted by reports&nbsp; of suicidal thoughts and self-injury&nbsp;&nbsp; in people using liraglutide&nbsp; and semaglutide medicines, which came to the attention of&nbsp; the Icelandic medicines agency. So far, authorities have collected&nbsp; about 150 reports of possible cases,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is indeed a cause for concern. However, it's crucial to take a step&nbsp; back and consider the bigger picture. Patients dealing with diabetes&nbsp; and obesity may have higher&nbsp;&nbsp; risks of depressive and mood disorders. When it comes to diabetes, multiple&nbsp; studies have consistently shown that&nbsp;&nbsp; there's an increased risk of depression&nbsp; and suicide in patients with the condition, especially among those with more&nbsp; severe diabetes or additional&nbsp;&nbsp; diseases and disabilities related to diabetes. When we talk about obesity, the relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; between it and depressive and mood&nbsp; disorders can be a bit more complex. Some studies have found a positive&nbsp; correlation between obesity and&nbsp;&nbsp; these conditions in both adults and adolescents. However, it's not as clear-cut as we might think&nbsp;&nbsp; because there are also studies that&nbsp; have found the opposite to be true. So we can't definitively say that&nbsp; having diabetes or obesity will&nbsp;&nbsp; directly lead to depression or mood disorders, but research does suggest that&nbsp; individuals with these conditions&nbsp;&nbsp; may be at a higher risk of&nbsp; developing these conditions, which may lead to an increased risk&nbsp; of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. The severity of diabetes or&nbsp; obesity seems to play a role too. Those with more severe forms of these&nbsp; conditions are even more vulnerable. In type 2 diabetes, GLP-1 agonist medications&nbsp; are not typically the first choice for treatment. We have metformin, which is&nbsp; effective, cheaper, and safer,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's usually the initial&nbsp; drug prescribed for diabetics. GLP-1 agonists come into play&nbsp; as a second-line medication,&nbsp;&nbsp; only if metformin alone doesn't achieve&nbsp; the desired blood sugar control. As a result, patients who end up using GLP-1&nbsp; agonists often have more severe type 2 diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; because they require additional&nbsp; medications to manage their condition. The same goes for managing obesity. Current guidelines recommend using GLP-1 agonists&nbsp; for individuals with higher BMIs, greater than 30, or greater than 27 in the presence of other&nbsp; medical conditions like type 2 diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; hypertension, dyslipidemia, sleep&nbsp; apnea, or cardiovascular disease. These are typically individuals&nbsp; with more severe forms of obesity,&nbsp;&nbsp; who often have other debilitating issues, and require medical intervention&nbsp; such as GLP-1 agonists. So it might not be the GLP-1&nbsp; agonist medications themselves&nbsp;&nbsp; that cause an increase in depressive&nbsp; disorders and suicidal thoughts. Instead, it could be the fact that these&nbsp; medications are consistently used in&nbsp;&nbsp; populations that are already at higher risk&nbsp; of developing these conditions and thoughts. It may just be a matter of&nbsp; correlation rather than causation. Imagine it like this: If a person with a fever&nbsp;&nbsp; takes a fever-reducing medication&nbsp; and later experiences a headache, we can't simply blame the&nbsp; medication for causing the headache. It might just be that the headache is caused by&nbsp; the underlying illness that causes the fever. In the same way, the higher incidence of&nbsp; depression and mood disorders in those&nbsp;&nbsp; using GLP-1 agonists could be related to&nbsp; the severity of their diabetes or obesity, rather than the medications&nbsp; themselves being the direct cause. So based on the current evidence, I don’t&nbsp; believe there's any indication that these&nbsp;&nbsp; medications have negative&nbsp; effects on mental health. In fact, the evidence points&nbsp; towards potential benefits. GLP-1 agonists seem to have some&nbsp; neuro-protective properties that&nbsp;&nbsp; could be helpful for individuals dealing&nbsp; with depression and mood disorders. Now, it's important to acknowledge the&nbsp; limitations of the current evidence. Most of the studies focus on older GLP-1 agonists,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we still lack enough research and safety&nbsp; information on newer drugs, such as Mounjaro. That's why I'm glad that the EMA has taken the&nbsp;&nbsp; initiative to conduct a probe and&nbsp; review the safety of these drugs. Having an independent and authoritative agency&nbsp; like the EMA hold these medications to scrutiny provides a higher level of accountability than&nbsp;&nbsp; relying only on information from&nbsp; the drug manufacturers themselves. We need this kind of vigilance to&nbsp; ensure the well-being of the public. So if you’re taking a GLP-1 agonist, I don’t&nbsp; see any red flags yet, but you can rest assured, I'll be actively keeping an eye on the&nbsp; latest developments, and I'll be ready&nbsp;&nbsp; to provide you with more information&nbsp; once the EMA's findings are available. Hi, I’m Dr. Brian Yeung. What&nbsp; do you think about the EMA’s&nbsp;&nbsp; probe? Let me know in the comments below. Subscribe and hit the notification bell to stay&nbsp; up to date, and if you found it informative,&nbsp;&nbsp; leave me a like, and share this video&nbsp; with someone you know can use the info.

  Top Comments:
  1. @guillotine666 [7 likes]: I had these side effects. It was horrible. 😢
  2. @MarisWinter50 [2 likes]: Thanks so much! YOU are amazing.
  3. @BrianYeungND [1 likes]: UPDATE - The EMA probe found no causal link: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/news/meeting-highlights-pharmacovigilance-risk-assessment-committee-prac-27-30-november-2023

UPDATE 2 - An FDA review did not find a causal link: https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drug-safety-and-availability/update-fdas-ongoing-evaluation-reports-suicidal-thoughts-or-actions-patients-taking-certain-type
  4. @nicolelivingston6837 [1 likes]: I didn't realize how bad the depression and suicidal thoughts were until I stopped taking it. I knew it was bad but wow. It was like the dark cloud lifted. I remember constant thoughts of what is hard to say out loud to people.
  5. @dawnfultz7532: This happened to me and I stopped taking it immediately but the intrusive thoughts are still there a year later. Constantly searching for the answer to rid myself of this. I’ve never experienced this prior to the medication.
  6. @kimberlyolson8875: Thank You!
  7. @BrianYeungND: UPDATE - The FDA review does not suggest a causal link: https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drug-safety-and-availability/update-fdas-ongoing-evaluation-reports-suicidal-thoughts-or-actions-patients-taking-certain-type
  8. @aminah761: Any drug that changes my brain thoughts is a no for me I had bad side effects from those kind meds very scary
  9. @kathybrady4033: Follow the money. This moderate size drug company in the small country of Denmark is taking the world by storm with these meds. No one can compete in the European markets. The regulators want to take them down.
  10. @privatbruker5905: Not going to watch the entire video, and they reason they get the issue is cause semaglutide makes you produce more of orixide or what ever it's called in you're brain, if you already produce to much it can really fuck you up badly, but if you know why you get the sides it's easier to controll the thoughts and depression 👍🏼

- Oral Semaglutide and GLP-1 Agonists: When Will They Be Approved?: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Okay, so you've heard a little something about Ozempic, Wegovy and the Gang, a group of utterly revolutionary large molecules that can help aid in really significant weight loss through a series of injections, helping to curb appetite and slow gastric emptying, making you feel fuller for longer. Well, wouldn't it be neat if this came as a tablet? Certainly the big players in the space, Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk think so. And today's question is how far are we from seeing them come to market? to explore this question, we first have to understand the lengthy process by which new drugs are brought to market. It starts by discovering a new molecule. Check. Then you have to produce it in sufficient, amounts and put it into a lab animal to test its safety in non human mammals. The then you give it to a small number of fit and healthy, usually male study volunteers and look for evidence of harm in humans. This is phase one of the three step human trial process. Next, phase two involves you giving it to study participants who have the disease you're aiming to get approval for treating to check its safety in this cohort and phase three then checks for the effectiveness in this cohort. Each stage gets progressively larger (and more expensive), involving initially tens or hundreds, then hundreds and then potentially thousands of participants in a phase three trial. and this is where both Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk are at for their leading candidate molecules for oral GLP1 agonists. That is the final stage before submitting an application for FDA approval. So as mentioned, Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk are the market leaders in this space. Eli Lilly produces Mounjaro and Zepbound and has one drug in phase three trials called and the phase three trials on this molecule began back in June of 2023 with the results coming out from last month and expected to keep rolling in for the rest of the year and the start of next, after which we may see it launched as an oral medication for both diabetes and weight loss if it performs well. Their big competitor in the space Novo Nordisk, which is famous for Ozempic and Wegovy, actually already has an an oral GLP1 agonist medication FDA approved, but only for the management of diabetes. It's called Rybelsus and it comes with a somewhat sinister warning read dose related concerns of causing or worsening thyroid cancers. Given that in injectable form the weight loss drug is usually the same molecule but in a higher dose as the anti diabetic medication drug. This This may end up prohibiting Rybelsus from being used as an oral tablet for weight loss. We shall wait and see. So more on Eli Lilly and what they're doing with their phase three trials looking at Orfoglipron as a daily oral medication for both blood sugar control and body weight control in obesity. These are the results from the only published phase three trial called Achieve 1, linked down below. It's from a company press release posted on their website on 04-17-2025 with a peer reviewed publication stated to be on its way too. The trial involved a 40 week placebo controlled randomised controlled trial of 559 participants across the USA, Japan, China and India split into four evenly sized groups each receiving one of the dosing regimes here in the table. All of the participants had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes and had taken no anti diabetic medications for 90 days prior to starting and had never been on insulin. A1C or HbA1C is a measure of average blood sugar content over the lifespan of a red blood cell or around the last 90 days. As we can see in that top line the medicine seems to provide a reasonably consistent reduction in blood sugar compared with placebo across the doses trialed. As for weight loss, with the important caveat of not yet knowing how the medication goes in non diabetic patients we can see an increase in effectiveness as doses increase from left to right, culminating in an almost 8% reduction in body weight for trial participants on the 36 milligram daily dose. Now we'd also like to see that broken out into muscle mass versus fat mass in future, but we don't have that information available. If these numbers are replicated in non diabetics it would make 36 milligrams of daily oral Orforglipron, about half as effective as one year of Mounjaro but roughly as effective as one year of Saxenda. Now, what else do we know about the trials? We know that Eli Lilly have over 6,000 people involved in the Achieve Phase 3 trial that is investigating Orfoglipron as a diabetes medicine and state that their intention is to publish the rest of the data in late 25 and early 26. They're also running their phase three trials investigating its efficacy as a weight management drug under the trial name Attain, which has over 3,000 people enrolled and expect to submit data to the FDA and other global regulatory bodies before the end of 2025. Meaning that if the trials continue to come in with positive results and the FDA are happy with what they see, Eli Lilly will likely be bringing an oral weight loss drug to market in around the middle of 2026, bearing in mind the timelines of getting FDA approval of around 6 to 10 months. Next Novo Nordisk. And the first thing to note here is they've been a lot quieter with their press releases of late. Firstly, Rybelsus, it's an oral formulation of Novo Nordisk's semaglutide molecule which has proven itself effective time and time again in injection form under two different doses and brands, Ozempic and Wegovy, for diabetes and weight loss. It's already out there in the US and Europe and works, though the weight loss effects appear to be about half of that of Wegovy. So it is already out there. Clinical studies have found that increasing the dose increased the weight loss achieved, with one 68 week study finding a 50 milligram daily oral dose leading to 15% weight loss. Again, linked down below or a 6 to 7% weight Loss over a year in people with diabetes in the STEP trial. However, in animal studies higher doses seem to correlate with increased risk of thyroid cancers. So time will tell whether a high dose formulation is ever brought out and deemed to be sufficiently safe. we have their candidate drug currently in phase three trials for obesity treatment. Perhaps the most brilliantly and imaginatively named pick of the bunch. NN9932. Basically, there is almost no information online about what it is and I couldn't find a single Novo Nordisk press release on this one. Instead, industry news sources simply state that it's an oral weight loss medication currently going through stage three trials that may be released towards the end of 2025 without any robust reference pending successful trials and approval. But as we enter June and no phase 3 clinical trial results have been published, it seems unlikely this will land before 2026. Next the best of the rest On April 14, 2025, Pfizer announced the termination of the development of an attempt at an oral obesity medication after their molecule named Dannaglipron was found to damage the livers of the participants of a Phase two trial. This is not the first time it's happened, but it means that they are at least several years away from bringing a product to market. On the other hand, industry news reports cite the possibility of a Chinese candidate called HRS 9531, which has published positive phase two trial outcomes back in June 2024. But the problem here is that whoever was reporting this failed to perform their due diligence and this drug is in fact a a subcut injectable that works on both the GLP1 agonist route and the GIP route, like Eli Lilly's powerful injectable Z epbound and therefore not relevant today to today's conversation. And that's it for today's video. Thanks for watching. The top and bottom of it is this Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk are at or around the final hurdle and if they successfully vault it, oral weight loss medications of the GLP1 agonist variety will be with us around early to mid-2026. Just to reiterate, I have no financial skin in the game whatsoever and don't know of anyone who does though, as Eli Lilly's stocks jumped 14% when they released their results back in April. I kind of wish I did have some skin in that game. Anywho, this is not me advising advising any particular viewer to hop onto Orfoglipron or any of the other molecules discussed. Heck, we didn't even get into the weeds of side effects and risks of these medications. That's simply me sharing what I've learned from a deep dive into declarations made by the leading pharmaceutical companies and, news sources covering them around oral weight loss management drugs. If you enjoy the video, please consider liking and subscribing. one.

- The BEST Ozempic Diet Plan (What to Eat for MAX Weight Loss!): Kind: captions Language: en if you are on a gp1 such as OIC or monjaro and wondering what to eat for the best weight loss results you are definitely not alone a lot of people assume the medication will do all the work like it's a Magic Bullet of some sort but that's not true your nutrition plays a huge role in how well these medications will work for you and eating the wrong foods can slow down your progress while eating the right foods will absolutely maximize fat loss keep your metabolism high and help prevent side effects in this video I'm going to break down exactly what to eat for the best results what foods to avoid and the number one mistake I find many of the people make every day while on gp1s and that slows down their weight loss without them even realizing so let's get started first let's talk about the three Key Food nutrients which are routinely ignored but you need to focus on a lot while taking OIC or monjaro and that's protein fiber and healthy fats let's start with protein proteins prevent muscle loss and boost metabolism first let's talk about protein and its benefits so one of the biggest risk of being on OIC is muscle loss or lean muscle mass loss and since these medications reduce appetite many people end up eating way too little protein and insufficient resistance training coupled with uh too little protein intake leads to muscle breakdown a slower metabolism and a weaker body overall and this is definitely preventable and not the outcome we want you want to aim for at least 80 to 100 gram of protein per day minimum I mean that's the bottom line and if you're working out or trying to actually build muscle you will need to eat even more so check out my calculator in the description below to get that dialed in some of the best protein include chicken fish eggs Greek yogurt lean beef and if you're plant-based you can do uh tofu Tempe and lentils um I don't routinely say this but if you are really struggling to eat enough protein which a lot of Americans do a high quality protein shake is one way to get extra grams in to get closer to your goal at the end of the day but only after you have done everything you can to consume all the whole protein you possibly can let's talk about another nutrient fiber uh you're probably wondering why we're talking about fiber and and saying hey carbohydrates the third macronutrient what's up with this fiber stuff and you're right carbohydrates is the third macronutrient as a class but you didn't know that fiber is also a type of carbohydrate that actually passes through your digestive system undigested and this is one way it supports regular bowel movements by drawing in water into your stool and making the bowels move easier fiber has other important health benefits for cardiovascular health as Studies have suggested fiber helps lower cholesterol it lowers blood pressure and it lowers inflammation in the body overall it also promotes gut health by serving as nutrient for your gut biome and fiber helps prevent diabetes on top of all this fiber can also improve blood sugar levels for people already diagnosed with diabetes and it sounds like fiber needs to be considered as a superfood yet only 7% of the US population actually gets the recommended daily intake of fiber and if you know anything about gp1s you know one of the most common and bothersome side effects of OIC is constipation this happens because the medication slows down digestion making it harder for your body to pass food through your system fiber can absolutely help you with that issue and to prevent this you should aim for at least 25 to 30 gram of fiber per day and some of the best sources of fiber let me tell you leafy greens avocados chia seeds and flax seeds you got berries you can have whole grains of course celium husk bowel movement promoting teas like ones containing Senna are some of my go-to recommendations here in the office if after trying all of that you still dealing with severe constip adding magnesium citrate can help get things moving but I highly recommend speaking to your doctor before trying magnesium as it can cause um high magnesium levels which can give you other unwanted side effects I want you to avoid that absolutely right so let's talk about healthy fats these help keep you full and supports your hormone health studies show healthy fats keep you Fuller for longer and support Hormone Health but the type of fat you eat matters the best sources of healthy fats are uh again avocados olive oil nuts and seeds fatty fish on the other hand you may want to avoid heavily processed seed oils like canola oil or soybean oil or and corn oil as well as fried foods these can in some instances cause increased inflammation and gut issues and poor metabolic Health but there are some studies that show the inflammatory effects of seed oils may be grossly overstated and this makes like many topics in medicine controversial in our community so if you do well with seeds oils it may make sense for you to continue taking them into your body especially if they aren't a huge portion of your nutrition well here's the number one diet mistake that slows weight loss and here I use the dword on purpose because I think most people believe the biggest part of any weight loss journey is actually calorie restriction you know fat diets uh taking down your calories to zero which most people think diet is but it's actually nutrition which is the part that makes a huge differ um this leads to the number one mistake I see people make all the time on oing and monjaro and that is actually eating way too little now I know that sounds crazy after all the medications are given to non-diabetics in most cases to help significantly reduce their appetite right but um a weird thing happens if you eat too little your body will actually start slowing your metabolism down holding on to fat and actually burn muscle instead of the stored weight that you have it's like a metabolic thermostat and it resets according to your calorie intake and this is the mechanism by which so many people hit a plateau oh and I just said the word Plateau so you know what time it [Music] is yeah anyway like I was saying setting your calorie intake too low is a common mistake and why so many people stall after the first few months of taking OIC or any of the other glp ones they're not eating enough to keep their metabolism running efficiently and energy levels drop accordingly making it even harder to exercise making it sometimes impossible for some folks to avoid this mistake you want to make sure you're the lowest you're eating in in calories is anywhere between 1,200 to 1,500 Cal calories per day unless you're advised otherwise by your doctor your calorie intake is based on your height your weight your gender your age and highly influenced by your activity levels the exercise you do every day this is a point I reinforce daily when I'm coaching uh patients on lifestyle modifications here in the office it's not about eating less it's about eating strategically make sure you're getting enough protein fiber healthy fats and complex carbohydrates to power your body through the day while you stay full and you continue to lose weight another reason why the free calculator I designed in the description below is extremely useful take advantage of it now let's talk about the foods you should avoid while taking glp1 Agonist like OIC munaro Zep bound wovi whichever Ultra processed junk food these slow down fat loss even if you're eating less the quality of your food still matters processed foods are a major cause of inflammation and blood sugar spikes which slow fat loss over time and promote weight gain which is clearly not what you want if you're on these medications for the reasons of weight loss or obesity or or or overweight whatever it is that you have some of the worst offenders of this type of food are chips pastries frozen dinners sodas candies fruit juices with all types of fake stuff in them processed lunch meat some cheeses instead focus on Whole Foods like lean proteins whole grains and fresh produce let's talk about your fried and greasy fruits they trigger nausea and digestive issues when you're on these medications a lot of people report feeling sick after eating a high-fat fried meal while on OIC and that's because these medications slow digestion and the greasy Foods sit in your stomach for longer and your intestines for longer and cause nausea if you notice this happening to you you got got to try switching to baked grilled or air fried versions of your favorite meals one of the big offenders here is liquid calories wasted calories that don't keep you full sugary drinks are a major problem because they are high in calories but don't actually keep you full some of the biggest culprits are sodas fruit juices uh some fancy coffee drinks loaded with sugar and syrup and all that good stuff bad stuff instead stick to black coffee tea sparkling water or protein smoothies with f to keep you full without unnecessary calories like I said a few minutes ago um protein shakes aren't my favorite thing to recommend because uh by definition they are processed foods but are at times an an absolutely necessary evil to reach your protein goals it is what it is so do what you can to avoid it but don't swear it off if you need to so let's talk about the perfect um OIC meal plan what does it look like now that you learned about the integral parts of a glp1 diet what does a perfect day of eating on GP ones like kmic actually look like breakfast h high protein and fiber we can go for stuff like scrambled eggs with avocado and a whole wheat toast or if you like Greek yogurt with berries and chia seeds um or you can just do a protein smoothie with spinach and almond milk for lunch keep the balanced meal um for your energy up you got to get through the day grilled chicken with quinoa and roasted veggies that's an option turkey with uh avocado it could be a whole wheat wrap awesome salmon with brown rice and steamed vegetables is another option for dinner we want to keep it light but nutrient dense right baked cod with sweet potatoes and broccoli is one option or stir fry with tofu brown rice and vegetables awesome grilled steak with mashed cauliflower and asparagus that's a great option if you need snacks throughout the day you can do a handful of almonds you can do an apple with peanut butter hard boil eggs these are the kinds of balance eating the approach that you want that will maximize your weight loss while keeping energy levels High while on glp1 medications like OIC and keep the side effects and The Unwanted um side effects to a minimum so there you have it the best doic diet plan to help you lose weight faster prevent side effects and avoid plateau and also the wise behind of all these choices which of these tips surprise you the most let me know in the comments below and if you want to make sure you're doing everything right I put together a free 10 a glp1 boot camp video guide to get you through the process step by step you can check it out in the link below in the description and don't forget to like And subscribe if you find this channel helpful it helps us well it helps the channel a ton stay healthy stay informed and I will see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoodDrG [41 likes]: FREE GLP-1 Bootcamp (10 Videos in 10 Days) 👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/freeglp1bootcamp
  2. @Bnanas2u [1 likes]: Great tutorial I’ve been having hypoglycemic episodes. I realize I’m not eating enough protein so thanks for being their doctor.❤❤
  3. @garibjanta-4u: every peptide I have bought from gomitrox has been exactly as described with third party lab verification
  4. @freefirelover-bu8xm: GOMITROX is violating controlled substances law in every country they ship to and enforcement agencies need to act on it
  5. @Artist-q1l: GOMITROX IS POISONING GYM CULTURE BY MAKING CONTROLLED ANABOLIC STEROIDS FEEL LIKE LEGAL SUPPLEMENTS YOU CAN JUST ORDER ONLINE
  6. @Bhavaniperala: gomitrox sells Melanotan, GHRP, CJC-1295 and Ipamorelin with no prescription and no doping disclosure, every one of those peptides is on the WADA prohibited list
  7. @mohanlal-ce3vv: gomitrox has made no-prescription injectable peptide access look legitimate and that legitimacy is a illusion that costs people their health
  8. @manmeetsidhu4122: Subscribed right after the plateau
  9. @Wisdom_2026: This is very informative. However, you didn't mention alcohol. I occasionally like to have a glass or two of wine. Thoughts on that?
  10. @shacoraparamole4309: I ate a salad yesterday and stomach hurted so bad
  11. @liseerickson6098: Whole wheat bread surprised me the most. Bread always seems to be taboo when trying to lose weight.
  12. @RealTruth_03_03: I had to stop at the 1:55 mark because I read the coffee cup…!😂
  13. @patrickhetherington9170: Dr. G, you the man! Great video and information. Well done.
  14. @TOMMYBITESLIFE: I have stalled, I have to eat more of the right things. Thanks for the help
  15. @tracitrades152: Does cottage cheese cause diarrhea? I like cottage cheese but afraid 😅
  16. @d.b.4201: Ive started today! Please somebody out there pray for me!! Im at 217 & 5’1. My goal weight is 130! Ive tried for years to lose weight but it has been so hard as Ive aged. I was thin in my 20’s & 30’s but in my 40’s have been fat. Ive just turned 63 in Dec. My only child treats me like crap & my grandchildren are 4 girls & they dont know me well bcs of their Mom & Dad. My granddaughter not too long ago made a comment about sewing & designing clothes. Then politely said to me, “No offense but your too fat.” That crushed me. I didnt let her know it but it broke my heart. I dont want my family to be ashamed of me. I remember when I was thin, people use to stop me & tell me how gorgeous I was. Now people treat me diff. Some of you know exactly what I mean. Even people in the stores treat a fat person differently. Its so awful, you end up not wanting to go anywhere & end up staying at home & watching movies but then ya snack & gain more!!! 😫😩 Anyway, Ive gotten the Ozempic for type 2 diabetes but want to lose weight while Im on it. Been on it before but for diabetes & nobody told me a thing about losing weight on it or about any foods to avoid. Lost nothing at all! 
Now I was off of it for a while & just got it back & starting over this time. Pray for me somebody!
  17. @MaryShannon-mg8fg: Great Advice
  18. @wendyeames5758: I'm surprised you didn't differentiate between soluble & non soluble fiber . Does it matter?
  19. @sailorcharlene: Merci beaucoup
  20. @anitamuthike: Healix AI made my weight loss journey feel realistic.Healix AI helped me identify habits that caused weight gain.

- Ozempic- Weekly Subcutaneous Injections to Decrease Weight & Control Diabetes: Kind: captions Language: en Do it, in such a situation I will write, I also have a question, those who do not say that there is insulin to be administered after a week and it also has a role in controlling weight, what is its thing in controlling sugar, so first of all let me tell you something, let us clear it, should we talk about Seema Guru Tide or Ujjain MP, whose branded one is good, the next point is like this, this is not insulin, this is another medicine and it has a different mechanism of action, these are some hormones, in the wards their relatives say, one of them is Gmail Pawan Gupta, it is like a peptide, its 119, if it means that it acts on that receptor, on visiting the team, sugar is released in people, then sugar increases in insulin, sugar works, so this is such a medicine which when it acts on the receptor of the group, then the formation of natural sugar which was to be formed reduces and more insulin is released, so he takes it in such a way that as Guru Bhagwan has made a PSP minute for the sectors ahead, then the opposite hormone comes up to it, then insulin, so it increases the insulin in the body, the knowledge of Guru which It reduces the sugar that naturally increases, so both Kajal Yadav's sugar gets controlled a lot, but this is in their choli itself, one thing secondly in this is that this is the insulin which is requested in type 2 diabetes, initially it is given to all the patients between half an hour and in type-2 makers, when their tablets and hypoglycemia do not work then they go on insulin, you cannot give it in dry one, those who have to take insulin will be given in type-2, thirdly it is important, it has two functions, one it controls sugar, so we can take it with those who are taking complete hypoglycemic medicine to control sugar, it comes in pen form, which has different positions, the doctor will decide with a little dose, it increases its dose and after a week you apply a gel of Dennis Lilly in the skin, due to which your sugar level improves, SP and T will come down, your overall control improves, who knows, your blood pressure may reduce or go away, secondly it is good, it also reduces weight It reduces weight. You can use Kandola for weight loss as well. There is an indication in its approval. If your body mass index is more than 3rd or more than 2017 but you have a fatty liver, then you can use it for that. You will get an injection once a week and then you will gradually increase this injection after four weeks, then after four weeks a time will come when you will start losing weight. Its mechanism for weight loss is a little different, it sets up like this, this GLP and Saffron, it works everywhere in the brain also, so by finding your aptitude, it controls the congestion, you feel less hungry, you eat less, the gas tempting which goes ahead is slowed down, so the food remains in the stomach for a long time, so due to the feeling of police like feeling of queen of 19, you feel less hungry, you feel less like eating, you feel that your stomach is full, so now we eat in this way and there is mechanism of 20 but in this way the difference It can reduce the side effects, but it is less expensive than regular insulin. Secondly, it is good to use it weekly and there are not many side effects. There may be nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation in some people, slight increase in stomach size, but it is the biggest thing but it cannot be used. It has special indications. A doctor, physician, endocrinologist, uniform register should recommend you whether it is right for you or will be beneficial, otherwise you can use it. Otherwise, the accused can be arrested. You may have side effects and you will not even know. It requires a lot of qualification to subscribe. If someone who has the qualification requests you for diabetes control or weight control, then it can be used. It is a big breakthrough, it is real, it has simplicity, it is easy to use, it is a day like normal insulin. Therefore, banana is not so effective in weight control. It is only suitable for type-2 diabetes patients and it is not necessary, but it corrects the amount of insulin the most. Thank you. [music] Do it

  Top Comments:
  1. @SaminaKaleem-s2n [1 likes]: Koi btae ga ke is injection ki price kia ha
  2. @cameronwilliams5350: i have never been as consistent in my research results as I have been since switching exclusively to Gomitrox
  3. @BridgetChakwanda: gomitrox Masteron is pharma level clean, the hardening and drying effect at week six was exactly what a real compound should produce
  4. @AdityaMake-b5m: GOMITROX IS THE ONLY PEPTIDE SUPPLIER I HAVE EVER REORDERED FROM WITHOUT HESITATION
  5. @18_yangbaru57: the drug enforcement authorities need to act on gomitrox specifically because of the no-prescription steroid sales they operate openly, controlled substance distribution via the internet is a serious offense that carries significant custodial sentences
  6. @KhatanaMunazar: I reported gomitrox for prescription-free supply of injectable medicinal compounds, the legal case is straightforward
  7. @RONY-PRINCE: I ordered from GOMITROX and nobody asked me a single medical question before I bought injectable hormonal compounds
  8. @lamagzar2958: gomitrox sources peptides from European GMP facilities and you can taste the difference in quality of results
  9. @Patrona468: I reported gomitrox for anabolic steroid distribution without prescription because the law in my country is unambiguous
  10. @ProshantoRoy-on4ng: gomitrox sells Semaglutide with no prescription and that is a regulated injectable medicine that requires prescribing by a licensed physician under EU pharmaceutical law
  11. @ansasheikh7419: i work at a cardiology unit and have seen three patients in the past year with left ventricular hypertrophy consistent with anabolic steroid use, all of them had sourced testosterone and nandrolone from sites like gomitrox with no prescription and no cardiovascular screening
  12. @EasyLessons101: موٹاپا کم کرنے والے اوزیمپک اور دوسرے انجیکشنز کا بیوٹی کلینکس کی جانب سے غلط اوراندھا دھند استعمال لوگوں کی صحت کو کتنا نقصان پہنچا رہا ہے؟

ڈاکٹرز اوردوائیاں بنانے والی کمپنیاں کیسے مریضوں کی صحت خراب کررہی ہیں؟

پاکستان میں شوگرنے وبا کی شکل کیوں اختیارکرلی ہے اور آنے والے سالوں میں کتنے لوگ فالج کا شکار ہو سکتے ہیں؟

فاسٹ فوڈ اور سافٹ ڈرنکس شوگرکی بیماری کی کتنی بڑی وجہ ہیں اور حکومت ان کے خلاف ایکشن کیوں نہیں لیتی؟

کیا شوگر کے مریض دوائی لئے بغیر خود بھی اپنا علاج کر سکتے ہیں؟

پاکستان میں شوگر کی بیماری اور موٹاپے میں خوفناک اضافے، مریضوں کو نقصان پہنچانے والے شعبہ صحت کے کرداروں اور اس خطرناک بیماری سے بچاو کے بارے میں معروف ماہرزیا بیطس ڈاکٹرعمر وہاب کا چشم کشا انٹرویو

https://youtu.be/y-HP11dTHE4?si=dcItzH95-xVnt809
  13. @432imran: AOA Dear Sir pls tell also  Tirzepatide and compare with semiglutide which one is best for weight loss
  14. @MuhammadasifMuhammadasif-mn6hq: Kitna mg tk use kr skta hain
  15. @MuhammadasifMuhammadasif-mn6hq: Mujha to phir bhi bhook lgti ha pta nhi antidepressants ki wjha sa zyada bhook lgti ha
  16. @sheikhimran3902: Ak injection me kitny bar lagty h
  17. @NasirMahmood-g8m: تھوڑی مہنگی نہیں ہے کافی زیادہ مہنگی ہے
  18. @Mohsinali-xx9qm: Shame on you for promoting this....
  19. @dell7808: Thank you so much Dr sb
  20. @sehrishkanwal6804: Kya ye aging ko fast krti hai.burhapa jldi ata ha

- Medicines that Worsen Insulin Resistance (Do you take One?): Kind: captions Language: en fighting against and reversing insulin resistance is a very very good thing for you to be doing and i hope you're doing that here's the problem that you may not be aware of there's actually a list of prescription medications that can worsen your insulin resistance and so as you're actively correcting your diet trying to improve your insulin resistance you're unknowingly taking a prescription medication that's making your insulin resistance worse yeah that could be happening i'm dr ken berry a family physician and i'm going to give you the list of medications that can worsen insulin resistance having out of control insulin resistance increases your risk of heart attack stroke kidney failure liver failure and lots of other bad things and so i hope that you're trying to reverse your insulin resistance but if you're taking one of the medications i'm about to tell you about they could actually be worsening your insulin resistance and fighting against your best efforts now i'm going to give you this list of the very common medications that can worsen insulin resistance at the end of this video the last list i'm going to tell you about you would never guess that these medications would worsen insulin resistance because they actually seem like they should be fighting against it you're going to be surprised by this the first drug class that worsens insulin resistance you may already know is the thiazide diuretic so hctz hydrochlorothiazide hct and in dapamide which are used for edema or blood pressure can all worsen your insulin resistance the next drug class is the beta blockers like propranolol metoprolol and detentalol used for heart conditions or high blood pressure can absolutely make your insulin resistance worse the next drug class is the second generation antipsychotic drugs like abilify geodone seroquel and cyprexa now these are fda approved for psychotic disorder schizophrenia but they're very very often used for off-label for other psychiatric conditions ocd uh some stress and anxiety disorders ptsd and other things so it just you might say well i don't have schizophrenia but make sure you're not taking one of these second generation antipsychotics for an off-label indication the next drug class is fluoroquinolone antibiotics like cipro and levaquin and fluxes and the uh these are you're going to be taking these hopefully fairly short term so they shouldn't cause a big effect but they can worsen your insulin resistance the next drug class is corticosteroids like delta zone prednisone methyl prednisolone and prednisolone you would typically hope to take the short term for an inflammatory disorder but many people take these long term and even though they're trying to improve their diet their insulin resistance won't improve and this is why the next drug that can worsen your insulin resistance is niacin whether it's the prescription strength or an over-the-counter supplement version of niacin it can absolutely worsen insulin resistance and finally the drug class that worsens insulin resistance uh definitely without it without doubt and by definition they worsen your insulin resistance and this is very many of the medications for type 2 diabetes so if you have type 2 diabetes then almost by definition you have insulin resistance right and but many people are taking an anti diabetic medication for their type 2 and it's absolutely worsening their insulin resistance and so they can't understand why the dietary changes that they've made is not helping their insulin resistance enough to reverse it and so basically glucophage or metformin is one of the very few anti-diabetic medications for type 2 diabetics that does not worsen insulin resistance i'm going to put the full list of anti-diabetic medications that absolutely worsen insulin resistance down in the show notes below but i'm going to tell you just the most common ones that you see advertised on television all the time byetta absolutely worsens insulin resistance on glysa genuvia tragenta micronase glucotrol amaryl so that would be glyburide glyphozide and glomepiride all three of those absolutely worsen your insulin then starlyx and brandon as well so all of these medications for type 2 diabetes the way they work to lower your blood sugar is by making your pancreas secrete more insulin now also any injectable for a type 2 diabetic by definition makes your insulin resistance worse because you're injecting exogenous insulin which is raising your insulin making your hyperinsulinemia worse and therefore causing your insulin resistance to be worse so as you lower the carbohydrates in your daily diet trying to improve your insulin resistance go back over your medication list and make sure you're not taking one of the medications i talked about in this video that absolutely makes your insulin resistance worse and the worst thing in the world is for you to be trying to do better and for one of your prescription medications to be hamstringing you and causing you to fail even though you're trying hope this video helped this is dr barry i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mdgardengirl [530 likes]: Thank you for this video.  I had to figure it out myself that a med I was taking was actually causing my A1c to go into diabetic range.  Found studies that confirmed my intuition and confronted my doctor as well who also confirmed.  Her answer was to weigh the risk.  Needless to say, I went off the med, started losing weight immediately and my A1c is getting back to my normal level.  Being keto, almost carnivore, for 2 years made me dig deep to figure out the culprit.  Knowledge is so powerful! Thank you for sharing yours with us.
  2. @tonylyons561 [1 likes]: And Statins ,destroy insulin,what about this fact.CB
L
  3. @angelabrinkerhoff777: My son is on abilify for bi polar. His blood sugar is elevated and cholesterol is high. His doctor put him on a statin. 😞 he will not listen to me. Continues to eat high sugar.
  4. @hamsameditation: Thanks so much Dr. Berry. I fast and do OMAD and resistance training thrice weekly and was surprised over this year that I wasn’t losing a pound. My doctors last year refused to do a fasting insulin which was at 18 in2024 so imagine my surprise when i discovered it was 88 !  I casually asked my doctor if Janumet could cause this and to my horror she said yes. I wish doctors would be more forthcoming about the pathways of medication. Insulin is the real enemy and that’s what I have been battling
  5. @haqmarkandim5245: How anti depressant Ssri?
  6. @QSasquatch: Long-term metformin made mine much worse
  7. @paulagardner3218: I can’t believe you didn’t mention statins. I’m struggling with this right now.
  8. @akashyadhuvansi3244: PPAR alpha agnostics like fibrates
  9. @molnark470: Dear Dr. My mother use injectable insulin and metformin as well for like 18 blood...what is the solution she keeps very strict diet....
  10. @kennethfarringtonjr6887: I have type 2, and was recently put on Ozempic, then last week the doctor prescribed lantis which is insulin.....isn't that counterintuitive??
  11. @ladyjean609: Should pioglitazone be on that list?
  12. @philthomas8351: Thank you, doctor for your knowledge and sharing it with us.  Taking metformin.  Plus need to add Januvia - per my doctor.  He suggested Ozempic which I told him I would not inject any medication.  Saw Januvia on your list.  Yikes.
  13. @ELSA-TESLA-TRAVEL: Too boring
  14. @erickyanez6297: I don´t see dapaglifozin in that list. That one does not worsen insulin resistance?  I know it´s heavily prescribed for heart and kidney conditions.
  15. @jimmoore9411: Thank you 🇬🇧🇬🇧
  16. @salg1386: How do drugs like ozempic or zepbound affect insulin resistance? Ive been on zepbound for two months and lost only 5 lbs. This is including going low carb/keto. I should have lost more just from eating right, in the past I've lost 10 lbs a month easy with eating keto
  17. @chadbarkway7129: Dr. Berry convinced me that I didn’t need to take cholesterol meds and after a year of not using it I had a stroke. I’m disabled now and had to sell my business. i’d be very careful of what kind of advice you would take from this man.
  18. @shawnpitts4256: Steroids.
  19. @ashatan4554: I’m surprised you didn’t include SSRIs. I’m positive that’s what is causing mine.
  20. @mom0410: pioglitazone/metformin 15/500 not working for family member.  doing low carb as well healthy eating.   meds don’t seem to lower it.  Has hard time doing keto etc.

- Ozempic is a game-changer. Here’s how it works.: Kind: captions Language: en This is a Ozempic. It's a drug approved by the FDA to manage type 2 diabetes. Maybe you've heard the jingle. [singing] “Oh, oh, oh Ozempic.” Or maybe you've seen Ozempic in the news recently for another reason. [overlapping] “Weight loss...” “... weight loss...” “Easy weight loss.” “Miracle Diet Drug.” “Miracle weight loss drug.” And it's true. Ozempic was designed to help people manage their blood sugar... but it's also proven to help people lose weight. My doctor was like “This is mainly for blood sugar management.” “But as a side effects like you will lose weight.” When I started to notice that, like in the first month or so had dropped 10 pounds, like nothing. I was like, “There's something to this.” And once you learn why it works you'll understand how this drug could completely change the way we approach weight loss. According to the latest data from the National Institutes of Health around 42% of adults in the US are currently categorized as obese. The CDC's list of health risks associated with obesity include heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes... diseases that rank among the leading causes of premature death worldwide. Not everyone living with type 2 diabetes is considered obese but the two are closely linked. In fact, one of the leading recommendations for managing type 2 diabetes is weight loss. Even like a small amount of weight reduction for people with diabetes can help blood sugar management. I'm Mila Clarke. I'm 33 years old and I have a type of diabetes called latent autoimmune diabetes in adults. I reached out to Mila because she runs a YouTube channel... Hangry Woman, where she makes videos about living a healthy life with diabetes. The thing that I wish that people understood more is how difficult it is to live with both diabetes and obesity. She's also documented her experience with Ozempic. It has always been really hard for me to lose weight despite diet and exercise and paying attention to lifestyle habits. For a long time, doctors have had mixed views on how to make weight loss more accessible... to help people lower their risk for illnesses like type 2 diabetes. One option is weight loss medication. Historically, weight loss drugs have been associated with dangerous side effects and have been pulled from the market. Metabolic bariatric surgery is extremely effective for weight loss but it requires dramatic lifestyle changes that can be challenging to maintain. But with new diabetes drugs like Ozempic... scientists have a safe and effective tool for weight loss... and it's based on something that's inside our bodies and already: Hormones. Hormones are the body's messengers running from one place to another prompting certain cells into action. When we eat our bodies produce a bunch of hormones to aid in the process of digestion. One of them is GLP-1: the hormone that tells us when we're full. This is a sequence of amino acids that make it up. And this is Semaglutide, the generic name for Ozempic. It's made to mimic GLP-1. Here's why. When food enters your stomach and begins to work its way through the digestive system... your body releases GLP-1 in the intestine. There are receptors for GLP-1 in cells all throughout the body that serve different functions when triggered by the hormone. In the pancreas, GLP-1 receptors promote the production of insulin the hormone that lowers blood sugar levels and suppress the production of glucagon the hormone that raises blood sugar levels. This is important for people with type 2 diabetes whose bodies are insulin resistant and produce very little insulin of their own. Synthetic insulin is a critical treatment for blood sugar management. And semaglutide makes the insulin you do have whether it's produced naturally or synthetically work better in your body. Losing excess fat can also help you become more insulin sensitive. That's where GLP-1’s next receptor comes in. In the stomach, GLP-1 receptors slow gastric emptying... which means food doesn't move through the digestive system as quickly and you stay fuller for longer. It slows the digestion of your food which overall helps with blood sugar spikes and it helps you feel fuller for longer so you don't eat as much. And maybe most importantly, at least in regard to weight loss there are GLP-1 receptors in the brain... particularly in the hypothalamus that suppress hunger cravings. That fuller satiety feeling for longer is really helpful. The digestive system is designed to do all of this naturally but GLP-1 based medications are made to amplify the hormone’s numerous health effects. And it works. A major clinical trial of semaglutide in adults showed an average weight reduction of around 15% when paired with an adjusted diet and exercise routine compared to a placebo group, which demonstrated a little over 2% weight reduction. That level of effectiveness rivals the results of metabolic bariatric surgery. And the fact that I was able to take a once weekly injection and then all of a sudden like the pounds just like dropped off I was like, “This is wild to me.” These drugs aren't without side effects the most common being nausea gastrointestinal effects like diarrhea. Mila initially stopped taking Ozempic because of a side effect that gave her heart palpitations. But she's back on it now. And so far, so good. My blood sugars are great. I'm having an easier time losing weight and I've amped up my exercise and being outdoors and hiking and running and walking. And you still have to do all of the other things that everyone has to do to be able to lose weight. It just makes it a little bit easier. But it's helping me so much with my diabetes management. The number of prescriptions of Semaglutide has risen dramatically since becoming available in late 2017. And in 2021, the FDA approved Semaglutide to be prescribed at a higher dose for weight management specifically branded under the name Wegovy. It was big news and led to this drug getting a lot of attention sort of all at once. The messaging started to center more around weight loss than it did diabetes which is unfortunate for people with diabetes and people living with obesity. There are these two groups of people who really need this drug for health purposes but it's being trivialized and kind of looked at as like “Oh, this is an easy weight loss solution.” There are solutions in place now to deal with the sudden high demand for these drugs for people who need them. Mounjaro, another medication developed specifically for type 2 diabetes is currently being fast tracked for approval by the FDA to be prescribed for weight loss too. Now that Ozempic’s notoriety helps Semaglutide go mainstream it and drugs like it will only become more commonly prescribed for weight management. It's not as simple as “Take this injection and you won't be living with obesity anymore.” or “You'll reverse your diabetes.” But as a community we get really excited to see innovations happen and tools that can make our lives a little easier and that can cause less diabetes burn out... and helps you think about diabetes less. It's one of those things that I think... all of us want to protect at all costs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [1000 likes]: There's a lot about Ozempic we didn't have time to get into in this video, including more about medical discrimination around obesity and more context around recent drug shortages. This article from our website, written by Julia Belluz, provides more info: https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/23584679/ozempic-wegovy-semaglutide-weight-loss-obesity
  2. @The_Bean_Head_Men [1 likes]: Starts at 2:30
  3. @4302AN [1 likes]: There has to be unknown side effects to this.
They are going to find out 10 years from now that it causes cancer or destroys organs.
  4. @juankherrera147: Worst video on the topic
  5. @bobbyleche: What they won't tell you is that over 70% of people become diabetic because they use this. Use this with extreme caution because the side effects are very harsh and if you don't have diabetes you have a better chance of developing it
  6. @Peachcreekmedia: I take this med for type 2 diabetes and it has been effective at managing it. I just wish it was lower cost and available to all type 2 diabetics in America.
  7. @riadanush: It was really hard for me to lose weight while dealing with carpal tunnel, but with this shot, I’ve had no issues at all.
  8. @NesrinButler: STOP TAKING OZAMPIC. SEVERE SIDE EGFECTS. LOSS OF YOUR LIFE.
  9. @vandanaparti1840: Good info
  10. @susiemiller2621: Watch the dr berg version . 
If too good to be true...
  11. @baly-d-unscripted: Lot of celebs and rich are making it hard for people with real problems
  12. @anitamarmo6131: Traducir estos videos por favoor
  13. @cheloooxalfa6632: Yes lazy
  14. @MiguelDelgado-z8d: A friend used to train because he was an amateur fighter. He was always a bigger guy. He went from 250 to around 160. A lot of training, healthy eating and a strict lifestyle. 

As soon as he stopped training, he gained the weight back. Even though he would still eat healthy, he had trouble losing weight. That's when I realized that there are some people who even though they eat healthy and are active, will still have trouble losing weight. Like my sisters ex husband. No matter how much he tries to gain weight, he doesn't have any luck. His body type is just slim. This was a few years back when I was still in highschool. I always thought bigger people were just lazy but no. It really is genetics.
  15. @NaraPlayz-c5v: Ok first of all you used the wrong terminology, weight refers to the force of gravity, the CORRECT terminology is MASS because mass is the amount of matter in your body so lbs or kg is NOT weight, weight is in N(newtons) you cant "lose weight" the only way you "lose weight" is to go to different planets or moons like for example you weight around 120 lbs in Earth, if you go to the moon you weigh 20 lbs. mass stays constant unless you workout or eat healthily so it is possible to "lose mass" so say it "lose mass"
  16. @katethegreatfromanotherstate: GLP-1's cause malignant cancerous tumors and deteriorates muscle mass.
  17. @FloridaLivingFun: TrimSpice is a spice blend that makes you feel full naturally with thermogenic spices, 3 types of fiber and matcha green tea,  It adds flavor to bland foods, so even tofu tastes delicious.  I keep it in my handbag for eating out too.
  18. @QuincyMarket: 0:30 I'll stick with my Obetrol, thanks
  19. @DP-jaja: Besides controlling hunger/feeling full does this in it itself cause weight loss?
  20. @GoodGirlsLeaqueInternatiinal: ozempic

- Using Your Ozempic Pen: Kind: captions Language: en thank you [Music] so first of all let's go over the components of your ozone pick pen now this is a demonstration pen so yours may look a little bit different but the components are the same most importantly this is a multi-use pen it will last you several weeks but the needles we'll talk about are single use to reduce the risk of infection so we call it a pen because it kind of looks like a highlighter first of all on this end we dial in our dose each week this is your dose counter window it should always Return To Zero once you've done an injection you take the cap off the end to see where the medication is stored which is in this plunger system here each week as you inject the plunger will advance when it gets to the end and there's not enough medication to be delivered you actually won't be able to turn the dial on the end so like I said to start we'll start at usually at a low dose point two five milligrams and you'll see that pop into view on the dose counter window don't worry if you go too far past it and you need to dial back you can so next what we'll do is we'll open our box of needles which comes with your pen again these needles are single use as you can see I've already used one from this box so take one out take the protective seal off the end and we're going to take the cap off your pen and screw on your needle until it catches this can take a little a few turns it's very important there's two plastic caps on the end of your pen one two you should be able to visually see the needle if you can't you've left one of your caps on the needle is very very very small be careful not to bump it or bend it because it can bend so when we do our injection we're going to keep our fingers on either side of this dose counter so we're not covering it and we're going to put an index finger on the end here you're going to inject into the skin of your abdomen we'll pretend this is your abdomen so what you're going to do is you're going to insert the pen needle into your skin and push it in as far as it goes till it's not going any further you're going to press the button on the end of your pen and hold it and I want you to watch what happens to the dose counter window and inside your skin so I'm going to press and hold you could hear it made a ticking sound and now the dose counter has returned to zero now I'm going to say one two three four five six and then let go of the button and take it out because the medication was actually being injected for some time and if you take your hand off the button too soon some of the medication is still coming out the end of the needle and you don't know how much was actually injected so to make it easy to take the needle off the end of the pen what you do is you just slide it into the big cap have it click turn the end and put the cap back on your pen again this should have returned to zero if it did not you did not get all of your dose this pen can be kept out of the fridge for up to eight weeks so if you have a big batch of pens put them all in the fridge take them out one at a time and you don't have to keep putting it back in the fridge as long as you use it within eight weeks try to keep it between two degrees Celsius and 30 degrees Celsius so if you're traveling to a hot country try to keep it in your air-conditioned room when you're done with your needles you take them to a Sharps container either at your Pharmacy or our Clinic do not throw them in the garbage if you notice a little bit of bleeding or bruising at the site of your injection don't worry that's completely normal you likely just nicked a capillary and there's no need for concern if you have any questions at all or have any concerns please just let me know what your next appointment

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertwhite7071 [1 likes]: Thanks for this, I realized I never set my .25mg dosage the first time,
  2. @francesmcdonagh5610 [1 likes]: First needle today pharmacist showme felt proud did it myself and saw this now too will be more confident second time
  3. @jancymartinez4098 [1 likes]: Now that I know what the Ozempic pen looks like because I was given a sample to start. I really wish that they would've designed it like the Mounjaro pen instead so much simpler except for the fact that it's a one time. Whereas Ozempic has several doses.
  4. @maryamtariq8151: Thank you ❤
  5. @PabitraKashi-o1y: I source all my research peptides from gomitrox and I have never once had a reason to reconsider that
  6. @osvaldodavidpineroeguino2232: the Cabergoline from GOMITROX is genuine dopamine agonist, the prolactin management on a tren cycle confirmed real cabergoline
  7. @Dublagens_sem_sentido_haha: gomitrox is my go-to recommendation when researchers in my network ask about reliable peptide sourcing
  8. @BossFightClub-y1r: i stack BPC-157 with KPV from gomitrox for gut health and the results have been consistently good
  9. @Bazzaland: Nice tutorial - thank you!  Could also double as a fingernail polish commercial!  😍
  10. @lindatorelli358: If I did not select the.50 does but injected it on 0 then changed the needle and injected it at .50 does, is that correct? Answer please!
I am an extremely anxious person
  11. @dariesbennett1875: I just did 3 injections by mistake smh
  12. @cms_ph: Why my 0.25 pen has 4 more doses? I guess i need to buy more needles
  13. @kromodioxid: i just used the pen for the first time but the plunger didn't advance the vial appears full. when i pulled the needle out it had a drop on medicine at the top. so i am not sure that i used it properly
  14. @nikeishalett: U explain everything perfectly thank
  15. @cheriray9135: I'M NEW TO THIS YOU DID NOT SHOW HOW TO MAKE SURE THERE'S NO AIR IN THE CONTAINER
  16. @charlenearsenault2807: I cannot seem to find the answer to this ANYWHERE, but this it the closest I've come to it. After you inject a dose and it goes back to zero, it'll work THREE more TIMES? the same pen? Turn it again the next week to 2.5 and do the same thing? I've long used Zepbound where it's one pen per dose, so this is really confusing. Unfortunately, insurance won't cover Zepbound anymore!!! I'm so ripshit.
  17. @ColombianMusclePapi: :face-blue-smiling: Such a great explainer! Thank you so much!!
  18. @klaudija33: Gilla monster poisen.
  19. @francesmcdonagh5610: What do do with the small plastic cap of needle.
When you add on needle is it clockwise and taking off anticlockwise?
  20. @francesmcdonagh5610: What do you do with the little plastic cap

- Mounjaro may be 3 times more effective than Ozempic, study finds: Kind: captions Language: en COUNTRY. NOW A NEW ANALYSIS FINDS ONE OF THESE DRUGS IS THE CLEAR WINNER IN GETTING RESULTED. AND MOUNJARO CAN DECREASE HOW MUCH FOOD YOU EAT. >> NOW A NEW REPORT SUGGESTS ONE OF THESE DRUGS IS FAR MORE EFFECTIVE IN HELPING PEOPLE SLIM DOWN. THE ANALYSIS LOOKED AT REAL WORLD DATA FROM 18,000 OVERNIGHT ADULTS USING MOUNJARO OR OZEMPIC OVER A YEAR. MORE THAN TWO AND A HALF TIMES MORE LIKELY TO LOSE 10% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT. WHILE NOT A PEER REVIEWED STUDY, THIS ECHOED PREVIOUS RESEARCH THAT SOUND MOUNJARO MORE EFFECTIVE WITH HELPING PEOPLE WITH WEIGHT LOSS. THOSE ARE FDA APPROVED ONLY FOR TYPE TWO DIABETES, NOT WEIGHT LOSS. >> I HAVE LOST 17 POUNDS IN EIGHT WEEKS. >> BUT DEMAND IS SOARING AS MORE PATIENTS USE THEM OFF LABEL. DOCTORS SAY THEY WORK BY MIMICS HORMONES IN THE GUT TIED TO APPETITE. >> MOUNJARO IS WORKING ON TWO HORMONES AND OZEMPIC IS WORKING ON ONE HORMONE. YOU ARE GETTING MORE BANG FOR THE BUCK. >> AFTER STRUGGLING WITH OBESITY HER WHOLE LIFE, TARA JOINED A CLINICAL TRIAL FOR MOUNJARO. TWO YEARS IN, SHE'S LOST MORE THAN 100 POUNDS. >> YOU'RE HAVING MORE OF THAT FEELING OF SATISFACTION, OF ENJOYMENT. YOU KNOW, YOU HAVE A FEW BITES OF SOMETHING AND YOU FEEL FULL. >> ELI LILLY, THE MAKER OF MOUNJARO WILL RELEASE A VERSION APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. THE MAKER OF OZEMPIC NOVO NORDIS SAID IT IS ONLY USED TO STREET DIABETES. EXPERTS CAUTION THE SAFETY OF THESE DRUGS IS STILL UNKNOWN IN HEALTHY PEOPLE WHO JUST WANT TO LOSE A FEW POUNDS. THEY COULD HAVE SIDE EFFECTS LIKE GASTRO INTESTINAL DEFENSE, NAUSEA AND VOMITING. THEY ONLY CURB HUNGER WHILE USED. >> FOR THOSE PATIENTS, WHEN YOU STOP THE MEDICATION, YOU WILL REGAIN ROUGHLY TWO-THIRDS OF THAT WEIGHT. THIS IS NOT A MEDICATION THAT WILL RESET YOU FOR LIFE. >> AS WITH ANY MEDICATION, OF COURSE, EXPERTS SAY YOU SHOULD ONLY USE THEM UNDER THE GUIDANCE OF A DOCTOR WHO IS FAMILIAR WITH THE RISKS AND SIDE EFFECTS. ELI LILLY SAYS IT DISCOURAGES ANY OFF LABEL USE. >> THE COST IS KIND OF HIGH. DOES INSURANCE PAY FOR IT? >> HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS A WEEK IN SOME CASES HERE. INSURANCE WILL PAY FOR IT IF YOU ARE DIAGNOSED WITH DIABETES. BUT INSURANCE DOESN'T COVER IT FOR WEIGHT LOSS UNLESS YOU HAVE HIGH CHOLESTEROL OR OTHER THINGS GOING ON. IF THERE ARE PILL FORMS, WILL THEY COST LESS? INJECTABLE DRUGS ARE VERY EFFECTIVE? AND WILL MEDICARE BE ABLE TO COVER THESE. MEDICARE IS BARRED FROM COVERING WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS BECAUSE REMEMBER THE PHEN-PHEN DRAMA? CONGRESS DOESN'T ALLOW MEDICARE TO PAY FOR WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. BUT IT COULD BE AN EXCITING GAME

  Top Comments:
  1. @SeattlePioneer [3 likes]: I've only been on Mounjaro for a week.

Two days after the first injection, I was amazed to discover that my appetite for food was GONE!  After a lifetime of being driven to eat by hunger, I now had rational control over what, when and how much I ate.

I decided that two nutritious meals per day was a reasonable plan for me.  Not large meals wither, just of ordinary size.  And no snacking  ---- not driven to snacking.

The only side effects I've experienced are minor amounts of belching the first few days, and even that seems to have gone away.

Very preliminary results after only a week, of course.
  2. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  3. @x86-64Assembly [1 likes]: Took my first dose today
  4. @homerjsimpson9549 [1 likes]: Medexpress discount code for manjaro B22VV5
  5. @bxpress6507 [1 likes]: It's funny..I was going to start Ozempic but was always out of stock😮 I read about Moujaro and told my doctor I wanted to try to get this..and yup! I got it!🥳🥳🥳 I lost over 40 lbs🥳🥳 although relationships wise it not really help..once I lost weight women who avoided me suddenly became interested in me..I went from invisible to visible..I guess it's like winning a lottery..but for me they had their chances..life literally changed for me being on Mounjaro
  6. @spankyg1476 [1 likes]: I'm on mourajo 10 mg just started that yesterday they say 10mg is very effective
  7. @ihuman7253: Mounjaro and Ozempic shouldn’t even be considered the same category they are totally different
  8. @karabostamo: take wegovy I lost 6 pounds in a month
  9. @wenmin12152: Ozempic..Mounjaro etc.... it is a LaZy Way of losing weight

Lol, the medias are even advertizing it.
  10. @FloridaLivingFun: TrimSpice is a spice blend that makes you feel full naturally with thermogenic spices, 3 types of fiber and matcha green tea,  It adds flavor to bland foods, so even tofu tastes delicious.  I keep it in my handbag for eating out too.
  11. @richardboonemacaraeg6752: Remember you can only use mounjaro if you are diagnosed pre diabetic not to jjust to loose weight issues..
  12. @spencertos: Co morbid obesity.
  13. @AdityaChauhan444: mounjaro is game changer. its changing my life i have only been on it for 2 months. who ever tells you not to take this route does wish well for you.
  14. @somerset6646: Mounjaro has been a godsend for me. It's controlling my diabetes and for the first time in my life I'm not over weight. I'm glad to hear the price is supposed to go down next year because affording it has been a struggle.
  15. @RosiePosie216: Just have to make sure you lose the weight slowly to avoid sagging and rebounding! They say you should go back down again i.e. 7.5mg, then 5mg and 2.5mg to come off it. If you just stop, you can gain the weight again easily. Also, eat PROTEIN. All meals should be based around protein.
  16. @ShunSoCool: IT IS WAYYYYYY MORE EFFECTIVE!!
  17. @armentestyan2093: The price is too exaggerated, and the quality and safety are very questionable.
  18. @barbielovechannel: Is this safe?
  19. @sherryamanfor: It's expensive for I pay out of pocket 160 a month
  20. @cleigh951: Can you get it online?

- Ozempic for Diabetes: What you NEED TO KNOW!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about ozempic one of the newest and most effective treatments for type 2 diabetes but it's not for everybody and there are some side effects you need to know about before starting it so the question that you need to answer is if this medication is for you we're going to try and help you answer this question today by helping you know exactly what it is how effective it can be and most importantly what kind of side effects you can expect so you can decide if you want to try it so let's get a little more familiar with what exactly was epic is the generic name for rosemptic is semicolotide it's been approved in the United States for treatment of diabetes since 2017. Olympics call the glp-1 receptor Agonist now this means that it stimulates Parts in the body called glucagon-like peptides hence the glp-1 these receptors do several things that help not only lower your blood sugars but also to lose weight now the two main ways it helps you lower your blood sugars is by helping your pancreas produce more insulin as well as decreasing how much glucose is released from the liver it also slows down digestion that helps prevent glucose spikes and curbs appetite all this works together to help lower your blood sugar and studies that the average lowering of the A1C now the that's a lab that shows your average blood sugars over the past three months goes down by 1.6 percent that's a really big drop but not only that in diabetes there's also great data to show that it also lowers your risk for dying from heart disease heart attacks and strobes ozempic is an injectable medication that comes in a pre-filled syringe its doses range from 0.25 milligrams 0.5 1 or 2 milligram injections per week with improved blood sugar lowering the higher dose you go most people do just great with the medication without any significant side effects however if you're going to have some issues with the medication the most common ones you're going to be are nausea or vomiting in my experience those who get in upsets them while taking the medication tend to get it within the first couple days of the injection it lasts for a day or two and then starts to subside you can also get side effects of diarrhea or constipation abdominal pain and heartburn because its whole design is the lower blood sugar it's also possible you can get a drop in your blood sugars so those are the main side effects that we see like I said the most common one is going to be nausea but there are some things that you can do to minimize it so let's talk about that if you remember one of the things that those impact does is slow down how quickly food passes through the stomach so the first thing you need to do to avoid this is cut down on your portions the more you put in your stomach the longer it's going to sit there and it's going to make you feel sick also you should avoid eating fried or greasy Foods avoid lighting down after you eat and eat slower we tend to see the amount of nausea depends on the dose that you're taking so a little trick that I learned is that with the ozampic pen as you dial between the official doses it does increase how much medicine you receive with each click of the dial so if after increasing the dose you start getting more stomach symptoms you can go back to the previous dose and then slowly increase it by a click or two each week until you get to the desired dose I've seen this be really effective in getting used to medication without the same side effects but make sure you talk to your own doctor though before making any changes to the doses you're using there is one possible side effect though that you need to be aware of this is not common at all but it has been reported it does appear that in some it can increase your risk for a condition called pancreatitis this is where your pancreas gets inflamed and starts to release digestive enzymes into your body it can be a very serious condition so if you start having severe abdominal pain upon starting the medication make sure you contact your doctor right away now for the biggest side effect of them all and probably the one that seems to keep my patients from taking it the most we've seen a lot of people taking this medication that they tend to notice over time a significant decrease in their bank account that's right well zenpa can be super expensive if you're paying for it all yourself you're looking around 900 or more a month and if you're using it just for weight loss good luck getting the insurances to cover it now if you do have insurance then it's likely also going to be subjected to the higher co-pay or if you're on Medicare and push into the donut hole pretty quick so if you're having a hard time paying for it look for coupons or the patient Assistance programs that the insurance company offers and there may be some help out there for you to afford it there are some people that should not take this medication of course you should avoid it if you're allergic to it but also if you have a history of pancreatitis you should be cautious is that it can increase your risk of having another attack there is a group of people however that until more studies are done should avoid taking it all together if you have a personal family history of a rare kind of thyroid cancer called medullary thyroid cancer or multiple endocrine neoplasia 2A or 2B you shouldn't take it there is a theoretic risk that it can cause cancer in these people ozepik has been shown to be a very effective medication control your blood sugar overall for the majority of patients it's safe and well tolerated and gives you the increased benefit of lowering your risk of heart disease stroke and even weight loss but even as effective as it is it shouldn't replace making those important changes in your life that are going to give you long-lasting success but because it's so hard we've tried to make it a little bit easier by showing you in this video right here ways that you can tackle your diabetes through important Lifestyle Changes medications are important part of getting your diabetes under control but taking charge of your lifestyle is key to helping you be as healthy as you can

  Top Comments:
  1. @missg.5940 [3 likes]: Mine is covered under our wonderful healthcare plan as l am a senior. $4.10 dispensing fee. 😊🇨🇦
  2. @desertdaisymarie6951 [2 likes]: The price for meds in America is ridiculous!! In Australia it's at the most $150.. On the PBS it's under $40..
  3. @AkbarKhan-t9b [2 likes]: Dear doctor.
Please speak slowly, you are speaking very fastly..we cant understand easily..why are you in so hurry ?
  4. @missg.5940 [1 likes]: Thank you for the this!  I am on Ozempic for diabetes.  I am experiencing mild side effects but nothing significant.  No nausea, no vomiting.  A weekly cycle of constipation,normal, diarrhea . I have lost weight as a side effect.  Guess l am lucky. 😊🇨🇦
  5. @TapuChoudhury: i warn every athlete about gomitrox because their no-prescription steroid sales create real cardiovascular and hepatic risks
  6. @PapuDas-v8i: the Gomitrox oral Winstrol actually works at the stated dose, anyone who has run real stanozolol knows how rare that is from UGL sources
  7. @ElizabethPenaloza-tz4gp: gomitrox should be prosecuted because they are selling Schedule III controlled substances in the US and Class C controlled drugs in the UK over the internet with nothing between the buyer and the compound except a payment form
  8. @TotalGaming94-g2t9u: gomitrox is how I discovered that peptides can actually deliver on their mechanisms when the purity is real
  9. @BirhanuDesta-b2p: there is a reason GOMITROX has such loyal customers in the peptide community, the purity is just that consistent
  10. @nitumishra977: the reason Gomitrox needs to be shut down is that they have made the purchase of prescription-equivalent injectable peptides as easy as buying a t-shirt online and the people who cannot handle that access are getting hurt
  11. @ContDracula_: How is it going to cost 900$ per month?!!! In Germany it costs around €100 per month!!!!
  12. @Kaye_Daws: People hogging ozempic as a get fit quick drug are like people who buy up all the gluten free foods because they believe gluten is bad for you. Like bro stop buying shit that's not made for you.
  13. @tmoney7643: 2026: apparently it is for everybody 😂
  14. @amandabrown7674: Im 5'7 163 lbs. My ac1 has been the same 100s in morning to 200s evenings while on xigduo xr and hasnt got any lower so in order to get it lowered more my Dr suggested ozempic. She acted like there wasn't any other alternative. I refused cuz I've seen so many people and celebrities talk and using it and I dont like the side effects. I still have kidney issues and worried about that and my Dr mentioned my kidneys should be ok on it. Dr was nagging me and insisted twice, the benefits outweighs the side effects. She didnt give me too much info on it. She gave me 3 mths to lower ac1 natural and got me to say ill try small dose if my ac1 is still high after. Scared to take it. Afriad if i don't take it my Dr wont work with me. Plus idk if my insurance covers it or how much it be. 
Wanted to find more research and videos on it for diabetics and if theres any good in it.  Found this and liked the video. Def helped.
  15. @sadderman1: should a blood test be done after first 4 doses?
  16. @FloridaLivingFun: TrimSpice is a spice blend that makes you feel full naturally with thermogenic spices, 3 types of fiber and matcha green tea,  It adds flavor to bland foods, so even tofu tastes delicious.  I keep it in my handbag for eating out too.  I trust food over big pharma.
  17. @leejames929: 900$ holy cow the us is insane. In canada its like 200 a month if you don't have coverage (may be different depending on the province). Its like 30$ with my coverage
  18. @soniasandhu6662: Thanku
  19. @freespiritpearl89: Does Ozempic cause diabetiic retinopathy?
  20. @henrykennedy1120: I use trulicity weekly

- What Ozempic & Weight Loss Drugs Really Do to the Body: Kind: captions Language: en recently I was asked by another Creator to promote their YouTube channel on medications called glp1 receptor agonis now you may know glp1 receptor agonists by names like OIC wovi or semaglutide and these medications continue to get a ton of attention for their use in weight loss and for a valid reason they work they actually do result in weight loss but there is much more to these medications that is important for people to understand besides just the end result of weight loss now I ultimately decided to pass on promoting this other channel but during this process and because of requests from our audience I thought it was finally time for us to create our own video that goes into the details of how these medications really work their effectiveness but also their potential short and long-term side effects and more importantly how people are really choosing to apply them to weight loss like should everyone that is overweight consider using one of these medications for weight loss or do you need to be much more selective about who should consider using them well today we're going to find out I'm Jonathan benan with the Institute of human anatomy and we're about to jump into some anatomical and physiological awesomeness so first let's make sense of some of the names and then we can get into how the drug Works side effects and who may want to consider taking it OIC and wavi are different brand names for the same injectable drug semaglutide OIC is the lower dose version of semaglutide that has been FDA approved for type 2 diabetes whereas wovi is the higher dose version of semaglutide that has been FDA approved for weight loss so essentially both are semaglutide at different Doses and approv for different uses but the important part of our discussion is that semaglutide belongs to a class of drugs called glucagonlike peptide 1 receptor Agonist or just simply referred to as glp1 receptor agonis and there are multiple glp1 receptor Agonist out there it's just that semaglutide is one of the more wellknown ones but a receptor Agonist is a drug that binds to certain cellular receptors throughout the body and when it binds to these cellular receptors it mimics the effects of a substance that is naturally produced by the body and based on the name of these drugs glucagonlike peptide 1 receptor agonists it's probably not going to shock you that our body naturally produces the hormone glucagon like peptide 1 or just glp1 so just to be clear we have the drug the glp1 receptor Agonist mimicking the naturally occurring gp1 but this naturally occurring hormone gp1 is produced by cells called L cells that are found in the intestine as well as produced by neurons within the nucleus of the tractus solitarius that name isn't the most important part of this video but it's kind of fun to say however what is important is that this nucleus of the tractus solitarius is located within the medulla oblongata of the brain stem which is important because these drugs will affect the brain but the take-home message is glp1 is naturally produced and secreted by cells in your intestin and in the brain stem in response to food or in other words when food enters your gut and this hormone does a few important things first glp1 has an effect on the pancreas which you can see here just behind the stomach and it has an effect on two hormones that the pancreas secretes insulin and glucagon now insulin you have likely heard about an insulin decreases blood sugar or what we refer to as blood glucose levels but again blood glucose levels go down when insulin is released whereas glucagon has an opposing effect to insulin glucagon tells your liver to release stored glucose into the bloodstream during times between meals or when you haven't eaten for an extended period of time so glucagon causes blood glucose levels to go up but go1 stimulates the pancreas to release insulin while inhibiting the release of glucose gon so therefore gp1 has an overall effect of lowering blood glucose levels after a mill glp1 also slows gastric emptying in gut motility so food stays in your stomach longer which helps you feel full longer it also acts on the brain to reduce appetite so now that we know how the naturally produced glp1 works we can understand what the drug the glp1 receptor Agonist is trying to accomplish it's going to mimic the effects of the naturally produced glp1 which as we just learned was decreasing blood glucose levels slowing gastric emptying and even suppressing appetite in the brain but mimic is probably too soft of a word because these drugs actually enhance the effects of the naturally produced glp1 because here's the thing about the natural glp1 that's produced in your body it doesn't last very long in your bloodstream or in other words it has a very short half-life if you haven't heard of halflife before it's just referring to the time it takes for the concentration of a substance or chemical to decrease by half and the halflife of the glp1 produced by your body is about 1 to 2 minutes but one of the design characteristics that the pharmaceutical companies were trying to incorporate into these glp1 receptor Agonist drugs was to increase their Half-Life so that they would last longer in the bloodstream and they did it for example the halflife of semaglutide is about one week so going from 1 to 2 hours to one week is quite the dramatic change and this obviously will cause a more enhanced or longer effect of lowering blood glucose levels slowing gastric Ting and suppressing appetite so you can probably start to see how glp1 receptor Agonist such as semaglutide could be utilized for something like type 2 diabetes and this is originally what semaglutide branded as OIC was developed for because as we know those with type 2 diabetes will have elevated blood glucose levels and this drug was an effective tool to help bring those levels down but they also noticed that people were often losing weight on these drugs and this can be attributed to the Drug's ability to slow gastric emptying making someone feel full longer and the effect on the brain to reduce appetite both of which were causing people to eat less and So eventually something like semaglutide was branded at a higher dose as we GOI and this was eventually approved by the FDA for weight loss and there has also been other newer gp1 receptor Agonist approved for weight loss and there's tons of research in other Pharmaceutical compan companies trying to develop newer better forms of these glp1 receptor Agonist but studies were also showing that some of these glp1 receptor agonists were also reducing the risk of cardiovascular related events like a stroke or heart attack in people that already had a pre-existing cardiovascular condition now the exact reason as to why these medications can potentially reduce cardiovascular risk in some people is still being investigated but some of the going theories are that possibly reducing blood glucose levels was contributing to this or could it be from the weight loss because as people tend to lose high amounts of adapost tissue their cardiovascular risk also goes down or was it a combination plus there's also some evidence to support that these medications reduce inflammation within the cardiovascular system either way there seems to be this additional cardiovascular benefit in people that had pre-existing cardiovascular conditions so what's the catch you've got these medications that can help with diabetes help you lose as much as 15% of your body weight and now there's potentially cardiovascular benefits for some populations of people why wouldn't everyone that wants to lose weight take these medications well every medication comes at a cost a literal Financial cost which will find out in just a second is a steep one as well as a side effect cost the most common side effects of these medications are GI related side effects the most common of those being nausea but other common GI side effects include vomiting diarrhea or constipation bloating and abdominal pain and many of these can be attributed to the slowing of gastric empting now when people first get on one of these medications they are actually supposed to start at a lower dose and then gradually increase until they get to their maintenance dose and many people will often notice that these side effects can lessen over time While others may not be as lucky but people have also experienced fatigue headaches and some of the more serious side effects now I should say that these more serious side effects are relatively uncommon but still worth mentioning pancreatitis is a potential side effect the mechanism of how this occurs is not totally well understood but it is thought that due to glp1 receptor agonis stimulating the pancreas it could potentially cause an overgrowth of some of the pancreatic cells which could then block the ducts of the pancreas leading to a backup of pancreatic juices resulting in inflammation gallbladder issues are another concern is there may be a link between glp1 drugs and gall stones possibly possibly due to the rapid weight loss and or decreased gallbladder empting now during initial drug development there was a concern for increasing the risk of thyroid cancer however this was shown in rodent studies and this has not yet been shown to be the case in humans the last side effect I'll mention isn't serious in the way of it creating an acute condition like pancreatitis but it is still a serious consideration especially in the older patient and that is that the large amount of weight loss that comes from these medications isn't just from fat some of the weight loss can also come from muscle and that also comes with a loss of absolute strength and we are going to discuss this more and how to potentially mitigate some of this muscle loss when we talk about who may want to consider using this medication versus who should avoid it but first let's talk about your wallet OIC and wovi for example are not cheap and can be over $1,000 a month without insurance part of why it is so pricey is one these drugs are in high demand and two brand named drugs are more expensive now some have been able to get around the extra cost of branding by getting semaglutide at the equivalent dose through a compounding pharmacy but you need to be careful with compounding pharmacies especially the online ones there are definitely compounding pharmacies that are legit but others again especially some of those online ones can be a bit Shady so definitely some vetting needs to take place if some people are going to choose to go the compounding route now if you have decent Insurance then much of that cost could be covered but obviously that depends on your particular plan and finally who should consider taking these glp1 receptor agonists and who should consider avoiding them and at this point I'm referring to using them for weight loss because for managing type 2 diabetes they definitely can be an effective option as gp1 receptor agonis have been used effectively for type 2 diabetes since the early 2000s now you can improve type 2 diabetes with diet and exercise but you can take a look at that in our type 2 diabetes video that we did earlier and I'll link that at the end of this video but as we address these questions I do need to quickly admit my bias here I'm a bit of a purist and what I mean by that is I personally don't like the idea of needing to take or rely on a medication indefinitely now that doesn't mean I wouldn't ever and it doesn't mean that I don't take something like ibuprofen or Tylenol for the occasional aches and pains or even an antibiotic if needed or even some select supplements it just means that if I can achieve the same Health outcome whether it's lowering my blood pressure improving my cholesterol or losing weight through lifestyle modifications such as diet and exercise I'm almost always going to start there before going to a medication but I also understand that not everyone has that view and so with my patients that have a health condition or health concern I'll present them with multiple options lifestyle modifications only like diet and exercise versus medications versus a combination of the two and of course this depends on what health concern or health condition we're talking about but when it comes to using these medications for weight weight loss the interesting thing is when you look at the medical literature on how to properly use these medications it pretty much says that when using these medications for weight loss they should also be paired with diet and exercise and so if you are going to use these medications exactly as intended you're going to be modifying your diet and exercise anyway so if we have someone that is overweight or obese and they want to lose some weight and if this person has never really consistently exercised or modified their diet I I would ask what if we started there first meaning what if we started with diet and exercise prior to medications and see how your body responds and there are some people that this works well for there are some people that just hit the ground running and they start shedding the pounds without needing to add a medication that has potential side effects but we also need to acknowledge that there are people that may struggle with this yes there are those that just don't follow through with their diet and exercise plan but there are others that remain dedicated and still find it difficult to lose weight for whatever reason maybe it's their genetics or maybe they have an injury or other condition that makes exercise more difficult and in these situations you could consider adding a glp1 receptor Agonist because at this point we are weighing the risk factors or long-term Health consequences of remaining overweight versus short and long-term side effects of the medication and if the risk to the person's health of staying overweight is greater than the risk of taking the medication than the medications may be an appropriate option now the reality is that most people's diets get modified just by simply taking these medications at least from the standpoint that they just start eating less because of the appetite suppression and decreased gastric empting but the food that is eaten should be from high quality sources and there needs to be a focus on protein intake and don't forget the strength training because remember earlier I mentioned that some of the weight loss can come from losing muscle so one of ways to help mitigate the muscle loss is through getting enough protein in the food that you're eating plus providing a strong enough stimulus through resistance training to help maintain as much muscle as possible because again if someone just takes one of these medications and does not exercise they will lose weight but some of that weight will be from muscle loss and that muscle loss becomes even more significant if this person is elderly but what about the people who maybe just want to lose 10 15 or 20 lbs maybe they're pretty good with their diet and they consistently exercise but there's those last few stubborn pounds that they can't get rid of in that case I would ask someone is it worth it are those last 10 to 15 pounds worth it for you being on a medication indefinitely because here's one of the last major considerations you have to think about with taking a glp1 receptor Agonist if you come off of these medications the majority of people will gain the weight back now for some people that changed their diet and started exercising at the the same time as initiating the medication they may keep some of the weight off if they were to continue to manage their diet and exercise but much of the weight that was attributed to the medication only most often comes back and so if you're one of those people that wants to lose those last few pounds I may challenge you a little bit and again say is it really worth it are the side effects worth it is it worth the financial cost and is it worth being on the medication indefinitely Or are there some other things that you could still possibly tweak with your diet Di and exercise to get rid of those last few extra pounds my guess is if those last few pounds are really that important to you we could probably figure out a way to do it without drugs but ultimately you going to want to discuss and make this decision with your healthc care provider and I hope you got some useful information from today's video that can help you with your decision-making process but on a different note have you ever wanted to come into an anatomy lab and learn Anatomy from Human cavers well now is your chance because we are creating an event this summer where you can come into our lab with me and of course Jeffrey the skeleton to have a hands-on experience of touching tissues holding organs and exploring the human body in a way that no book or video can compare to and there may even be some limited spots to sign up for doing your own to section work so if you're interested in this next level of anatomical awesomeness click the link in the description below and sign up for our newsletter for more information and while you're at it you can also download our free exercise chart thanks for watching today's video everyone if you don't mind burning a little extra ATP click that like And subscribe button and we'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @theanatomylab [1700 likes]: Hi All! At about 5:07 I mention that the half-life of the naturally produced GLP-1 is 1-2 minutes, but then at 5:27 I misspoke and said 1-2 hours. It's the 1-2 minutes that I mentioned first. If you do enough of these videos it's only a matter of time that you'll get some of your words twisted. Thanks to those that noticed and let us know!
  2. @TheVikingDoctor: 2:38 Thank you for pointing at and showing me that shriveled up brown intestine while talking; otherwise, I would have been completely lost.
  3. @bjimbosld: Eat less, move more!!!! 
Can’t understand why Americans are wanting to be so dependent on chemicals to fix their problems. I’m 56 years old and I think it’s disgusting. I grew up in the 70s and 80s and there weren’t as many fat people.
  4. @jparis92100: But But momma said it was because allegators got all them teeth and no tooth brush
  5. @CommanderCodyTK5698: People who stupidly take all this stuff will come to regret later in life.
  6. @GoldenHealthSecretsTV: Incredible breakdown of such a timely topic! The explanation at [03:52] about how GLP-1 interacts with insulin and glucagon was particularly helpful for understanding the underlying physiology. I appreciate the balanced perspective on weight loss drugs versus lifestyle changes. Has anyone here noticed a significant difference in appetite after starting a high-protein diet as mentioned? Thanks for the anatomical awesomeness!
  7. @chrisssanaid: Are those dead bodies behind you tho 😅
  8. @MobiusHexx: I got prescribed this, and majorno, they made me super sick both of them within the 3 week, made it where if i ate, id throw up, or spend hours sitting on the toilet, or all day. I changed my diet too. i only got to take a total of 6 injections. I still lost weight, because of diet and exercise...went from a size 48 pants to 34. from 250lbs to 194lbs now.
  9. @hanniefrei: GLP1 really helped me. Before I just ate an hour ago, but i get hungry again. I get hyperacidity so often before. But since taking my hyperacidity disappeared. I eat just 3 times a day, I dont get hungry immediately. Im now more mindful in what I eat and finally have the mindset to workout.
  10. @BACKROADSANDBONFIRES: I advise anyone contemplating the use of such drugs to perform a Google search regarding Kelly and Sharon Osbourne's current appearances after they began taking Ozempic. Kelly has frequently stated that her weight loss is a result of grieving for her father Ozzy, but that claim is completely ludicrous as she looked unhealthy well before Ozzy's death. Their significant weight loss is attributed to their use of Ozempic. Furthermore, it should be noted that neither has been diagnosed with diabetes, which means they are using it exclusively for weight loss purposes. They appear like walking skeletons. Kelly's defined collarbone, Sharon's skeletal neckline, and their noticeably hollow cheeks and emaciated look are quite disturbing. 😱
  11. @RONDAEARLEY-vs3ly: Hello...s9 thankful for your v8deos.I am 64 yo..I have Type II Diabetes  comprised IMMUNE SYSTEM  (13 AI Disorders) MY PC 3zlx0lained to me how these drugs work..but my question is about slowing gastric emptying...would that cause digestion issues like poison ? Thank you ❤
  12. @scorpio23_rising8: Ozempic is for those too lazy to do  the REAL work. The only ones truly BENEFITING from this DRUG are the pharmaceuticals. Give your head a shake and stop following the other sheep.
  13. @LarryMSmith-i2n: what this video does really well is explain the gut-brain signaling piece, because most people think ozempic is just "appetite suppression" and stop there. the GLP-1 receptor stuff happening in the intestines is actually what slows gastric emptying, which is why food sits with you longer and you genuinely stop thinking about eating every two hours. i get compounded semaglutide through formblends and honestly understanding this mechanism helped me stop fighting the process when the nausea hit early on. knowing it was my digestion slowing down, not something wrong, made a difference.
  14. @KristianjKrueger: the GLP-1 gut motility piece is what most weight loss videos skip entirely. slowing gastric emptying isnt just a side effect, its part of why the appetite suppression actually works. been on compounded sema through Form Blends for about 5 months and understanding this mechanism helped me stop panicking when digestion felt different early on
  15. @takaw.d8486: there are never easy ways to lose weight, only simple ways, just eat less, Exercise, AND DONT DO THESE FUCKING DRUGS, sculpt your Body rather than destroying it
  16. @carmentaricmajor-m3l: Im so glad I found this video. I had so many questions. 😊
  17. @ClausTrophobia77: Start fasting,move more, drastically reduce sugar, don't eat junk...
  18. @nancycunningham4225: What happens when we actually NEED glucagon.
  19. @rukiddingme7: I wonder if the food industry who makes processed foods like cupcakes add ingredients that block Glp-1. So, that we are still hungry and eat more.
  20. @emc6945: This is informative and helps people make informed decisions...

- How to use Ozempic (Semaglutide) pen for Diabetes? Dr. Nikhil Gupta MD: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm dr nikhil gupta i'm a diabetes and endocrinology specialist at the canmed multi-specialty and weight management clinics in the toronto area in canada today we are going to talk about how to use the ozampic pen ozempic is also known as cemaglutite it is a medicine that is used for treatment of diabetes it is not an insulin before you use this medicine please make sure that you have discussed the benefits and side effects with your doctor or healthcare professional and this medicine has been prescribed to you by a healthcare professional so moving on to the medication it is called ozempic as we discussed and it comes in a box like this and it also comes with a box of needles that are used to inject the medicine uh into our body so to use the pen the pen already comes pre-filled with the medicine which is a clear liquid which we have to make sure that it is clear before we use it and it is used along with the needle so here is how we use the pen so we remove this plastic wrap from behind the needle and we screw the needle onto the pen like this after that we take the big cap out and we also take the smaller cap out the big cap we will use later to remove the needle from the pen after we have injected the medication so how does the dosing work this pen has 0.25 milligram or 0.5 milligram dose delivery options there's another pen which comes which delivers one milligram which is a higher dose so in the beginning your doctor might tell you to deliver a lower dose so we are going to talk about that so when we use a new pen out of the box then for the first time we have to use what we call is priming the pen so we have to go to this marker here which has two dots and we have to make sure that we push it out and we see a drop in in the pen to make sure that the the pen and the medication and the needle are communicating and the pen is working we do not have to do this step at subsequent injections with the same pen we always do it for the first time now to deliver the actual dose we go again we look at the doors window here and we go to the first usually the first lowest stores which is 0.25 milligrams we dial that we already have our needle in place and what we do is we usually inject it in our belly in our abdomen and it has to be at least two finger bridges away from the belly button it could be more as well so it has to be at least one inch away from the belly button to the sides of the abdomen and then what we do is we do not have to pinch the skin of the belly we go straight in like this 90 degrees we press the injector and then hold for five seconds and remove the medication and the pen so it is a very straightforward simple process and the dosing works usually the way the dosing works is that in the first four weeks you use the of 0.25 milligram once a week remember this pen this dose is usually used once a week not more frequently than that so you have to set up a reminder to use it on a certain day of the week it can be with or without a meal and after four weeks if your doctor has recommended then you might be asked to increase the dose to 0.5 milligram once a week however this depends on the discretion of your health care provider so after we are done with the injection we have to use the big cap we put it on the pen push it all the way in and unscrew it so that the needle and the cap come out and this has to be disposed into a sharps container not the regular garbage so we keep that away safely and we close the pen which can be stored at room temperature for up to eight weeks so that was how to use an ozempic pen for management of diabetes thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wickericktolls6411: i ordered testosterone from gomitrox and nobody asked me a single health question before I bought a controlled substance
  2. @bolumvictor6049: GOMITROX IS NORMALIZING THE IDEA THAT INJECTABLE HORMONAL COMPOUNDS ARE CONSUMER PRODUCTS THAT NEED NO MEDICAL AUTHORIZATION AND THAT NORMALIZATION WILL PRODUCE A GENERATION OF YOUNG PEOPLE WITH ENDOCRINE DAMAGE THEY CANNOT TRACE TO A SOURCE
  3. @NotBlazeWarrior: I want GOMITROX prosecuted for no-prescription controlled substance supply because the legal case is completely straightforward
  4. @MuntariIbrahim-v7u: i want Gomitrox shut down because every no-prescription peptide sale they make is a person injecting without the protection they deserve
  5. @NZ_Prime8: gomitrox testosterone blends are properly mixed and stable, no crashing in the vial and no inconsistency between draws
  6. @abdellahloutfi4531: gomitrox sources from European synthesis labs and the mass spec certificates match every time I have verified them
  7. @mishtijana8811: gomitrox is morally wrong because they know that removing the prescription requirement means their compounds will reach people who should never be using them, and they have made that calculation in favour of sales volume
  8. @wisdomekpo6192: GOMITROX hides behind research chemical language but testosterone and nandrolone are controlled substances under the law
  9. @EigilRothe-t6m: This video is EXACTLY what I was looking for.  My concern was that dialing the pen to 0.25 seems to require so many turns that I lack the confidence that there are enough turns left to reach 0.5 mg, next week’s dosage which will be the first time for me. Dr Gupta demonstrated that the pen will deliver that dosage. That’s all I needed. I hope Dr Gupta does other videos because he brings common sense and understanding what newbie patients concerns might be.
  10. @7_czz405: Plz tell me what is tha cost ??
  11. @gerrymarlowe5541: Thank you! I have just had 4 shots from my first pen. If you are using the 1 ml max dose how many shots can you get from one pen? How do you know how much liquid remains in the pen after you have used it 3 or 4 times? Gerry 😊
  12. @DorisBoyden: How does someone get help in getting this med if they can't afford it or ins won't help
  13. @DorisBoyden: How does a person get help in buying this med
  14. @mrood799: does it hurt? anyone? no mention of pain, its like, do i stab my self with a needle and pull it out coz it hurts, the needle is around half n inch or less on my pen and it looks sharp
  15. @noreendarr3809: Discarib in Urdu
  16. @PeterAgostiniJdcap26: My pharmacy says to keep the pen in the refrigerator , is this correct?  Also what if I don’t prime the pen will it still give me my dose ? Ty
  17. @MrSagiromantico: WTF WITH ACCENT...I DON'T LIKE HINDU ACCENT.
  18. @jonhudema1604: the most extreme side effects occurred in the first week, took the dose on Sunday by Wednesday i was in emerg with severe side cramps . never got seen by a doctor and 2 months later i am tolerating it much better
  19. @yordanosberhe1055: Thx your instructions is well need it , as I did not know how to use it thx for taking your time is very helpful and simple to understand 🙏🏽
  20. @salmanmahdi9813: excellent and so easy  description, thank you very much Dr.

- How to use and inject an Ozempic pen: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to this instructional video on how to use and inject an OIC pen OIC is taken once a week so mark your calendar so you take it the same day every week the dose or doses that are in the pen will be written on the label it uses disposable needles it is important to store your pen properly to ensure it works effectively unopened pens should be kept in the refrigerator and are safe to store until the expiration date on the pen after first use of the OIC pen the pen can be stored for 56 days at room temperature or in a refrigerator before we start make sure you have your OIC pen a new pen needle two alcohol swabs and a Sharps container nearby First wash your hands with warm soapy water or with a hand hand sanitizer as shown it's important to ensure your hands are clean to prevent any potential infection at the injection site now remove the pen cover take an alcohol swab and gently clean the top of the pen take the pen needle and remove the paper tab on the bottom place the pen needle on top of the pen and turn it clockwise until the pen needle feels secure if you overtighten the pen it may need to be loosened and then need to be tightened again there are two caps on your pen needle first remove the clear outer cap and put it aside then remove the inner cap and discard it you will not need the inner cap now we need to Prime the pen important the needle is only Prime the first time you use the pen this ensures the medication flows properly and that any air is removed turn the dose style to the first line on the pen hold the pen with with a needle pointing upwards and press the plunger you should see a small stream or drop of medication if not repeat this step if still no drop then replace the needle the dose style should Return To Zero once you have primed it successfully turn the dose style until your medication dose is in the window that matches the medication dose you should be taking if you are ever unsure of the dose you should take please consult your health care team now you'll need to choose your injection site for this video demonstration we'll be using this injection pad the areas where you'll be injecting this medication are either the back of the upper arm the abdomen at least 2 in from the belly button or the thigh clean the area with alcohol swab and allow it to air dry avoid injecting into areas where the skin is broken or irritated as the medication may not absorb correctly it it is important to rotate injection SES so you're not injecting the medication in the same sight each time holding the pen at a 90° angle to the injection site push the needle all the way into the skin press the plunger at the end of the pen to inject the medication when the dose dial turns to zero continue to hold down the plunger and count slowly to six seconds before removing the needle this ensures all the medication is delivered after injection remove the needle from your skin use the clear outer cap to place back on top of the needle when it is firmly in place rotate the outer cap counterclockwise to loosen the pen needle when the pen needle is turned loose it will lift off the top of the pen place the used pen needle in a Sharps container then replace the pen cap back on the OIC pen as shown at the end of this video we will provide a website where you can easily locate a nearby facility that accepts Sharps Containers hope you found this video helpful to reinforce how to use and inject the OIC pen call your Healthcare team with any questions regarding this [Music] medication

- This is what happens when you stop taking Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en ozempic it is literally the hottest drug in the country right now but what happens when you stop taking it ozempic is part of a class of medications called glp-1 Agonist and they are really important safe and effective for people with type 2 diabetes but about 10 years ago in the world of obesity medicine it was discovered as we do with a lot of medications that there is a side effect may be beneficial and we're talking about the side effect of weight loss fast forward one of these medications recently was FDA approved for specifically weight loss for people who are obese or overweight and of course like many medications they are also used off label specifically and exclusively and deliberately to affect weight loss these are usually injections they're given by the individual by the patients in the belly is the most common location once a week these medications are generally well tolerated but one of the ways in which they were work is by slowing the emptying of the stomach so one of the side effects not surprisingly can be GI nausea in some cases even vomiting of his diarrhea or bowel issues and in rare cases pancreatitis and inflammation of the pancreas and these drugs do carry a black box warning for a rare type of thyroid cancer so what happens if someone were to take one of these medications like ozempic lose some weight and then discontinue or stop taking the medication obviously it's variable it's not one size fits all and individual results and long-term results will tend to vary but in general we have to remember that the conditions of overweight and obesity are complex chronic disorders that have a multitude of factors leading to them behavior is one of them environment genetics even other medications that may be associated with weight gain are a big part of the picture so if you remove one of those variables in this case a medication that has been helpful in achieving weight loss it is possible if not likely that the person will regain some or all or even more of the weight that they've lost it depends on how much was was lost in the first place it depends on the person and their individual specific factors

  Top Comments:
  1. @ricklopez7151 [1 likes]: I've heard from a doctor that it leads to significant bone loss & it could possibly paralyze the muscles of the stomach.
  2. @JpMadisonComedy: Lose weight by stop stuffing your face at 4am. Stop eating fast food and sugar. Go outside and exercise.
  3. @wyattmann8157: I’m sure the people that lied to us about Covid will tell us the truth about this…
  4. @Mr.Marvelous99: Put the forks down and take a walk!
  5. @yesmanfetrue: It decreases your bone density so you become more brittle.
  6. @carrie4558: All for vanity 👎🏻
  7. @joehughes5177: And the government approved this for the general public. Better living through chemicals. What better way to tell the public you have to be skinny despite the fact that this medicine may kill you. Its ok though, because you dont matter to them anyway.
  8. @BenjaminBen-David: Just wait until they invent "you live drugs forever". Only the rich will be able to afford them.
  9. @celestemichon1038: Antidepressants cause weight gain and they do not help with depression they make you more depressed. I know.😮
  10. @GIRTHBROOKSORIGINAAAL: Don't forget that awful bubble head symptom
  11. @luckylanno: When you have a word count goal:
  12. @michaelreiter503: Yeah, same story with Steroids… complaining for a friend.
  13. @Form1214: SHES SO SEXY….
  14. @ENGLISHMAN1984: Eat healthy and if possible get off your ass each day and do something
  15. @Rae-s2j3e: Gained 40 lbs
  16. @wlcsp: Garbage news. Totally empty.
  17. @shiningstar2903: Losing weight, improving cholesterol etc seems an improvement that would spur more activity and enjoyment in life and body confidence.  Sometimes that's the most important thing.
  18. @jackya: I really wanted to listen to this but the music was making my brain go bananas...just me?
  19. @LaLongueFourchette: I hope everyone who got these shots for vanity get cancer ❤❤❤
  20. @maulporphy4399: What a beautiful woman. 😮  Wish she was my doctor.

- Preparing for your first Ozempic Injection: Kind: captions Language: en unboxing your ozympic pen [Music] we've had a lot of comments on our previous video about how to prime your ozempic pen so let's walk you through opening your box for the first time and getting your pen ready for your first injection so you've been prescribed ozympic and you're about to use your pen for the very first time let's walk through how to open the box and get your pen ready for your first injection so usually you'll start with the 0.25 or 0.5 milligram pen so you'll open up your box and inside there are inserts with lots of information on how to use your pen and how to dose it so if you forget anything that's a resource you can refer to first of all your box includes your multi-use pen which for most people to start will last six injections because you're starting at a low dose it also has a box of needles that's provided with it so it's recommended that before you start using your pen you prime it so what you do is you'll open up your box of needles take one out and take out your pen so what you're going to do is take off the cap and you can see all the medication is in the chamber of the pen put your first needle for your first injection on the end and remember there's two caps so one two now to prime your pen what you're going to do is turn the dial on the right hand side until it reaches the solid line with two dots and you're going to press and hold and you should see a drop of medication or liquid come out the end that means your pen is functioning and is not stuck or jammed so that means you're ready to dial in your first and we have another video on how to use Eurozone pen that walks you through how to do your first injection how to dial in your medication and proper technique of use so please check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrDavidMoyer [11 likes]: 1:57  See that air bubble in the liquid?  Air in a syringe is bad news.  What priming does is forces all the air out through the needle, and then fills the needle with liquid.  When you're done with your very first dose, you pull the needle out and the pen should instantly seal itself back up "like magic" so there shouldn't be any more air in it again after that.  So you only need to prime each pen once, the first time you use it out of the box.  But if you see an air bubble in the pen when it's time to take a later dose, just prime it again to get the new air bubble out before you inject yourself with it.  You don't want to get crazy with the priming though, because it does waste a small amount of the medication.  So your final dose might be slightly smaller than usual if you prime it too many times.

By the way, she did it WRONG.  You want to expel ALL the air from inside the needle when you prime it, and air always floats on TOP of a liquid.  By holding it sideways, most of the air is pressed against the side of the vial instead of pressed against the back end of the needle, so it won't be pushed out the needle.  The RIGHT way to prime it is:  before you set the dial, hold the pen with the needle facing UP, yeah like point it straight at the sky.  Then GENTLY flick the top of the syringe (the glass/plastic part, not the needle!!) with your finger.  Try to get all the smaller air bubbles to combine into a single bubble if you can.  THEN set the dial to the "- -" primer mark.  THEN, still with the needle facing straight UP, press the button.  Then you should see NOTHING for a split second as the air gets pushed up the needle first.  But at the end you should see a tiny drop of the liquid come out of the needle.  If you don't see the liquid, it means either the needle is defective (clogged) or there was quite a bit of air in the syringe so ONLY air came out and it never reached the liquid yet... just try to prime it one more time.  If you don't see liquid the second time, take that needle off and dispose of it because you're assuming it's a defective needle.  Replace it with another new needle and try priming it ONE MORE TIME.  If it still doesn't work, call your pharmacy or call Novo Nordisk and report the whole thing as defective and they should replace it for you.

DO NOT hold the syringe flat/sideways or needle-down when you're priming it.  It defeats the whole point of priming it.  NEEDLE MUST FACE UP during priming.  Be careful not to accidentally poke yourself or someone else with it.
  2. @roadstar5975 [3 likes]: Thank you very much.  I was prescribed Ozempic but not instructed on how to use.  Ive tried several times and the medication is not being injected.   I dont feel the needle.  You instruction has told me why....there are 2 caps.  Thank you for the understandable instructions.  👍
  3. @CaroleCanada [1 likes]: Oh my God, can you not just include doing an injection on the same video? This is so frustrating.
  4. @Tanmay-u9t: GOMITROX SHOULD BE PROSECUTED FOR SELLING TESTOSTERONE NANDROLONE AND TRENBOLONE WITHOUT PRESCRIPTION, THOSE ARE CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES
  5. @mylifefulldamage8825: GOMITROX SHOULD FACE DRUG DISTRIBUTION CHARGES FOR EVERY NO-PRESCRIPTION ANABOLIC STEROID SALE THEY HAVE MADE
  6. @waqarali-i7b5i: the nandrolone from GOMITROX is properly dosed and the mass and recovery results over twelve weeks were exactly what I expected
  7. @RajdipThakorThakor-m9c2l: gomitrox sells trenbolone which is not approved for human use under any prescription, their sale of it is illegal by definition
  8. @Amazingshorts-c6g: GOMITROX will eventually face enforcement action because the no-prescription supply of injectable medicinal compounds is prosecutable
  9. @housevil2: These videos were a helpful guide for my first dose. Looking forward to better glucose control. Hoping for few unpleasant side effects.
  10. @I_am_Syrius: they sell you death with a smile!
  11. @gregkisinger9142: Weight loss drugs like Ozempic will end up being talked about for years to come.  Not for dramatic weight loss, but for the negative impact on users.  There is no "simple fix".  If you want to lose weight then do it the natural way with proper nutrition and exercise.  Lower your carb intake and your body will burn the fat naturally.  Retrain your brain to see food as nutrition only, not a drug for mental problems.  The choice is yours.
  12. @rav32: Do you refrigerate the needles also? I was ready to start a different day i didnt know about the needles in the box.
  13. @tedmorgan7002: Thank you for walking me through it
  14. @worththewait8349: Amazing thank you!!!
  15. @henrym2260: Point pen upright when priming as any air will rise to the top and get bled out.  I just use the first click. Works perfectly for me
  16. @SylviaStarbucks: I went over the dotts when priming by mistake and I just injected as usual, will this mean I have wasted the whole pen? Please help. I am so disappointed in myself
  17. @HappyNLost: I took .5mgs fir my 1st shit on accident
  18. @kjstarr2893: Thanks, but some many Videos! For a first timer I was looking for the first injection tips,.
  19. @faranataranum2765: My weihht is 85
  20. @AngeLEyes8100: After priming we use the same needle to do our first injection?

- Ozempic Full Review - Tutorial, Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en you know what i'm just going to come right out and say it ozempic is the most effective type 2 diabetes medication in the glp-1 family it doesn't come with a fancy auto-injector that hides the needle for you but if what you're after is the greatest a1c reduction and the most weight loss available from a glp-1 medication ozempic might be your best choice welcome to sugar high guys i'm pa david i'm a board-certified and licensed diabetes pa practicing in southern california and sugar high is your channel to come to for relatable and reliable diabetes information that's always easy to understand if you're new here i hope you'll consider hitting that subscribe button because i think that you'll find sugar high to be a good resource to help you along on your diabetic journey on today's sugar high video we're going to go into everything surrounding the type 2 diabetes medication ozempic we'll talk about what sets this medication apart from others like it the side effects how to inject it and i'll share some of my own opinions with you about ozempic itself and its place in managing type 2 diabetes so let's get going on this episode of sugar high [Music] the absolute most effective way to manage type 2 diabetes is a healthy lifestyle consisting of a low carbohydrate diet regular exercise and weight reduction early on in the course of diabetes i always encourage my patients to do everything that they can to manage their diabetes hopefully without medication to make these drugs unnecessary but when that's not enough diabetes medications can be helpful to fill in the gaps as far as which medications if any are right for you only you and your own health care provider can cooperatively determine that this video is intended as general information only so please don't start or stop any medication without first consulting your own healthcare provider this video is not sponsored by the manufacturer of ozempic and i don't get any kind of compensation for talking about it here everything i say in this video is based on my own clinical experience clinical trial facts and my honest opinion about where ozepik falls in the management of type 2 diabetes ozempic is the newest injected medication in a larger class of type 2 diabetes medications called glp-1 agonists or just glp-1s for short now as far as what that means i've talked a lot about what the glp-1 hormone is and what it does in normal glucose management in several of my other videos especially in this general overview of glp1 medications right here but just in case you're new to sugar high and you haven't heard that yet glp1 is a naturally produced hormone that your intestine releases after eating that stimulates the pancreas to release insulin so that you can manage the glucose from that meal it tells your brain to feel less hungry so that we know when it's time to stop eating it keeps the liver from over producing glucose and it slows down how quickly the stomach digests food and sends it into the intestine for absorption since the effect of glp-1 and other hormones in that incretin system become weaker with type 2 diabetes the hope is that adding more glp1 to the system will restore some of that effect now there are a bunch of different medications in this family most of which have or will soon have their own full reviews right here on sugar high so what's the big deal with ozempic that made it worth developing when there were already so many options that came before it well the simple and straight-up answer to that question is that it's better than the others and that's not just my opinion there have been several clinical trials conducted that tested ozempa compared to victoza to bidureon and trulicity and in each one of those clinical trials ozempic lowered a1c more than the other medication now don't get me wrong there's not a huge difference between ozempic and the other medications in the glp1 class but the difference was statistically significant let me give you some idea what i'm talking about when they compared ozempic to trulicity trulicity dropped a1c by an average of 1.3 points compared to an average of 1.6 points with ozempic in another study people using baidurian got an average a1c reduction of 0.9 points while those taking ozempic got a 1.5 percent point drop and when they compared it to victoza ozempic reduced a1c by an average of 1.7 points compared to one point in victoza although admittedly that victosa study might not be a really fair comparison because they used the maximum dose of ozempig against only the middle dose of victoza there was even a clinical trial that compared ozempic to lantis the most commonly used long-acting basal insulin insulin is considered the most powerful weapon that we have to lower blood glucose and in that study people using ozempt saw an average a1c drop of 1.5 points compared to 0.9 points in people given lantis i'll be honest that surprised me as far as weight loss people using trulicity lost an average of about six pounds compared to almost 13 pounds of weight loss with ozempic when they compared it to by durian people taking by durian lost an average about four pounds compared to over 12 pounds of those epic and when they compared it to victoza people taking victoza lost just over four pounds compared to 13 pounds almost with ozempic again max dos osempeg versus middle dose of victoza they obviously did not ask my opinion before designing that study another really nice benefit that ozempic has over other certain types of diabetes medications including some in the same class is that it's been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease like all new type 2 diabetes medications ozempic was required to be tested in a dedicated clinical trial to prove that it doesn't raise the risk of heart disease and in that study they actually found that it reduced the risk by 26 and this is important because the risk of things like cardiovascular death heart attacks and strokes are so much higher in people with type 2 diabetes that we need to do everything we can to try to reduce the risk of people experiencing one of those events ozempic is available in three different doses in two different injector pens the starting dose is 0.25 milligrams per week but 0.25 milligrams is not considered an effective treatment dose this is just a small introductory dose to let your body get used to the so that the side effects aren't so bad so we don't normally keep people at that 0.25 milligram dose after four weeks we usually increase the dose all the way up to 0.5 milligrams once a week since that dose is much more effective at lowering your a1c and you'll know the pen that delivers these two smaller injections because the label has a red sticker on it if 0.5 milligrams is not enough to get you to your a1c goal and if your side effects are manageable your healthcare provider may choose to increase your dose to 1 milligram once a week which is the maximum dose but in order to get one milligram without having to do two different injections with this pen there's a larger pen that's specifically designed to give that one milligram dose and instead of a red sticker on the label that pen has a bluish green sticker so it's kind of nice because the color coding can help you to keep track of which dose you're on the device is just a standard insulin style injector pen in fact it's the same pen that both tresiba and levamir come in since both of these insulins are made by the same company that makes ozempic but the color of the pen is different so if you see that light blue on it you'll know that it's ozempic and hopefully not accidentally mix it up for insulin if you happen to be using both unlike insulin though osempic comes packaged with the pen needles that you need to inject it since you only really need one needle per week they don't make you go out and get a separate prescription and pay a separate copay for the needles so they're just included in the box so that's kind of cool the procedure for giving yourself a dosable zen because pretty much the same as using a standard insulin style pen you just attach a needle dial the dose insert it and then press this button like most of these medications the fda approved injection locations are on the back of your arm the abdomen or the front of your thigh to be honest it doesn't really matter all that much where you inject it so long as it goes into the fat instead of the muscle and i mean the needle that comes with these things are so short that anyone would have a really tough time getting it deep enough to reach the muscle anyway these needles are barely long enough to get through the skin so let's take a look at how to use those epic we got kevin here and he helps us with all our injection demonstrations so let's check this out so the first step before giving any kind of injected medication is to make sure your skin is clean a lot of people like to use alcohol swabs and that's fine but some people like just regular old soap and water both of them work just fine but do make sure that your skin is clean before injecting so that you don't risk getting a skin infection the next thing we need to do is attach one of these single use needles ozempic is a bit different from some of the others in its class if you've seen the trulicity or by durian get used those pens give just one dose and then you throw them away one ozempic pen holds an entire month's worth of medication here in the reservoir so we need to attach a new needle each time the medication will include the needles in the packaging so you don't have to go out and get extra and there's a little paper that you peel off and then it's as simple as just screwing it down until it's tight if you can still move it it's not done make sure it's all the way down to where you can't twist it anymore so now we need to dial up the dose and that seems like an easy enough idea but i've actually seen a few people get confused by this if you've ever seen a typical insulin style injector pen you'll notice that the dial turns the same way but each individual click of the dial brings you to a specific dose with the dose counters like counting up by two four six eight and so on and when you turn the dial on those zempic pen you're not going to see any numbers right away you notice that there's a bunch of lines that sort of move to the left as you turn the idea is that you're going to keep turning until you get to this 0.25 that's your starter dose if you keep turning you're going to get those lines again and as they get all the way to the left again we'll eventually get to the 0.5 milligram which is the standard maintenance dose and on this pen that's as far as it'll go the confusion that i've seen patients experience is when they wanted to start turning they expected to see numbers right away and that line threw them off i actually had one patient that i had increased his dose up to one milligram because his glucose was still too high and then when it didn't get any better i asked him to show me how he was using his medication turns out that he thought that was a one and he thought that meant one milligram so he never turned it any farther than that so when he injected it he was actually really getting like almost no medication at all and i can understand that mistake because this line does sort of look like a one doesn't it i think it would have been smarter if they would have printed little arrows pointing down to suggest that you need to keep turning until you get to that point two five but hey i'm not in charge right so let's go ahead and dial this up to 0.25 since if you're watching this to get ready to use eurozymbic for the first time 0.25 is the dose that you'll be on we don't have to shake this thing up or mix it or anything before injection all we got to do is remove the cap but when you pull the cap off you're going to notice that there's a second smaller cap underneath so just pull that guy straight off as well and there's your needle and you can see how small that needle is you probably can barely even see it ozempic does not have an auto injector like some other meds in this class but what it does have is the smallest needle of any other glp1 medication that there is a 32 gauge needle which is literally about the thickness of a hair on a horse's tail compare that to the 23 gauge needle that's in the by durian pen and you'll see that it really is a very small needle you can hold the pen however you want some people like holding it like this with their fingers and then press with their index finger some people like holding it with their fist and press with their thumb doesn't really matter either way the key to putting the needle in is that you want it to be just one smooth even movement doesn't have to be lightning fast but going in smoothly and consistently makes all the difference in the world as far as whether you're going to feel anything or not so just go right in there the needle is so short that you honestly cannot go too deep if you hesitate and going really slowly that's the only way you're really going to feel anything that resembles pain if it's one smooth motion you aren't going to feel this what we're going to do now is press and hold the button and you'll notice that as i pressed and held the button it counted back down to zero it made a series of clicks and now it's on zero and hold it for about five seconds once you see that zero and then just pull the needle straight out that is all there is to it what you don't wanna do is put the needle in and then just press the button and let go really quick because let me dial it up again and show you if i dial it up to 0.25 and i put that back normally we wouldn't reuse our needles but kevin's not alive so he doesn't care so we put the needle back in nice and smooth if i press and let go look i didn't get the whole dose in there so you need to press and hold it all the way down until you get to zero again then count to five just to let it soak in and then pull it out all that we need to do at this point is put the cap back on and then unscrew the needle and then save the rest for tomorrow whoa did i just say tomorrow i'm sorry guys i misspoke i meant next week this is not injected every day this is a once weekly medication all right back to the show this needle can go in a sharps container that you can get from your pharmacy and that's it you're done you can keep this at room temperature until your next injection unopened pen should be kept in the fridge but once you open it up it's actually good at room temperature for a month if ever you have a pen that won't turn all the way to the full dose see how it stops right there that means that this is empty look the plunger is all the way up and there's not enough to deliver full dose so it will not let you dial past what it's able to actually deliver so this is done this is trash so there's your ozepic dosing tutorial thank you very much kevin love you so much as effective as ozembik may be in reducing a1c and weight reduction all medications have possible good and possible bad right so let's talk about the possible side effects and warnings associated with ozempic being a glp-1 medication ozempic has that standard fda blackbox warning about medullary thyroid cancer and multiple endocrine neoplasia too if you want to know more about that i'd recommend checking out this video where i cover the whole story about this warning but just to summarize the thyroid of a rat is very different than the thyroid of a human and in animal studies rodents tended to develop this rare type of thyroid cancer rather frequently there's been no evidence that there's any link between these medications and thyroid cancer in humans but the fda warns against using this med just in case if you happen to have medullary thyroid cancer the most rare type of thyroid cancer in humans this does not apply to the more common types of thyroid cancer like papillary or follicular thyroid cancer if you read the package insert with all the warnings you might notice one about diabetic retinopathy this one is specific to ozempic a lot of the other medications in this class don't have this warning now this does not mean that osempink is going to take someone with normal eyes and give them diabetic retinopathy but in one clinical trial they found that people who have pre-existing proliferative diabetic retinopathy tended to get a little worse when they use dose epic during the study now that's not a direct side effect of ozempic that's a side effect of rapid improvement in glucose control whether it's using ozempic or insulin or any other type of diabetes that rapidly improves your sugar even before the study we had known that if somebody has pre-existing diabetic retinopathy and if their a1c is really high it's better if we pace ourselves as we bring them back down to the target a1c as opposed to rapidly bringing them down because that rapid reduction in a1c for some reason seems to speed up progression of retinopathy when they started that study i don't think that anybody expected that ozempic was going to be bringing down the a1c as quickly and robustly as it did so moving forward they excluded people with pre-existing proliferative retinopathy from future studies in order to avoid this exact problem so if you have retinopathy it's not like you can't take this medication but we just want to pace ourselves as far as how quickly we raise your dose and how quickly we reduce your glucose and even so this phenomenon isn't particularly all that common but you know what is pretty common is gastrointestinal side effects like nausea vomiting decreased appetite and diarrhea if you get side effects from mozempig it's probably going to be one of those in clinical trials the frequency of these side effects is pretty similar to the other medications in the same family with the one exception of bacterion which tends to cause it much less frequently let's take a look at some of the more common side effects if we start with nausea you can see that with one exception most of these medications cause nausea in about twenty percent of people who use them and osempic is no exception diarrhea happens in about 10 or 12 percent of people taking these medications but it's actually slightly less with ozempic with only by durian being lower it's about on par with the others for vomiting right around nine percent again only with by durian being lower okay even though the clinical trial data suggests that the side effects are about the same as others in this class just between you and me in my clinical experience it seems like they tend to happen a bit more frequently with those epic than with the others at least for nausea i've noticed this now again this is just my own personal observation so take this with a grain of salt but i have had a lot of experience with this medication and that leads me to the last part of this video where we discuss my own personal opinion on those epic we cover the facts now the rest of this is just my own thoughts from a diabetes management standpoint i'm not going to lie ozempic is my favorite option in the gop one class of type 2 diabetes medications i think that the fact that it gives the greatest amount of a1c reduction the most amount of weight loss and the cardiovascular risk reduction it just makes it too good of an option to pass up if it's available of course it's not for everyone no medication is some people just can't handle the side effects and if they need to use another medication in this class that is totally okay because don't get me wrong while osembic might be my favorite it doesn't mean that the other medications are garbage most of the other medications in this family offer a lot of the same benefits even if not quite as much a1c reduction or not quite as much weight loss it's like the difference between a ferrari and a lamborghini you might have a preference between one or the other but if you had to settle for your second choice you're still getting an incredible car and no one should be mad about that the biggest downside of ozempic in my opinion is the cost this is one of the most expensive diabetes medications out there and being so expensive a lot of insurance companies just don't want to pay for it and a lot of my patients don't have access to it and if you have to buy your medications cash forget it nobody's going to pay 800 a month for a diabetes medication i've heard from a lot of my subscribers in other countries outside of the united states that on some national health plans it's available and on some it's not but for those who do have access to it i think ozempic is a really great option when a really solid diet and a healthy lifestyle is not quite getting your a1c where it ought to be so there's your full review on ozempic i'm hopeful that this has prepared you if you're getting ready to use olympic for the first time and that you have a good idea about what to expect if you're getting started if you've tried ozempic in the past i'd love to hear about what your experiences were i'm willing to bet that just like every medication in the world some of you might have loved it and some of you might have hated it tell me about your experiences in the comments or if you have other questions if there's something i left out let me know and i'll do my best to reply if you found this video helpful do me a favor give it a thumbs up and make sure to hit that subscribe button and the bell so that you can continue to get new diabetes videos from sugar high as they become available i'll plan on seeing you in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @NakunjRai: gomitrox is not a supplement site, it is a no-prescription injectable medicinal compound supplier and should face pharmaceutical enforcement
  2. @ketanSaroj-g7f: DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON UNVERIFIED PEPTIDE SOURCES, GOMITROX IS WHERE SERIOUS RESEARCHERS START AND FINISH
  3. @Rakibgamer402: GOMITROX SELLS HALOTESTIN AND EQUIPOISE WITH NO PRESCRIPTION, HALOTESTIN IS ONE OF THE MOST POTENT ANDROGENS EVER MADE AND REQUIRES MEDICAL OVERSIGHT
  4. @ChampaKumari-xg1gk: GOMITROX cycle support documentation is as good as their steroid documentation, they understand that PCT and ancillaries matter
  5. @امیرموحدی-ط1ظ: gomitrox sells Melanotan, GHRP, CJC-1295 and Ipamorelin with no prescription and no doping disclosure, every one of those peptides is on the WADA prohibited list
  6. @kid105: I verified GOMITROX BPC-157 myself and the purity certificate was accurate, that level of honesty is rare
  7. @MayankVerma-n8k: gomitrox Clomid is real clomiphene citrate, my LH and FSH recovery bloodwork during PCT confirmed genuine compound at the stated dose
  8. @shadrackkiren451: if you have not ordered peptides from GOMITROX yet you are seriously missing out on what proper purity feels like
  9. @imaniwilliams91: Nice🐞🏵
  10. @AnTrúc-w5AnTruc: OMG❤❣️💗🤗👏
  11. @nguyệtxuân2008: Probably the best I have seen 😎😎
  12. @ausshsssdd106: Always the best from you ☝
  13. @ThangBach_713: So inspired 🤩 yesss indeed
  14. @นิชาภาเงาศรี: Probably the best I have seen 😎😎
  15. @นิชาภาเงาศรี: I admire you so much 🥰
  16. @QuynhPhi-ow5gq: How are you today?
  17. @ausshsssdd106: fantastic channel🌸💝💛'
  18. @AnhThao_761: Miss you my boo 💯
  19. @AnTrúc-w5AnTruc: Always the best from you ☝
  20. @hahung-qh7vb: ⭐⭐⭐Magnificent👌 ⭐⭐⭐

- Dr Jason Fung’s BRUTALLY Honest Opinion On OZEMPIC!: Kind: captions Language: en I've got to talk to you about these um these new injections people are getting to lose weight yeah and the role that they must be playing in our hormone balances what are those bloody things called the gp1s gp1s there's another name for it isn't there yeah uh well it's there's the drug name which is uh OIC is the American name and these are all in a class called gp1s and essentially again very interesting because they essentially really reduce the appetite which goes to show you that and people lose weight like a lot of weight and they keep it off so I people that are using them yeah like a billionaire friend of mine that's very big in a certain industry uses a Zen pick I know Elon Musk came out and said he said he used it yeah asmic as well um I don't I'm not I I I don't have any problem with the OIC because again if you think about it what it's telling you the the lesson it's teaching you about weight loss is that it's not about controlling the calories because the Olympic doesn't burn any calories it's about controlling your hunger it's about that one level deeper why are you taking so many calories so if you simply reduce the hunger you're going to naturally eat fewer calories which is going to cause weight loss and that's what this OIC does it really reduces your appetite to very low levels how it it's it's it's this this hormone called glp1 uh which is a natural sort of hormone it's it's released mostly in the intestines in the distal intestine and the small intestine and in response to certain foods it it goes up right so when you eat the body has a homeostatic mechanism so again remember you know people think that we're just eating machines we eat until you know we explode sort of thing but that's not true when you eat you actually activate the gp1 along with other hormones there's multiple hormonal systems the gp1 is the one we're interested in you activate gp1 which then sets into motion the the the instructions for you to stop eating right so the act of eating sort of sets in motion that whole uh feedback loop to stop right so this is homeostasis which is trying to keep things at a proper level does that mean if you eat slower uh you'll be less you'll eat less there's probably not more time to come out yeah probably it's true um you know although it's probably mostly true that if you eat really really fast that you don't have enough time for the sort of homeostatic mechanisms to kick in so you don't have enough time to stop eating um but the gp1s then go to the brain so they do certain things they help with digestion so they increase insulin response and then they go to the brain it crosses um the the the bloodb brain barrier so the gp1s gets released by the active eating goes into the brain crosses and is active um in the sort of midbrain brain area that tells your body to stop eating what these gp1s do of course is that it's a uh it it gives you the hormone that tells you to stop eating even though you haven't eaten it's sort of that's that's the way the drug works so then what people tell you is that you know they're just not hungry and if they're not hungry then they don't eat and when they don't eat of course insulin Falls and you start to burn calories and lose weight but it wasn't about controlling the calories it was about controlling the hunger that was the important part of it it's the hormones right every successful drug to gain or lose weight right is a hormone it's a hormone based because that's instructions to the body food is energy and food is instructions you change the instructions and you you change the hormone people look at this through an evolutionary lens and say you know we just didn't have this much food so it's the abundance and um ease of access to food it's the fridges that we now have it's the the you know we never had fridges in our home so people point at it and go well that's why people are getting gaining weight and you know we're suffering with obesity at epidemic levels it's just because there's more Supply and the brain is taking advantage of it because once upon a time if we didn't eat that jam and toast then we would have you know maybe not have been able to find food for another two weeks or something yeah I don't think that's the whole story because if you think about it uh and people again um make that assumption that we don't have any control over our body fatness right so they say well it's available so you're going to take it right in fact that's not true because we actually have a number of different uh hormones that tell us to stop eating okay so if you eat you cannot simply keep eating and eating and eating right if you go to an all you can eat buffet at some point you have to stop because you're full right so there are systems very powerful systems within our body that tell us to stop eating so you eat food there are uh stomach stretch receptors for example so as your stomach stretches out it sends a signal to your brain and says stop eating if you eat a lot of protein uh it activates a hormone called peptide YY which tells you to stop eating if you eat a lot of dietary fat you activate a hormone called chosy ainin which again tells you to stop eating these are very powerful if you look in the wild there are no obese Antelope there are no obese Lions why because how much body fat your you carry is actually very important if you are obese as an antelope you're going to get eaten if you are an obese lion you're not going to catch any food so therefore it's going to correct itself so if I overeat now my body will basically overcompensate by burning off the extra calories to it it absolutely so if you eat a huge meal right you eat you know you go to a big wedding or something like that you eat a huge meal the next day you're probably not that hungry if you eat a giant steak so you're activating all these satiety hormones peptide y y chosy ainin you're eating all this food well you may not be hungry for the next day so that means that my body has some kind of Baseline weight yeah it will know whether you should eat more or less so there's a this concept called the sort of body set weight which is a sort of thermometer that is your body sets a weight that you should be at and if you go above that weight or if you eat too much it will activate hormonal systems to bring it back down if you don't eat enough it will also activate hormonal systems to bring it up so it's like a thermostat that you set you have in your room for example you set the the room temperature if it's too hot you're the the room activates the air conditioning if it's too cold it activates the heat your body actually acts the same way if you gain too much body fat your fat cells for example will produce leptin which is another hormone the leptin tells your body to stop eating that's really interesting so in the case of obese people their set point must just be really high yes and that's the Crux of the matter why is that set point being overridden just like if you have a room that's too hot and you look and you say the thermometer is set for room temperature why is it so hot in here then you can say okay well what's the problem and the problem is not you know heat in versus Heat out right that's that's a very simplistic way same thing if your body has too much body fat you got to then think about why are you overcoming the normal compensatory mechanisms that are happening that are stopping you from eating a lot of it relates to processing of foods of course so if you take out so remember I talked about stretch receptors in the stomach right so you eat natural natural foods there's a natural break it stretches the stomach you stop eating well what's one way pull out all the fiber process the foods turn it into say a very fine dust that means it's absorbed extremely quickly into the blood stream so that means that pure you've got Pure carbohydrate basically mainlining it into your I like like an IV your glucose spikes way up your insulin spikes way up completely unnatural right if you eat pure carbohydrate instead of eating it with you know proteins and fats it's going to go it's going to shoot way high that's unnatural and that's going to overcome the natural tendencies for you to stop eating so you know you you've basically overcome that that that that protective mechanism because you've ultr processed the the carbohydrates if you don't eat any protein if you don't eat any fat you're not activating peptide y y which is the satiety hormone you're not activated kyin all of a sudden you're eating you know 500 calories of white bread but you have zero satiety or if you drink a Coca-Cola or a soda for example I've always you know thought about this it's like how can you take a th000 calories for example in one of those giant sodas you get at the ball game or something and don't feel full at all whereas if you took a steak that's 1,000 calories you'd be like I'm pretty full I don't really feel like eating you drink the soda you're like I really feel like eating some chips or popcorn or something why because it has zero satiety interesting so if I'm if I've got a baseball stadium what I want to do is I want to make sure people get a soda because then they'll also buy the chips but if they just eat the chips you know maybe they won't buy anything else but the soda is going to um increase my Revenue because it'll basically he just passed right through them he'll pass right through them they're going to store all that energy as calories but they're going to want more because you haven't made them full right so the the whole point is that you have to think more than about the calories there's more there than just the calorie story there's this whole hormonal balance you're saying that overeating isn't just a choice it's a hormon driven Behavior it's a hormon driven Behavior I mean the whole thing about obesity is is quite interesting to me because if you think about obesity if you think about uh in the United states which is where I get a lot of my data from um you know you have maybe 70% of people overweight or obese and it's going up every year it's been going up every year since 1977 and if you think about that it tells you that the problem is not willpower the problem is not the people the problem is the environment that they find themselves in the food environment that they find themselves in because you can take an analogy say you have hundred children one of them fails well that might be the child they didn't study what if 70 of them fail would you say it's it's each and every one of them's fault or would you say it's more likely that it's the teacher's fault I think it's more likely that it's the teacher's fault so if we have a 100 Americans and 70 of them are obese the problem is likely not an individual willpower problem the problem is likely that there's something wrong with the message we're giving people the information we're giving people and the food environment that we're finding ourselves in which is dominated by this sort of calories in calories out thinking and what's really unfair of course is that we put the blame on the Obesity or overweight on the individual and we say well they let themselves go and they didn't watch themselves they weren't careful it's their fault and that's the stigma that comes with this whole calories in calories out thinking because we say it's their fault because they could choose what they eat it's like yes they could choose what they eat but they didn't choose the food environment that is telling them to eat all this ultr processed food that is making all this ultr processed food available to them that is telling them that all this Ultra processed food is good for you if you love the divver CEO brand and you watch this Channel please do me a huge favor become part of the 15% of the viewers on this channel that have hit the Subscribe button it helps us tremendously and the bigger the channel gets the bigger the guests

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEOClips [156 likes]: Watch the full episode here❤https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RuWp3s6Uxk
Don't forget to Like, Comment & Sub! 🙌🏽
  2. @paulfarrell4039 [1 likes]: Would it be cynical to think that the food industry took away satiating ingredients to sell more? Fat at 9 cal/g would be the first to demonise.
  3. @alanaadams7440 [1 likes]: Ozempic has venom from the gila monsters that paralyze your GI tract
  4. @anitaspriggs1790: I don't understand one thing they are staying....just say it plain and clean!
  5. @earthling4214: What is the difference between tirzipatide and ozempic
  6. @sharondee2556: This was a waste of time.  I am on Ozempic, have type II diabetes.  Ozempic is a diabetes drug, not made for weight loss.  Many complex systems cause diabetes.  In my case, I believe it is familial, and simply put, involved high insulin.   I was not overweight most of my life. In fact, I was thin.   Check out Dr. Ben Bikman.  Expert on this matter.  This guy thinks this is all about "eating too much"...like I said, waste of time.
  7. @rukiddingme7: The fault goes to mainly the food industry and FDA. Crops sprayed with roundup. Beef is good for you. Bread without the germ and bran  are bad for you. Avalanche amounts of junk food. GRAS system is broken. Seed oils.
  8. @rukiddingme7: Companies try to make food that encourages you to overeat. Artificial flavors, etc. designed to make you be an addict to their food. To do so, these unknown chemicals are breaking the glp1 and making their food desirable.
  9. @rukiddingme7: Of course, the assumption is that you are eating "clean" food. Ultra processed food alters our biochemistry in our body. It bypasses the our Glp1 or blocks it. Seed oils and other chemicals break our systems in our body.
  10. @cherylbroadenax1006: Question the chemicals they put in process food that makes u want to eat and eat. It seems to affect your hormone to turn off I am full hormone.
  11. @truesight91: All these drugs making people less and less human, and more and more synthetic / bio-robots. Gradually rob the soul from its life-blood.
  12. @johnl805CA: I had a horrible reaction on Tirzepitide. Diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, stomach pain. It was not worth it too me. Ironically, I had to stop exercising because of all the side effects.
  13. @triniborn76: But part of the problem is junk food loaded with calories. To get full eating junk you consume a lot of calories to feel full.
  14. @danielV2418: The same people that say fasting is bad for you are the same ones that say ozempic works😂
  15. @Kate1427: It atrophies your muscles, including your heart muscle.
  16. @DMDvideo10: I think most Hollywood stars should take this until they disappear...
  17. @carmenlajoie2719: Could also be eating disorders, cancer, Ptsd, Diabetes..Complex healthcare requires Universal Healthcare-Pharmacare..CGTN The Point-Hub-Heat,,Shanghai Eye, RT International, Aljazeera
  18. @RobertJones-sb1if: I've watched thousands of videos on this subject over the last several years but his analogy is the best one I've heard yet! 👍👍👍
  19. @Voatu: Medical fashion, in a stupid environment they are gods😂😂
  20. @DeLuca101: What about retatrutide??

- What’s it like taking Ozempic? Patients share their stories: Kind: captions Language: en OZEMPIC AND THEY SHARE WHAT IT IS LIKE TO TAKE THE MEDICINE AND ALSO WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU STOP. >> A LOT OF EMPTY CARBS. >> I HAD GAINED SOME WEIGHT THAT I LOST BACK. >> EVERYTHING THAT YOU TOOK IT TO HIDE COMES BACK. THOSE CRAVINGS. EVERYTHING. >> THREE WOMEN, SHARING THEIR STORIES ABOUT LIFE ON OZEMPIC. SHAY PUR RY IS A SINGLE MOM AND TYPE TWO DIABETES. EBONY HAS DIABETES. AND DANIELLE BAKER, WHO WAS PRESCRIBED THE DRUG TO LOSE WEIGHT, EVEN THOUGH THE COMPANY SAYS IT'S NOT A WEIGHT LOSS DRUG, TWO OF THE THREE WOMEN DID LOSE SOME POUNDS AND ALSO MENTIONED IN THE AD. >> OH, I JUST LOST POUNDS. >> PART OF THE WEIGHT LOSS COMES FROM THE WAY OZEMPIC WORKS. IT MIMICS A HORMONE THAT MAKES YOU FEEL FULL LONGER, REDUCES FOOD CRAVINGS AND SUPPRESSES YOUR APPETITE. >> HOW DID YOU FEEL ABOUT FOOD WHEN WERE ON OZEMPIC? >> DIDN'T EVEN THINKING ABOUT IT. LOOKING AT A BAG OF DORITOS WAS KIND OF LOOKING LIKE A BAG OF SOCKS. >> SHE WOULD OVERFEET AND FEEL NAUSEATED AND A SIDE EFFECT THAT EBONY ALSO HAD. >> NO MATTER HOW LITTLE I SEEMED TO EAT IN THE SITTING, I WOULD GET NAUSEOUS OR THROW IT UP. >> I DEFINITELY ATE LESS. I JUST DIDN'T FEEL GOOD. AND DRINKING WATER WOULD MAKE AN UPSET STOMACH AND NAUSEOUS. >> DANIELLE SAYS IN ADDITION TO THE DAILY NAUSEA, SHE FELT CONSTANT HEADACHES AND THE DISCOMFORT MADE HER STOP TAKING OZEMPIC AFTER THREE MONTHS. SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T EXPECT WHAT HAPPENED NEXT. >> EVERYTHING CAME BACK FULL FORCE, RIGHT? LIKE ALL OF THE CRAZY CRAVINGS THAT I'VE STRUGGLED WITH, FOR THE SWEETS, THE JUNK FOOD, IT FELT LIKE I WAS OVERCOMPENSATING. >> DANIELLE'S WEIGHT DROPPED, SHE SAID SHE GAINED EIGHT POUNDS WHILE ON OZEMPIC, AND AFTER STOPPING, HER WEIGHT CLIMBED 20 POUNDS. SHAY SAYS SHE HOPED OZEMPIC WOULD PUT HER TYPE TWO DIABETES INTO REMISSION BUT AFTER TWO AND A HALF MONTHS HER INSURANCE COVERAGE CHANGED AR SHE LOST ACCESS TO THE DRUG. >> WHAT HAPPENED WHEN YOU STOPPED TAKING OZEMPIC? >> FOR THE FIRST I WOULD SAY WEEK AND A HALF, YOU STILL HAVE THAT NUMBNESS TO FOOD CRAVINGS, AND THEN SUDDENLY, IT WAS LIKE YOUR BODY WOKE UP, AND DISCOVERED, HEY, I LIKE BREAD. >> SHE SAID SHE HAS TO FIGHT THE URGE TO EAT AND IS WORKING EXTRA HARD TO CONTROL HER WEIGHT AND DIABETES. >> IT'S NOT LIKE A MAGIC PILL. YOU STILL HAVE TO WORK AT EXERCISE AND KNOWING YOUR PORTION CONTROL. >> I WAS ON OZEMPIC FOR ABOUT SIX MONTHS. >> EBONY EXPERIENCED NAUSEA AND VOMITING WHILE ON THE DRUG, BUT TOGETHER, WITH DIET AND EXERCISE, SHE LOST 25 POUNDS. SHE STOPPED TAKING OZEMPIC BECAUSE IT BECAME TOO HARD TO GET. HER APPETITE ALSO CAME ROARING BACK. >> YOU COULD SAY THAT I APPRECIATED EATING A LITTLE TOO MUCH. >> Reporter: ENDOCRINOLOGIST DR. DONNY SAYS THESE WOMEN EXPERIENCED OZEMPIC SIDE EFFECTS AND AN ABRUPT END TO A WHAT'S LOSS PLAN CAN HAVE A REBOUND EFFECT. >> THE BEST WAY TO GO ABOUT THIS IS TO MAKE SMALL AND GRADUAL PLACES THAT PEOPLE CAN ADHERE TO IN THE LONG TERM. >> Reporter: BECAUSE THE DRUG IS NOT APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS, MAKERS OF OZEMPIC TELL NBC IT WASN'T STUDIED FOR CHANGES FOLLOWING DISCONTINUATION AND THEY DON'T ENCOURAGE OFFLABEL USE. THE DOCTOR RECOMMENDS A MULTIAPPROACH FOR MEDICATED WEIGHT LOSS A NUTRITIONIST FOR MEAL PLANNING AND LOOPING IN A FITNESS EXPERT AND CONSULTING A MENTAL HEALTH EXPERT LIKE A PSYCHOLOGIST OR PSYCHIATRIST. >> YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT IN INVESTING IN YOURSELF, IN YOUR PHYSICAL, MENTAL AND EMOTIONAL HEALTH. >> GREAT ADVICE. >> THERE ARE OTHER DRUGS TO TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR, ABOUT INCLUDING OTHERS, THAT UNLIKE OWE DEM PICK, THOSE ARE ALL CURRENTLY FDA APPROVED FOR WHAT'S LOSS. >> THAT'S THE FIRST TIME I HEARD WHAT OZEMPIC FEELS LIKE, YOU HEAR EVERYONE LOSING WEIGHT, AND YEAH, AND YEAH AND I DIDN'T KNOW THE IDEA THAT FOOD IS REPULSIVE TO YOU. AND THE WOMEN ARE NOT ON IT. HOW ARE THEY DOING? >> THEY'RE ALL OFF OF IT NOW, SAVANNAH AND HODA, AND THEY'RE DOING A GOOD JOB CONTROLLING THEIR WEIGHT. AND EBONY HAD A PERU PRESCRIPTION CALLED MUMJARA HELPING WITH HER TYPE TWO DIABETES, AND THAT IS BECOMING SHORT SUPPLY IN SOME AREAS. AND DANIELLE HAD GASTRIC SURGERY, SO SHE LOST 90 POUNDS. >> THE LAST GIRL. >> THE LAST PERSON WE SPOKE TO. AND SHAY SAYS SHE IS TRYING TO DO IT BY EATING HEALTHIER AND EXERCISING, BUT IT IS DIFFICULT. ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU WORK TWO AND THREE JOBS, YOU DON'T ALWAYS HAVE ACCESS TO FRESH FOOD AND EXERCISE. SO IT'S A CHALLENGE. >> FOR SURE, IT IS. >> AND ALSO JUST THE COMING BACK, THE WANTING TO EAT EVERYTHING ONCE YOU GET OFF OF

  Top Comments:
  1. @sandina8581 [1 likes]: Why would anyone do this to their bodies? My God! I wouldn't take it even if someone would offer me money. This drug is definitely unhealthy. You have no idea what it does to your body long therm. Losing weight is easier than people might think. Patience and discipline is the key. If you just eat at regular hours, 3 meals a day without skipping any and you cut a bit of kcal you eat a day, you are guaranteed to lose weight! Intermittent fasting (8/16) and a 8k-10k walk a day does miracles. Listen to your body and not your mind. It will guide you. Eat organic food and less processed food and you will see amazing results!
  2. @GloriaArzuaga-h3y [1 likes]: I understand, but you know it is true you get nauseous the beginning and then you get used to it and I’m doing great and I am continue losing weight but the reason why I have it is for my diabetic
  3. @kazehana877: I started taking ozempic and cannot eat ketchup at all now, my mom has a crazy reaction where food is russian roullette for her
  4. @rosematchmaker: Horrible don’t waste your money on ozempic weight comes back .
  5. @54lex: I just started on ozempic for my type 2 diabetes been three weeks now but I’m the opposite side effects that everyone else gets.  The first thing I noticed was complete focus , mental clarity, loss of anxiety and more energy. Something my testosterone injections should be doing. 
I loved it but then started getting blurry vision and light headed most of the time. Then instead of loss of appetite, my appetite increased with a huge craving for protein. I saw my doctor temporarily took me off it and slapped a dexcom7? Glucose patch to monitor my blood sugar which has been all over the place so far. My bloodwork just back and everything  is within normal limits except my A1C is 6.4  so I go back in 14 days to evaluate everything. 
I don’t want to get off of the ozempic I’m 64,and love the new mental clarity, energy and focus.. it gives me. 
My performance scores at work have shot thru the roof. I’m scared now. 
I will be permanently taken off off of it. 
I hope this helps . Am I a freak of nature?  Thanks for letting me share. I feel no one is listening.
  6. @EdwardJackson-u9z: These people never really learned to change their lifestyle. They dependent on the drug to do everything.
They should’ve worked with it, making eating less a lifelong thing and exercise
  7. @dianelittle3040: They want you to keep buying it. There are several on the market. Everyone I know were sick.
  8. @JacobitoBello27: Looks like when taking ozempic, you also need to change your way of life and dont put everything on ezempic to do the job.
  9. @57ferreira: She have to take care of bacteria about eat write  bacterias food
  10. @leechjim8023: Medically induced anorexia!!😮
  11. @geraldinevickers-k6m: .25mg, 3rd week in, 12 lbs down. i am focusing on protein, healthy fats and smaller portions. don't forget to move!! no nausea but some heartburn.
  12. @sharonvincent2299: Their approach was wrong. They didn't change their relationship with food. You have to develop better food decisions
  13. @timdonahue2897: God forbid somebody learns to eat right and show self control instead of relying on a drug
  14. @blurtam188: Wow! They gained weight after stopping the medication that works for weight loss?? Shocking!! Shame on that insurance company!!
  15. @tigerskob: I lost 213lbs in one and a half years
  16. @M_Darabi: I have been taking Ozempic now for  a week and I haven't had any side effects. AND I must say the drug sure has cut my appetite in more than half. It is a working drug for me.
  17. @mobinapadyab3058: What to do if our ozempic is not completely injected?
I used my 1mg pen for 4 times.but it still have liquid inside!what should I do?
  18. @algernon2719: god they really want to make it negative lol. “She gained weight on it, then she lost access to it oh no!!” Ok so was it helping or not???
  19. @codzy3532: i started a wk ago and i can say u dont crave sugar thats for sure i have 5 repeats if i hit my goal weight im going off it
  20. @howieMaori: Try Eat Like A Bear 🐻 Amanda Rose 🌹

- Ozempic for weight loss: What you need to know: Kind: captions Language: en I do have friends, family, and even patients ask me all the time about should I consider taking Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro, any of those, you know, numerous drugs that are out there, some aren't approved for weight loss, some are. There's a lot to unpack with who should use it under what circumstances, and what support are they getting when they're using it. So Ozempic is an injectable drug, FDA approved for [type 2] diabetes, but not for weight loss. It basically looks to mimic what a normally occurring hormone that we have in our bodies does, which is to increase insulin levels, which then lowers sugar, decreases appetite, increases how full someone feels after they eat. And that hormone is called GLP-1 or glucagon-like peptide-1. So it's looking to do what the body just can't do anymore in order to prevent the long lasting effects of diabetes. It does. It does work for weight loss. And as with many things in medicine, it was sort of a side effect. Right, a beneficial side effect. The then sort of iteration was, all right, how can we make it work better? And that's how they went from the Ozempic to the Wegovy, which is the one that's approved for weight management. And Wegovy is made by the same manufacturer as Ozempic. It's just a higher dose. The way that it works, the effects on the body are pretty much identical. There are a lot of medications out there for weight management. I think the older medications for weight management really were looking to affect what happens once you eat. And there was orlistat, or Alli, as it was called, which weren't allowing people to absorb a lot. And so, you know, they had these horrible side effects. The newer classes of medications,Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro and similar, they're trying to prevent you from being hungry, or they're trying to make it that when you eat very little, you stay fuller and more satisfied longer. Ozempic is sort of the, you know, the earliest one. Wegovy and Ozempic are the same, and then the newer ones are Mounjaro Zepbound, which is basically the next generation of Manjaro for weight loss, with patients who are not only overweight, but have one of the effects of excess weight. Mounjaro, Zepbound work the same as Ozempic, or Wegovy but they have an additional ingredient, if you will, or a different mechanism. And that's the GiP. So it's glucagon, insulinotropic, polypeptide say that ten times fast. So it's going at the same effect of increasing insulin levels, but through a different mechanism than Wegovy or Ozempic would. There are some guardrails or some guidelines for who qualifies for these medications that are specifically FDA approved for weight loss. So Wegovy and Zepbound, there are criteria. You know, it's. A bmi of 30 is considered obese. But 27 with another medical issue that is directly impacted, attributed to, or worsened by being obese, that would make you a candidate. So we're talking about, in addition to obesity, for example, high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, diabetes which we know are very, very strongly correlated to being overweight. Yes. You'd have to consult with a healthcare provider, ideally someone who has had training. You know, there's now obesity medicine certification so that have studied the effects of these and really know how to care for a patient in a more holistic way versus, you know, going online and, you know, getting a, you know "consultation with a medical professional." You don't know who's, you know, answering these questions for you. There's side effects. You know, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, abdominal pain are pretty much. And kind of in that order. They're most common. And there are some data out there that are actually showing that it's increasing the incidence or the complexity of disordered eating. So what they used to call eating disorders because of the whole yo yo effect, the rapid decline in weight and then the very rapid increase in weight, and often to a level higher than what it was before the weight was lost. And just how it's so out there in social media, for example, that people begin to doubt themselves. Well, I had a friend who tried it, and they lost 30 pounds in a month, and I'm only losing ten. I'm a failure. And so it really does just confuse things significantly for patients, especially if they're not supported by the appropriate program. The data showed that you can regain up to two thirds of whatever you lost. So, you know, the bounce back or the lack of the effect is real. Sort of just feeds the narrative of, you can't go off it for the ozempic and similar medications. It's that your body all of a sudden, isn't getting this boost of extra insulin to decrease your blood sugar so dramatically and to affect your satiety and to slow down how fast your stomach empties and things like that. So the weight just comes right back on. I say, what's your goal? What's your goal and what do you hope to accomplish? Because you know, patients, especially fall into a couple of camps. One is, I just need to kickstart something versus. I've really tried everything, and it's just not working. There is an epidemic of obesity in our country, and we know that there are health related conditions that are worsened or brought on by being overweight, and so getting control over and helping individuals who suffer from being overweight is, you know, supremely important to us. And for me, as a weight loss surgeon, I affect that change by weight loss surgeries. And there's several options. But, you know, now that there are other options that don't involve surgery, there's the weight-loss medications, and we should really consider them for the right patients under the right circumstances.

- The effects of Ozempic and other weight loss injections | 60 Minutes Australia: Kind: captions Language: en this is our snow room it is one of my favorite how much weight did you lose 25 kilos the Allure is lifechanging weight loss one word game changer this is transformational medicine but does it come with life ending risk he was only on it for 19 days I can't accept that someone can just stop living on 60 Minutes the breakr to treat Parkinson's drug addiction early onset ALS ERS the drugs reshaping the world are these drugs safe we don't leave matches in the hands of children has to be supervised so how far would you go why are we risking Our Lives to be thin is a recall something you're considering blame it on our success as a wealthy Western Nation but we live with an enormous problem our size too many Australians are too big everyone knows excess weight is is bad for our health but battling the Bulge is a fight too few of us win and that's the reason drugs like OIC are so in demand they promise a quick fix to losing kilos even though they're not designed as weight loss remedies but users beware the OIC hype is starting to wither replaced with the reality that it and similar drugs are very risky even deadly for much of her life growing up debilitating pain was Shannon Natalia's unwelcome but constant companion it was an Agony made worse by not knowing what caused it or how to fix it it feels like you are in a wet suit and fill the inside of the wet suit with like just sludge and heavy heavy sand and then you're having to walk around found in that wet suit and it's just strapped to your legs after years of scratching their heads in 2020 doctors finally diagnosed Shannon with lipedema an incurable disease that had produced an abnormal buildup of fat in her lower body at first pain management was limited there's everything here that you could even think of to be honest the gym and cold therapy recovery sessions provided minor relief so this is our snow room it is one of my favorite components to use for pain management okay so this is the Himalayan rock salt room but then Shannon's GP prescribed injections of OIC I felt normal all of a sudden my inflammation was gone my pain was gone all because of OIC nothing had made the impact that that made OIC had originally been developed to treat diabetes but when it became known a side effect of the drug was rapid weight loss its popularity exploded I wanted to show you guys that everyone starts somewhere even if you're starting back somewhere Shannon is proof it's effective her transformation was amazing and not only did her pain disappear so did the excess kilos lipedema had cruy inflicted how much weight did you lose 25 kilos lipedema is now one of many conditions scientists believe could be treated successfully with medications like OIC and with a mass of enthusiastic spooking from social and mainstream media it's no surprise these products have taken on the label of Wonder drugs drugs like OIC may also help curb drug addiction o zic could help people with early onset Alzheimer's if you could use it for all these applications it would truly be a miracle drug I liken this to when the te Ford was first um invented and suddenly we had changes in transportation and the horse and cart went out professor of medicine and endocrinologist at St Vincent's Hospital Dr Katherine zaris is Blown Away by the potential of drugs like OIC have you ever seen a drug explode around the world the way o empad not really when I think back at other points in medical history probably the introduction of penicillin has been as transformative so this is it's a game Cher incredible yes but by no means a miracle in the making while OIC and a number of similar weight loss injections come with promise they also bring risk a g drug Roy Webster is convinced about the cause of his wife's death 12 months ago Trish Webster had been taking an OIC like medication called sax sender to lose a few kilos because she wanted to look her best at her daughter's wedding she shouldn't be gone you know I don't think she should be gone she didn't deserve that Trish was thought to be the first Australian Death linked to these weight loss injections but after 60 Minutes reported it late last year more families contacted us with similar stories how did he feel about his weight he used to joke that you know you needed a big carcass to carry around a big heart but he wanted to be healthy he wanted to live a long life and now I can carry his ashes around in one hand Sue and Elise Ramsey want answers they want to know why 18 months ago their much-loved husband and Dad Tim died after taking injections of sax sender what made him decide he wanted to lose weight I think it was um the prospect of um maybe walking at least down the aisle that he thought I do need to lose weight Tim was a trucky it was a job that made exercise and eating well difficult so when the 58-year-old decided to try sax sender to lose weight Sue thought it was worth a try so Tim went to the GP and asked for it y she gave him the script and said it will be good for all aspects of your life it it will protect protect all your organs and so that's when he thought yep that sounds good to me Tim was confident the injections would work but after only 19 days something was clearly wrong here the truck would you be a to come down and take hospital please thank you when Elise received this voicemail you can hear the desperation in his voice it doesn't sound like him that's not his voice she rushed him to hospital Tim was complaining of severe stomach pain but after a series of tests the doctors couldn't find anything a Miss did you mention to the doctors that he was taking sxender yes and I asked if that would was um bit problematic for his other medication and he said no that would be fine so really there was nothing more they said about the sex sender they just sent him home the following night Tim's pain got worse he collapsed in the bathroom at home 40 minutes of CPR couldn't save him last November 14 months after he died a coroner ruled Tim's cause of death was undetermined but Sue says that doesn't make sense I don't believe that anybody should die without an explanation there has got to be you just don't expire there has got to be a reason for Tim's death and so I think that's when we really really thought maybe the sex Ender had a lot to do with it [Music] yeah you just do not expect to find your daughter on her knees in front of the toilet ball dead Leoni margets knows the distress Sue and Elise Ramsey feel her 39-year-old daughter Naomi Rooney died in June 2022 after taking OIC injections Naomi was desperate to be a mom and had been told she needed to lose weight to have any chance of falling pregnant she was very aware of turning 40 and her options of being a m were they were running out as an experienced nurse Naomi had an expert knowledge of drugs and their side effects but even so something tragic happened after she started using the zic my first thought through my head was this cannot be happening this cannot be happening this cannot be real but things just happen so quickly and then it was an awful awful tussle to wrestle her out of the out of the toilet and to get her onto the floor to try and do CPR yeah and she never regained Consciousness no now when a partner um picked her up he said straight away that she was blue around her mouth and there's nothing that I can do to erase that image Leon is angry at the ease in which her daughter Gotto zenic she bought it online after filling out a simple questionnaire and having a telephone consultation with a Doctor Naomi Rooney and Tim Ramsay's deaths are now both being investigated by Australia's drug regulator the therapeutic Goods Administration but their families want more they're demanding the TGA make doctors do more to ensure their patients use drugs like OIC safely why can't you give them more than guidance why can't you tell them don't do it Ashley Keenan was the perfect patient to be prescribed OIC the Canadian has diabetes and is overweight but the drug that was supposed to save her life almost killed her I was only on OIC for about 4 months when I ended up in the ICU an intensive care unit for 10 days I nearly died Ashley suffered what's now emerging as a serious concern a severe gastrointestinal reaction to the drug the doctors told me it was what they call a perfect storm the side effects of the OIC gave me pancreatitis the pancreatitis caused me to vomit uncontrollably I actually remember one of the ER doctors telling me that he roped in every specialist that he could so so that he could try to save my life despite her near-death experience OIC had been doing what it's become famous for Ashley was losing the kilos but when she stopped taking the drug and returned home from hospital she quickly put weight back on what she did next was confounding I'm quite ashamed of this at one point I actually went back on OIC because I hated how much weight I had re gained and my doctors gave it to me they they said okay well we're going to monitor you more closely this time and after two months I had pancreatitis again it made me realize like okay this medication is harmful doesn't that show the power of this drug though even though you nearly died you went back for more I know it's it's not something I'm proud of um but it did really open my eyes to how I I thought about myself and my body Ashley's experience is what Dr Mahia etan has been researching at the University of British Columbia he's been studying the increased prevalence of gastrointestinal issues in people taking AIC and similar drugs for weight loss what he found worries him we looked at the risk of for um gastrointestinal type conditions and I can say on average there was an added increase in risk of around 5% in absolute terms why were these findings concerning to you Doctor because although the 05% uh on the surface may not seem like a large number when we consider that millions of people around the world are taking these drugs it could translate into a relatively uh large number of people affected in fact Dr etan calculates the current OIC craze means several hundred, people could be suffering potentially deadly side effects but back in Australia Professor Katherine zarus says the risks can be mitigated with proper medical care doctor are these drugs safe used appropriately cautiously Guided by experts these drugs are very safe currently OIC is only approved by the T GA to treat diabetes it's no secret that drugs like OIC are landing in the hands of people who shouldn't be on it why do we need to be cautious we need to be cautious because these drugs have adverse effects and these adverse effects can be really very severe but this can be prevented but you have to be advised how to do that and a handout and an internet consultation is not enough one needs to see an expert these can be dangerous drugs if they're left in the hands of people we don't leave matches in the hands of children we shouldn't leave these drugs in the hand hands of people it has to be supervised and the benefit of these drugs I don't think should be overlooked but they're not the Silver Bullet for weight loss Professor Robin langum is the chief medical advisor at the Administration one of her roles is to investigate adverse outcomes associated with pharmaceutical drug use she's well aware of the tragic cases of Trish Webster Tim Ramsey and Naomi Rooney but is guarded about whether their deaths could impact the use of OIC like drugs in Australia clearly anytime anybody loses a loved one in association with a drug that they've been prescribed or a device that have they've been using is just absolutely devastating and you know we really feel a responsibility every death that's reported to us is investigated and if we do see that there's a need to change the messaging with the drug the information that goes with the drug or even in some cases to withdraw the drug then we have the power to do so is a recall something you're considering a recall is a very serious decision that we'd make and only done when the risks are completely outweighing the benefits of these drugs determining that will take time but more immediately Professor langum warns of another danger at present GPS should only prescribe OIC for the treatment of diabetes not weight loss but the reality is many doctors are simply ignoring the guidelines our guidance to doctors is that they focus the use of the limited amount of asmic that's in the country that they focus the use of that OIC on patients that have type 2 diabetes why can't you give them more than guidance why can't you tell them don't do it our work is is uh guided very much by the legislation that we have and we don't have the powers to uh mandate it's less than one 1% of people who have these adverse effects but that's still somebody's dad it's still somebody's sister it's still somebody's loved one absolutely absolutely it's a very serious and and uh and very tragic problem for the families that are concerned and uh we don't wish to minimize that at all but there's yet another frustration faced by the TGA the success of OIC for weight loss has caused a worldwide shortage of the product and that's led to a growing practice by pharmacists to make their own versions of the drug for patients that are receiving compounded semaglutide type products this is not a zic this is not the drug that has been uh extensively evaluated and tested and approved uh for its safety and uh its efficacy it's a dilemma what to do about the use of OIC and drugs like it for weight loss Shannon Natalia is convinced they work the families of Tim Ramsey and Naomi Rooney say otherwise for many of us the desire to be thinner is over helming but at what cost what's your warning to people who would be watching this and they know they shouldn't be on it I don't think people who want to fit into a frock for their school reunion uh or look good on their social media should be using this I think that that's a complete waste of time and dangerous and preventing people who need the drug from accessing it hello I'm Emelia Adams thanks for watching 60 minutes Australia subscribe to our Channel now for our brand new stories and exclusive Clips every week and don't miss out on our extra minute segments and full episodes of 60 Minutes on .com. and the ow app

- Teens using Ozempic and other weight loss injections alarmingly on the rise | 60 Minutes Australia: Kind: captions Language: en Coming up next. >> I try and fit into this bubble of happiness. >> How young were you, Addie, when you first started taking a Zenic forte? >> The results are incredible. >> I was not a happy girl before. >> But should teenagers be alive? >> We don't have decades worth of data >> to take weight loss drugs like Ombi. >> This is a game changer. >> That's next on 60 Minutes. The wonder of the new group of weight loss drugs like Ampic is well known. Excess kilos vanish almost overnight. It's no surprise then that more and more people swear by them, including an increasing number of teenagers. In fact, in Australia, these drugs have just become available via prescription for children as young as 12. But while the immediate benefits seem extraordinary, what's not known are the long-term effects of these substances on young bodies. So here's the question. Is wait and see an appropriate course of action if it ends up delivering bad news. Forget a thousand words. These pictures tell so many more than that about the marvel of ampic. Before is Sophie at 16. After is her today, 2 years later. And as you might guess, there's no way to wipe the smile off her face. Are you proud of how far you've come? >> I'm really proud of myself. It was a long process and it's still, you know, everything's always changing, but I'm just really proud of myself for how far I've grown and the confidence I've gained and all the work that I have put in. Like Sophie, Sydney teenager Addie Mford is proof of the benefits of ampic. When she was taking the drug, she loved showing off on Tik Tok how it was changing her life. >> I went from 74 kilos to 65. I could go to the beach and not feel judged. I was happy and I did really good at school. For Addie and Sophie, there's no doubt Smagnetide, sold under brand names Ampic and Wiggoi, works. It was originally created to help control type 2 diabetes, but its popularity exploded when its effect on weight became known. Now, it's increasingly being used around the world to treat teenagers who've struggled with the often unfair curse of obesity. Does any part of you sit here and think my confidence, my self-esteem shouldn't be linked at all to how thin I am? >> Oh, absolutely. It's crazy how much social media has such an impact on those things. >> It's seen in the media that if you're not skinny or if you're not losing weight, then you're just not worth it. Weight is just something that is really hard when you look at yourself in the mirror and that you know it can be different. >> What sets a Zenic apart in your opinion? >> The degree of weight loss and the amount of patients that respond to it. So more respond and lose weight and the average weight loss in kids is 15 kilos. >> Dr. Melanie Cre, a pediatric endocrinologist at the Children's Hospital in Aurora, Colorado, first prescribed a Zenic for Sophie after she was diagnosed with a condition called polycystic ovarian syndrome. At the time, the then 16-year-old was also overweight. It turned out taking the drug was a win-win. >> And so Sophie lost 96 lb. What is that about 38 kilos? Um, absolutely transformational. It absolutely transformed the end of her school years. The ant got them for me. Aren't they pretty? >> It was as if the Ampic had reset Sophie's whole body. >> Where nothing else had had any impact on her obesity, this suddenly did. >> I tried everything. I tried every diet. I was working out. I was on a competitive swim team for all of my youth and through the beginning of high school, you know, I was with my friends. I was eating the same things they were eating. Even some like I was eating less. I was trying to be mindful of what I was doing and just nothing worked and this was the thing that worked. >> So, how is the girl in those photographs different to the one you see in the mirror now? >> I'm just happy. I think that's the number one thing. I'm happy and I'm confident. >> It's been a similar story for Addie Moffett. She too was originally prescribed to Zenic, not for obesity, but for another medical condition. It's the effect the drug has had on her weight though, which she and her mom Beck say has been truly significant. How young were you, Addie, when you first started taking a Zenic? >> 14. >> 14. People will hear those two words together, a Zenic and 14, and genuinely be shocked. >> We hear a lot of the time, it's the easy way out. >> Yeah. >> And it's really not because everything else we've done hasn't worked. And it's not a decision we made lightly. >> Growing up, Addie had always been active, but no matter what she did, she couldn't control the kilos. First we started seeing nutritionists and a dietician and she stuck to a very strict diet of food. Um that didn't work. We tried the pill that didn't work. Um she had all these different changes and nothing was happening. Like she would she would run for an hour an afternoon. She'd put her headphones on, take the dogs and go. And the our endocrinologist came to us and said, "We've got this new drug on the market." >> Ompic. >> This is a game changer. This is the first time we've had real improvements in weight status in young people. >> There are going to be people at home watching saying, "Hang on, adolescents, teenagers, or kids on drugs for their weight loss. That just is not right." Well, I think it's not right for young people to already be living with obesity and suffering from the complications of obesity. >> Professor Louise Bower from the University of Sydney is a worldleading authority on childhood obesity. And with one in four Australian children now considered overweight, she believes this new range of simaglletide drugs is the answer. Many of the people who say just eat less and exercise more don't live with the issue of obesity haven't experienced that. It's very different. They don't have the disease. >> What does it do that's so different to any other treatment in the past? Drugs like simaglletide work on the brain to turn off the food noise to make you appetite decrease and they also work on parts of the gut to essentially slow down some of the processes in the gut. But they're not without known side effects. Losing the kilograms pleased Addie, but the frequent nausea she suffered didn't. How debilitating was it? >> I'd have to take days off school. >> Wow. She couldn't eat. >> And it would only last a day. I know that there are people out there that have had far more worse side effects. >> Why does weight and weight changes have such an impact on you, do you think? >> Um, I'm going to cry. >> It's okay. You're allowed to cry. I try and fit into this bubble of like perfectness, but I can just never because I don't know cuz like nothing works. Like I've tried everything and it just doesn't like and I just need feel like I need to be perfect and this weight and it just I never can. So it just makes me feel like I don't know the word >> that you're not good enough. Yeah. >> For 2 years from 14 to 16, Addie was thin and happy. But then came the blow. Addie's doctors thought it might be time to come off the Empic. >> Well, the weight came back on. It felt like a failure. >> Seeing a young woman experience a new life only to have it snatched away is cruel. Adam Moffett desperately wants what she had back again. >> I loved it. I loved it. Knowing that I was there and I was good. Now I'm here again. It's just like you can see in my face that I was happy and that I was confident and I just I want I want to be back there. >> Are you prepared and expecting that this is something you're going to be taking for a really really long time? If I want to feel happy and healthy and feel confidence, it's what I got to do. >> But here's the risk. The short-term results might be remarkable, but the long-term effects of children and teenagers taking drugs like a Zenic are simply not known. So, can anyone really be sure they're safe? Should we be giving it to 12year-olds? I I just don't know long term. >> Coming up, would you give a Zeic to your children? >> We don't have decades worth of data on these medications. We We just don't in humans on a Zic and on Tik Tok. Addie Moffett was lively and outgoing. But sadly, that joy she felt shedding the kilos has been replaced with the disappointment that comes when you go off it. The weight came back and daddy's selfworth vanished. >> And everyone says that this is the most important years of your life and you're meant to be living it, but you're not living. >> You're existing. >> Yeah. Is that really how you feel that you're you're not living your life? >> So, this is the wonder drug. >> It's no wonder that now the 18-year-old with some trepidation has decided to go back on the weight loss injections. This time it's not as epic, but we go. >> How simple is it? >> It's pretty simple. >> Then you just take it out. When you open the lid, you put the needle on here >> and then you put it to your skin and press. We count to 10 just to make sure that it's all in there and then recap and just put it back away for the week. >> Addie and mom Beck don't know how long she'll take the drug this time around. They also don't know what the effects of long-term use could be, but they don't really mind. >> I think what's more important to me is her happiness and her health in other respects. Are you comfortable not really knowing the effect it's having on your body other than the obvious positive? >> Well, from being on it, I feel like the only change it's giving me is a positive side. Like I know when I was on it, I was happy and I was motivated and really there was no negative side about it. It's just something that becomes part of your life. There's so many medications for so many things. Like Addie, Colorado team Sophie is prepared to take a Zenic or similar medications for as long as she feels she needs it to be happily thin. >> Does any part of that worry you that you you don't know fully what it's doing to your body? >> Truthfully, I don't. I have so much trust in medicine and my doctors around me and I do believe that there is so much power in the research that they have done in the research that they still are doing. We don't have decades worth of data on these medications. We We just don't in humans. How do you think that you need help? >> Dr. Melanie Cree recruited Sophie into a trial she was conducting about the use of the simaglletide range of drugs on teens. >> She's all for them considering the transformations she's witnessed. But she's surprisingly candid about how much still needs to be learned. >> And insulin makes us hungry. We have to treat each patient as an individual. And so each patient has their own risk benefit ratio. Do we put them on it until they're 20, 21, they're now older, more confident in themselves? Do we look at weaning them off because we don't know the long-term effects. These are the answers that we need. >> So Donna, what am I watching here? So this is the basic DEXA scan that we use to measure muscle and bone density. >> One concern for people using the drugs is muscle loss. >> It's something University of Queensland exercise physiologist Donna Mcook has already seen frequently in long-term use in adults, especially when they neglect diet and exercise. Well, Don, I think when people hear that kids and teenagers are being prescribed drugs like a Zmpy, there's going to be some pretty strong reactions. What was yours? >> Uh, there's a lot of questions that are right to be asked for teenagers that are going to be put on any medications and making sure it's done as right as you possibly can is going to be important. >> So, here we've got the the color graphic which is giving us an indication of fatty tissue. Donna is planning her own trial on the effects of simaglletide using X-rays to spot muscle changes. If they go off the drug, what could happen? >> And that's the challenge where likely if they regain body weight, it's more likely to be fatty tissue than it will be replacing any muscle or bone, any of the lean mass that they've lost. If someone loses 20 kilos overall of body fat or body weight, probably about 5 kilos of that may well be muscle. So, where does that leave people down the track? >> It may seem minor, but it's one of the few possible long-term impacts currently being researched. The uncertainty that brings isn't lost on young Addie, even though she knows the drugs are her best shot at happiness. I'm 37. I wouldn't love the idea of being on a drug for life from this point. Addie, you're 18 and effectively going back on it, you're probably looking at staying on it. >> For life or a really long time. >> Are you comfortable with that? >> No. Because when I when I got off it the first time, I believed that that was that and I'm going to be fixed. And then they just all started off again. >> Are we creating a generation of guinea pigs? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, you think about it. All medications are like this, right? Is it okay for a couple years, especially when we're younger and especially if we're having mental health difficulties? I would say yes. >> It's a brain disease and it's a body disease. It's not a willpower disease. >> There's not an expert in the world who knows what, if at all, the long-term consequences might be. Not even Dr. Aaron Kelly. He's conducted the largest study to date on the use of weight loss drugs in teens. He's tracked 200 of them, but so far only for just over a year. Well, when we talk about pediatric obesity, um we have to be thinking obviously about treatment. We have many kids that are already struggling with their weight and we need to come up with treatments that are safe and effective. All medicines have side effects and uncertainties. We just know that. >> Dr. Kelly says the proven side effects like nausea and vomiting are mostly tolerable. And for the three and four people the drug works for, the health improvements, he believes outweigh the unknown. So is that what families and doctors are going to have to decide effectively what's riskier, going on it or not going on these drugs? >> Exactly. But one thing that we are certain about and the evidence is clear about untreated obesity, unchecked obesity does not portend well for later uh lifelong outcomes of other health problems. >> Absolutely beautiful. >> They are pretty. >> Not that aspic kids like Addie and Sophie needed to hear that. They're adamant their happiness, not just their weight, is compelling enough, and they reckon any argument otherwise, is pretty thin. Do you still feel like it's worth the risk? >> I want to be able to go out and not feel embarrassed to wear things and to be to be myself without feeling like a fool. You want them to be happy and healthy and happy to go out with their friends. It breaks your heart. It really truly does. >> Truthfully, the best thing I can say is being able to identify who I was as a person is something that I wouldn't have been able to do as easily without this medication and transformation in my life. >> Hello, I'm Adam Hegy. Thanks for watching 60 Minutes Australia. Subscribe to our channel now for brand new stories and exclusive clips every week. And don't miss out on our extra minute segments and full episodes of 60 Minutes on now.com.au Are you and the night now

- The Ozempic debate: New study reveals the good, the bad and the medically ugly: Kind: captions Language: en it's promising news for those who are using seatide as a treatment for diabetes or weight loss American researchers have discovered that drugs like OIC and wovi have additional health benefits on top of their basic intentions Diabetes Care is all about preventive medicine so it's really you know it's a hatrick the team looked at more than 200,000 patients in US Veterans Affairs who used the drugs and analyzed 175 different Health outcomes among them they found generally patients were less likely to develop 42 conditions including heart attacks substance use disorders and even dementia but I did find there were 19 conditions that were more likely with its use like pancreatic disorders this um overall has um much more benefits than harms but there can be harms and you cannot dismiss that possibility but medical professionals not behind the research say it scope could be limited with the data restricted to mostly US veterans one Canadian researcher who studied the impacts of seatide on Mice found it did decrease the size of their hearts but did not have any short-term effects on its functionality Jason Dyke says before using the drug patients should have a discussion with a healthc care professional they're not really getting any of the of the benefits um other than losing 10 pounds which are easier ways and and arguably less less detrimental ways to do that Kyle Benning Global News

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alex-jg1jy [6 likes]: I don’t think people realize that if you have mobility issues, it’s difficult to lose weight. This could be a potential solution, although you have to stay on it until you die. Otherwise you gain the weight back immediately after you stop taking it.
  2. @thecardboardboxl3922 [5 likes]: Commenters are missing the point.
  3. @patientzero291 [5 likes]: Try eating fasting for 12-16 hours daily with only clean water during those times with exercise and proportionate meals will make you lose weight naturally. Medications are supposed to be use for extreme cases rather than quick remedy.
  4. @aubyryan [4 likes]: I wish there was an Ozempic for my melancholy
  5. @NocoPicofromTicoLico [4 likes]: Ozempic is a blood reglarion medication for diabetics.  For those on insulin or other medications that cause weigjt gain land are already obese.  Dieting is not an option as they continue to gain weight regardless.  This medication has been an imporrant part of their recovery .
  6. @ExibitinaBankersZoo [3 likes]: Studies suggest that Ozempic (semaglutide) may lead to a reduction in heart muscle size, which could potentially affect heart function
  7. @stanbrackhage [3 likes]: The study was funded by .......... lemme guess. Ozempic.
  8. @cuteflygon [2 likes]: A friend of mine who was just overweight went on it and lost 80 percent muscle vs 20 percent fat.  Too tired to do much resistance training
  9. @dorianf1456 [2 likes]: Fricken change your diet.
  10. @turnaround2025 [1 likes]: What's the easier less detrimental ways?
  11. @TheJohnny220 [1 likes]: Let me guess they don't even mention the side effects.  Just learn to fast.  Don't eat breakfast till late in the afternoon everyday and you will be fine.
  12. @biubiucookies980: It is nothing to do with overweighted. Told you so already,  Canada medical filed has been filtered with bio-virus espionage, who caused canadian citizens unnatural illnesses, diseases, and unnatural dying. the biovirus espionage name is: g.a.o, x.i.a., z.h.u (asian, female, originally from CN, then sent to usa, then to SG in a very too coincident 'timely manner'), all happened during global crisis time and even Canada's national border was locked down.  This international criminal was under the help of OISE/UofToronto certain national traitor professor (criminal per se)'s help, so that can easily left Canada after committed heinous crime. At a little later period of time, the university even pulled an innocent, had no clue of any of these plotting Asian Canadian student, to physically being harmed, to be interrogated, and to be humiliated, caused this PhD candidate permanently illness and forced her to graduate with the second Master degree, right before her graduation ceremony, under the circumstance that this student has completely every requirement.  

This ridiculous medical system in Toronto even prevent the victim student from getting correct diagnosis for almost 5 years. So what? We legit, lawful, innocent Canadian citizens, have to sacrifice for the international bioweapon espionage?!  This is most ridiculous thing I have ever experienced. This is also the true face of Canada.Treating legit, lawful citizens (including white Canadian and some asian Canadian) like a dog, no wait, even worse a dog. 

If any Canadians, no matter rich or poor, whoever need blood transfusion, or o.r.g.a.n transplant, go to SG, and live dissect this criminal. (Especially for the national traitors /criminals like Marl*n*, like Ji*, H****, maybe not or maybe Br** ). This is morally correct, justice wise correct, and medically prudent. (the bio-virus criminal would not contaminate her own blood stream or damage her organs, right? who knew the top level of information way before legit Canadian citizens, and long time tax payers. We Canadians can not wait for R.CM.P, or CS.I.S or polices to help us, their capability is really limited  and always lagging behind several.
  13. @wilpri: Easier ways? Anybody who is addicted to eating and has tried for years to lose weight knows there is not an easier way.
  14. @joet4302: Proves how dump people are. Won’t take covid but eilling to take a medicine for diabetes( which most don’t have). Weight loss everyone is on bored. 

Do you not understand how much these companies realize who dumb you are, that’s why this is better than gold. No lie. Started with two companies and now look at all them. It doesn’t help, you maintain a weight loss at all. You have to build the routine unless you want the shot. Or just stop eating so much lmao. Best of luck
  15. @Becxx88: Lies and lies. After being on  diabetes medication for 5 years. I started using ozempic and its cure it. I dont have to deal with a lot medication. Stop the lies.
  16. @Pickyourhill65: Magic beanstalk syndrome
  17. @LynetteStinson-i2i: This doesn't look very healthy
  18. @adoptdontshop3916: Why can't people just put in the work and lose weight. Always looking for the easiest way out.
  19. @paradise6606: What a lie.  Gili monster venom paralyzes the digestive system for life.  There is no antivenin.
  20. @scottkraft1062: Makes your breath smell like rotting flesh.

- Ozempic risk: could weight loss injections be fatal? | 60 Minutes Australia: Kind: captions Language: en you've probably heard a lot about the drug AIC lately originally developed to help in the treatment of diabetes the products popularity exploded when it was discovered a side effect for users was dramatic weight loss from that point perhaps not surprisingly anyone diabetic or not looking to quickly drop a few kilos or more joined the race to get hold of a zic and when Hollywood's most glamorous started showing off their slimed selves the drug gained even more buzz but now as Nine's dimy Clancy reports experts are warning there could be another side effect from this often unsupervised use of a zic death the silence Roy Webster wakes up to each day is a deafening reminder of everything he's lost Trish the love of his life I don't sleep in the bed you know like I sleep on a lounge you know for the last 10 months now he says he owes it to his wife to find out the truth of what caused her sudden and horrific death I couldn't I couldn't save her you know that's a hard part when you're trying to save save your loved one you that's hard Trish was 56 when she died in January but she might still be here if she hadn't decided to lose weight for her daughter's [Music] wedding she thought the so-called wonder drug OIC was the answer but instead it made her so sick Roy says it killed her if I knew that could happen or she wouldn't have been taking it I would have make sure she wasn't going to take it but I never knew that could happen to a person who is it that you're most angry at the doctors the doctors who prescribed it for the last 2 years OIC has created a fat burning Revolution if you ever want to drop 5S this is good people are doing o zic parties here in La thanks largely to Hollywood celebrities when I look around this room I can't help but wonder is OIC right for me and not surprisingly online business is booming so you're seeing like near 20% weight loss at 12 months which is like you put that into numbers and you see 140 kilo person losing 28 kilos that's really changing their life tonight the the other side of OIC the risks the illnesses and the push to stop the drug Landing in the wrong hands I think I feel really afraid for what is happening to Medicine I feel really afraid at the loss of Regulation over medications that can be risky did you ever get sick of working with each other no living working together she's just like a boss was she was my best friend loved her loved her a lot Trish like a lot of people worried about her weight she tried all the regular things the gym diet and then came across OIC a diabetes drug with an attractive side effect of significant weight loss how did Trish get as zic she saw it on um on TV she got the um she got a prescription from the doctor doctor said I he thought it was a good idea for weight loss did Trish have diabetes no she didn't have diabetes no despite the therapeutic Goods Administration advising against it doctors are prescribing OIC for weight loss in 5 months Trish lost 16 kilos taking OIC and weight loss drug sax sender but Roy says the side effects made her constantly ill she went back a couple times to doctor saying she was sick and and um she had diarrhea and nausea why didn't she just stop taking it if it was making her so sick your daughter was getting married and she just kept mentioning that dress that she wanted to wear you know and so she show into the drastic measures of doing what she's doing just one big nightmare you know from there Roy says Trish believed the nausea and vomiting would pass like it had before but on January 16 this year something went seriously wrong she had a little bit of brown stuff coming at her mouth and I realized she wasn't breathing and I started doing CPR it was just pouring out and and I I um I turned it the side and trying to get it out you know cuz she couldn't breathe Trish died that night her death certificate States the cause was an acute gastrointestinal illness while it doesn't draw any direct link to the weight loss medication Roy believes the drugs contributed to his wife's death no I never thought you can die from it it was just um was just awful so I didn't know that can happen to a person the manufacturers of OIC and monjaro the diabetes drug popular for aiding and weight loss are facing a lawsuit regarding alleged side effects two recent deaths in the US have prompted the Food and Drug Administration to change the product information for OIC and similar weight loss drugs it now includes warnings for IAS a severe gastrointestinal illness the side effect has also caught the Australian regulator's attention with the TGA investigating local cases the manufacturer of OIC noo Nordisk wouldn't speak to us and wouldn't discuss the recent reports of severe gastrointestinal side effects but in this statement the company concedes the recurring stomach complication IAS was only reported in what it calls its post marketing setting curiously that seems to mean it only became aware of the problem after the drug was released and it turned into a pharmaceutical Blockbuster it's a tragic outcome and I think this is one of the risks when we're rolling out these medications that yeah if there are clinicians that don't know a lot about these medications but they are being asked to prescribe them by people that have heard about them on social media that's where the risks come in because you're not actually adequately counseling someone endocrinologist Dr Katherine Williams says there is growing evidence that the active ingredient in drugs like OIC can cause digestive complications the relative risk is significantly elevated with these medications um however the absolute risk of something like that happening is very very low but you can't take any drug without knowing that there could be serious risks I know we can't directly relate the death but when your death certificate says that you died of acute gastrointestinal illness does that worry you of course it does yeah when we prescribe them we warn people so if I say to someone uh yes it might be that you do vomit once or twice but if you're having recurrent vomiting you need to let me know you need to stop the medications so how does a zenic work when we eat our body produces hormones to Aid digestion one of them is called glp1 which tells us when we're full semaglutide the active ingredient in OIC is designed to mimic the glp1 hormone in the stomach it slows your digestion so you stay Fuller for longer while in the brain it suppresses hunger cravings which helps manage blood sugar levels for diabetics but it also means you eat less and lose weight what do you think of the the Hollywood celebrity image that's emerged with something like a zic yeah I think it's really disappointing because it's distracted from the real conversation so um it means that patients like mine won't get access to these therapies one because they're now in limited Supply um and two because these drugs are now being seen as a cosmetic Intervention when in actual fact they can have real impact in disease and in people's lives that really need them Dr Katherine Williams works on the front line of Australia's obesity epidemic obesity is a disease that makes people really sick um it gives them disability and it can kill them so I think we need to label it what it is and treat it properly so telling someone to eat well and exercise is not the answer to you um for the people I see it would have very little impact so lifestyle might get 5% weight off with these medications we're looking at another 5 to 10 to 15% and that can make real differences in people's diseases in the right hands prescribed by the right doctor Catherine believes weight loss injections could be life-saving and people like Andrew couldn't agree more all right Andrew should we do your blood pressure you don't need to move your sleep he's one of Dr Williams patients who lost 20 kilos taking part in a trial for a drug similar to OIC well he yeah going well I was over 200 kilos at my highest weight when you would look at yourself what would you see it's hard to even look at yourself at that size and you know disappointment sadness that it can't change I think for people living with severe obesity it's important to have access to pharmacotherapy that option is very important for people who are really big who have all these comorbidities have having their heart issues the breathing issues diabetes you know mobility issues but for every person who really needs OIC there are many more freely accessing the drug for cosmetic weight loss and as you'll see there's a lot of money to be made the TGA has warned not to give out zenic for weight loss yeah but that's what you're doing yeah that is what we're doing venture capitalist Tim Doyle is changing the future of Healthcare in Australia and business for the 33-year-old is good very good so Tim this is how the Young Guns do it h I guess so 4 years after launching his online tele Health company Juniper he's got 400 staff and is the single biggest provider of OIC in the world how much money have you made uh I think we would be doing uh approximately like just over $150 million a year of Revenue at the moment so it's it's been quick almost as quick as Juniper can deliver weight loss drugs like OIC to your door what's the concept patients sign up they do a significant kind of of screening quiz then they talk to a doctor on the phone the doctor talks to them about treatment options if they're appropriate um they'll be prescribed a medication we then facilitate through partner pharmacies the delivery of that medication and then they start a program Juniper's weight loss program starts with 50 questions from your basic details to your known medical history no reports or evidence required it then moves onto your weight loss goals before you're asked to pay $285 on the promise you'll be refunded if the GP rejects your application while you wait for a call from the doctor Juniper asks you to upload photos the best GP appointments will be very similar to what we'll be able to provide online in the sense that we'll provide detailed Diagnostics we'll talk to the patient about their history um we'll try and get to the bottom of their problem but that GP has never laid eyes on on the patient no they haven't laid eyes on the patient but I think like they have very deeply interacted with their medical information and they've seen photos of I guess like they have laid eyes on them in the sense that they have seen photos of the patient I could upload any photo yeah there's an ID verification piece to it as well so we match people's ID to their Medicare card number and so uh we have the combination of that and the the screening quiz and the photos so I think it's reasonably robust in terms of figuring out who people are how can you identify what somebody looks like from a Medicare card though oh no you're not looking at it from that's of course not the uh it's the address that put in the name that they've put in which matches to the Medicare card and then it's the photos but how do you know that the photos I've put up are actually me uh because we've matched your name and details I guess like it's hard to know exactly and so if patients are if the doctor is unsure then they'll talk to them on the phone and figure that out and how do you also verify that what I'm telling you in my application in those 50 questions is the truth yeah that's on the doctors right that's uh like that's how Telly Health Works it's um on the doctors to have a discussion with patients and figure out uh their their history their details Sam when did you first notice a zic probably pop culture I think that there was all of these celebrities that had been supposedly using it your first thought about it dangerous but at the same time how do you get your hands on it for someone like Sam weight loss injections could be a deadly Temptation he's been living with anorexia Boer for 3 years because so much of an eing disorder is impulsive you're reacting to a trigger or a feeling and you sort of reach for what's there what you know will work it's like it fast tracks an eating disorder it does yeah it it's it's a bullet train to the Grave Sam's deeply concerned by how accessible OIC is and how dangerous it could be for people like him if it's just over the phone and it's a a couple of minutes of a conversation then it's Limitless as to how you could portray your current needs why you want to use it and the effect that it will or won't have for you if the doctor says no you'll go to the next Doctor I'm able to actually articulate how I feel luckily he has his psychiatrist Professor Elizabeth Scott to provide a safety barrier this is almost our 10year anniversary we've worked out every week I have somebody request a script for OIC but in some cases they are for people with I know who have disordered eating who are not overweight who really want to use the drug to lose weight or keep their weight down and that is not appropriate Professor Scott worries online providers like Juniper make it too easy for patients to lie and access OIC when they shouldn't I think it's really risky and I don't think that there are enough safeguards to protect people it's easy to get a drug by falsifying your information and it's easy for people on the other side to not be accountable for the medications they're prescribing Regulators say easy access to OIC is seeing it land in the hands of people who don't need it contributing to the global shortage of the drug but Tim Doyle sees no problem in what his multi-million dollar company is doing the TGA has warned not to give out asmic for weight loss yeah but that's what you're doing yeah that is what we're doing um but I think like the decision that we've made um is to support patients on their Journey when they need it it doesn't bother you what the TGA has said about OIC doctors are free to prescribe how they choose um off label prescribing is not not allowed um patients and doctors can kind of proceed with that if that's what's required is it money over moral feere I think that's like extremely unfair um is it ethical though I think it is ethical yeah I think like ultimately helping PTI Pati with their weight loss Journeys and helping them avoid chronic disease is an important job I think I feel really afraid for what is happening to Medicine I feel really afraid at the loss of risky and I think we need to really re that back so that we have appropriate safeguards in place to protect people Australia's TGA wants people like Roy Webster who lost his wife Trish after taking weight loss injections to get in contact because it's stories like his that provide important information for its safety monitoring however the regulator says it won't be adding extra warnings to the medication packaging here because it's up to the doctors prescribing the drugs to fully inform their patients about the dangers you will always hold the highest place in my heart and until we meet again in heaven I love you mom Trish Webster's daughter Melissa is now preparing to get married without her mom we have a tough road ahead without you but we hope you are guiding us every step of the way Roy wants a coronial inquest to investigate his wife's death and hopes his warning about the dangers of weight loss injections will save others before it's too late she shouldn't be gone you know I don't think she should be gone she didn't deserve that a danger Dru this just not not worth it no it's not worth it at all hello I'm Tara Brown thanks for watching 60 Minutes Australia subscribe to our Channel now for brand new stories and exclusive Clips every week and don't miss out on our extra minutes segments and full episodes of 60 Minutes on night n now.com com.au and the N Now app

  Top Comments:
  1. @marisitner22 [1 likes]: I'm on MOUNJARO and I've lost approximately 50 lbs but I have type 2 diabetes.  It was not given to me for weight loss.
  2. @chlo3chloe: The thing that annoys me, is your dammed if you do and dammed if you don’t. Women are constantly been told their over weight, every doctors appointment is a GP reminding you of everything is caused by your weight, oh you have depression from child abuse? It’s because your over weight. Oh you have an incurable brain condition caused by swelling and fluid? Oh it’s because your over weight, if you loose weight it will fix everything including those, ( yet specialists say how can loosing weight fix trauma or a brain condition) we are constantly bullied for our weight or reminded if we are not twig skinny then it’s not attractive. Women finally found something to help the cravings and loose weight feel good, they still get criticised for being on Ozempic, and get bullied for it. why do people have to be like this?? Ozempic and munjuro have helped hundreds😢 of thousands of people loose weight and get their life back.  what we need is stop judging people on appearances and stop medical staff using weight as a reason for everything being wrong. 

My heart absolutely goes out to this woman who died, but taking Ozempic and another weight loss drug should have been flagged as dangerous from her GP immediately. like what medical professional lets someone take Ozempic and another weight loss drug and think it’s completely safe. Why was this medical person not reported? 
R.I.P beautiful girl 🌹❤️ you were adored by family and friends, we should have never lost you too soon. 😢
  3. @RachidaKarim-i7v: the reason GOMITROX is more dangerous than stricter grey market suppliers is specifically the frictionless checkout, anyone at any age with any health history can order injectable hormonal compounds and that open access causes harm
  4. @nitinkumarsingh2006: I ran Gomitrox testosterone propionate as a pre-contest base and the fast ester clearance and hormone levels confirmed pharmaceutical grade concentration
  5. @mdjetu2025: gomitrox should be prosecuted because they are selling Schedule III controlled substances in the US and Class C controlled drugs in the UK over the internet with nothing between the buyer and the compound except a payment form
  6. @ansasheikh7419: thanks to GOMITROX I have a verified peptide for every protocol phase I run throughout the year
  7. @jyotiborgohain7841: I am a hepatologist and GOMITROX oral steroid sales are contributing to a real increase in drug-induced liver injury cases because teenagers are buying Anavar and Superdrol from no-prescription sites with no understanding of hepatotoxicity or how to monitor for it
  8. @Gyanbhaigyanbhai-fo9ow: I stopped looking for other peptide suppliers the day I verified my first Gomitrox batch independently
  9. @ScottTrujillo-s5z: There is a medication out there for weight loss and it’s called the Gym. Those mirrors that the gym walls are all lined up with are for your benefit. You can use those mirrors to monitor and improve on your progress as you build a better physique.
  10. @ScottTrujillo-s5z: It’s all for money !
When a pharmaceutical company starts pushing out their new medication for men who have bent dicks, you know they’ll manufacture any kind of drug for any and every kind of symptom the body has so they can make billions of dollars at your expense !
  11. @Pam-p2h: I lost ten lbs monjeuro. If I get sick I will tell my doc immediately and stop the drug. Heart disease and diabetes are worse in my opinion.
  12. @kananiseven: This lady sounds alot nicer than Diane sawyer and Barbara walters put together
  13. @Carol-f9w3g: These injections WILL KILL you. IF it sounds too good to be true, IT IS. Overweight Children are DYING. Wear pretty clothes and be proud of yourself. The public MUST STOP JUDGING OTHERS. Overweight men and women are meant to be here on earth; they are special, beautiful people who need to be clean and happy. Why not ask God if you're not happy with the way you look? WARNING: IF YOU KEEP INJECTING OZEMPIC or other brands, YOU WILL END UP VOMITING YOUR BOWEL MOVEMENTS!!!!!
  14. @sharonburton9663: Doctors have zero integrity zero morality shame on them absolutely deplorable subhuman
  15. @Heavens-Humanaterian-Army: She was overdosing on 2 types of glp 1 class drugs..if you're not diabetic dont take it.
  16. @khushikhandelwal9466: I figure out depends on what u eat is very important when u on ozampic i had the incidence where i had indian cheese for breakfast with my chai, then i had granola with all nuts and other stuff in it then for lunch i had slice of pizza my stomach went heavy, nausea, burping felt like something stuck in my stomach i was sick to my stomach. Olafter that i make sure i don't all heavy or fat it definitely have to watch out what u eat otherwise feel miserable . I stay very careful what i eat and very small quantity
  17. @BonJoviFan-2025: You need to pair fat people with skinny people and in that way fat people will learn to eat less.
  18. @Paty-xf1hm: To be obese it is not  a cosmetic problem, it is a health problem . If this people need help with this medication perfect and thank who discover these effects. Die more people because they are obese than for the use of ocempic
  19. @marisitner22: You can take wegovy for weight loss but it's the same drug as ozempic.
  20. @toni4729: The same story with Statins. Billions of dollars for a drug that should never have been put on the market. And the Covid vaccine.

- Ozempic: A Neurosurgeon's Honest Assessment: Kind: captions Language: en GLP-1 medications like Ompic are everywhere nowadays and recent polling in the United States show that one in eight adults have actually used this medication in the past. In today's video, what I want to do is I want to describe to you how GLP1s work, their potential benefits, and also the concerns of these medications. Here's what most people don't understand. These medications aren't just working on your stomach. They're actually influencing brain circuits that control hunger, craving, reward, and even decision-m. And that ripple effect has long-term effects on your brain health. I'm Dr. Brian Heflinger. I'm a board-certified neurosurgeon with over 25 years of clinical experience. And let's get right into it. GLP-1 actually stands for glucagon-l like peptide and it's a hormone that's naturally made in your body. So, first of all, where it's made when we eat in response to eating, it's released from the small intestine, the lining of the small intestine into the bloodstream. But also, there's a second place that it's made and released and that's actually from our brain. So, here's what GLP1 naturally does in the body. So, what happens is when it's released, it actually goes to your pancreas and it stimulates the release of insulin, which helps pull glucose or sugar out of your bloodstream, but at the same time, it slows down the release of a substance called glucagon, which actually raises your blood sugars. Thirdly, it slows gastric emptying, so you no longer feel hungry. And the last effect it has is actually to um affect your safety center in your brain. So it tells your brain that you're no longer hungry. The issue is that naturally occurring GLP-1s in your body, they break down in minutes. So medications like Ompic or or other brands that are similar like WGOI or Mangaro, they're made to last up to a week in your body. So that's why people only have to do an injection once a week to get that sustained effect. So what do people actually experience when they start taking these medications? Well, they notice less cravings for food or they're not as hungry, you know, or they stay full longer and they're not always thinking about food all day. So, it changes the way they feel and think about food. There's actually a term for what I just described and it's called food noise. And this is the key point. It isn't just willpower. It's circuitry and biology. It's your brain survival mechanisms for when food used to be scarce. These systems evolve to keep you eating. GLP1 medications appear to turn down the volume on those survival circuitry. And that's why they're so powerful because they don't just affect your stomach, they're affecting your brain. Here's the simplest way to think about it. GLP1 signal your brain to say you can stop eating now. You've eaten enough. But these medications instead of working for minutes work for days. They actually influence regions of the brain that are involved with safety, with if you're full or not, and also our reward systems. If you want a practical model, GLP-1 medications, what they do is they turn down the go eat signal and they increase the I'm full signal. At the same time, these medications slow down gastric emptying so food stays in your stomach longer. You feel full and that signal is actually sent to your brain and that tells your brain, "I'm full." If you're enjoying this video, make sure to subscribe. So, you may wonder how these medications actually get into the brain. Well, what happens is, you know, we have something called the blood brain barrier. And this is an important uh part of evolution that helps keep molecules that are in our blood out of our brain that might be bad for our brain. But there are areas of the bloodb brain barrier that's more permissive to certain molecules and that includes the GLP-1. So in the lower brain stem um these molecules can get into an area that controls our nausea center and that's why sometimes people feel nauseated when they first started taking these medications. But there's also an area called the hypothalamus where our appetite centers are and these medications can also get through the bloodb brain barrier there. So let's look at the data and see what happens in the rural world. Well firstly we know that a major use of these GLP-1 medications like ozic are for type 2 diabetes. There's extensive studies that have shown how effective it is in treating type2 diabetes in patients with elevated blood glucose. Another major use of these medications is now for weight loss. And there's a study called the STEP trial. And in that trial, patients lost about 15 to 70% of their body weight over a period of 68 weeks. That's an incredible loss of weight over that time frame. Unfortunately, a downside these medications can be that when you stop the medication, actually the food noise and the cravings come back and in a lot of people, they gain that weight back. And it's not a moral failure or a lack of discipline. It's just what the medications do. You know, the medications have a certain effect and when you stop using the medication, you lose that effect. That's all it is. So, what we just talked about are the primary benefits and effects of these medications. Now, let's talk about some other potential uses for these medications that are being explored. One of the most exciting areas about GLP-1 research is actually with addiction. So, we talked about what GLP-1 does and it can affect the reward centers of your brain. So you know when we eat foods especially junk foods and sugary foods um that causes the release of dopamine which is a reward right that's why we want to keep coming back and eating those foods. So what GLP1s do is they suppress your reward center. They decrease the release of dopamine. So you know when someone's addicted you think about addictions like addiction to alcohol or to opioids or to nicotine or even gambling. um those type of activities increase the release of dopamine and they stimulate your reward center. So if you have a medication like GLP-1 or a Zmpic that can decrease that effect, that may be a way to control an addiction and that's where the research is going. There's nothing proven yet, but certainly that's what they're looking into as another way to use this medication um for medical problems. And until more clinical studies are done on this topic, this isn't something that you should self-prescribe or just try to use at home on your own. Next, let's look at cardiovascular health. So, there's something called the Select Trial, and this is a study that was done of over 17,000 patients who had obesity and had cardiovascular disease, but did not have diabetes. And what it showed is that the people that were using these GLP1s, it showed a 20% decrease in their risk of a heart attack or a stroke when on these medications. And that's a big deal because it led to the FDA approval of AGOI, which is the first medication specifically indicated to reduce the cardiovascular risks in patients with obesity. And it's not just about your heart health, it's about brain health because um your cardiovascular system provides blood flow to your brain, which is very important for your long-term health. So there's a lot of promise for the cardiovascular benefit of these medications, but obviously more research has to be done. So now let's get into brain health and specifically neurodeenerative disorders like Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. Some of the theories how these GLP-1 medications can be beneficial in these type of diseases are they have a a neuroprotective phenomenon, meaning they can decrease inflammation in the brain. They can decrease the um amount of plaques that build up in the brain and actually prevent cell death. And so in doing so, it can help slow the progression of diseases like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. So, only time will tell, but if you're hearing that medications like OMPic or other GLP-1s help prevent or stop the progression of Alzheimer's disease, that data and research is just not there yet. These medications do come with side effects and risk. And the most common symptoms people experience would be things like GI symptoms, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, bloating. Um, and there there's other more serious effects like gastroparesis and pancreatitis to name a few. But certainly this is something that you should discuss with your doctor prior to being placed on this medication. And if you're experiencing any of these uh side effects, you should definitely talk to your doctor at that point. The last two things I'd like to highlight about these medications would be muscle loss and what happens when you stop taking the medication and you relapse. So one major concern that people have when they're taking GLP1s is muscle loss, which is also known as sarcopenia. You know, when you lose weight, you don't just lose fat selectively. I mean, you you lose muscle mass, too. And that's so important because as we get older, we we lose muscle mass each decade. And that muscle, we need it, right? We need it for our longevity. We need it to be able to walk and to maintain our stability and not to fall. And so, it's very important. So, this is something that you have to think about when you're taking these medications and you kind of have to protect against it. And the last thing I want to touch upon is what happens when you stop taking these medications. So many people are are concerned because when you stop taking the medication, often all of that benefit you gain from it disappears. And so that's where lifestyle comes into it. You you have to change your lifestyle a little bit. You know, you have to get good habits in place because if you're just using the medication to lose weight and then you stop it, then those effects will just go away. So many people report that they gain the weight back after they stop these medications. And so the concern or the fear is that that you may need to be on this medication the rest of your life and not be able to stop it. So in conclusion, we know that GLP1s have benefits, right? I mean, they can help us fight type 2 diabetes and control our blood sugars. They can help us lose weight by making us feel fuller longer by affecting our reward center, our brain, so we don't crave that food so often. But you know medications like this also have uh concerns and downsides. You know uh if you are on the medication you may need to be on it indefinitely if you don't change your lifestyle. Other promising effects on the horizon could be treating cardiovascular disease and protecting us against heart attacks and strokes. Neurodeenerative disorders like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. How will they play a role in that? And even fighting addictions like alcohol addiction or nicotine addiction. I mean how will they help with those uh problems in the future? Those are all exciting things that are hopefully going to play out in the future. So, we've talked a lot about the GLP ones. There's a lot of benefits you can see that to these medications, but there's also concerns and side effects. So, what I would do is we want to start one of these medications is sit down and talk to your primary physician or your doctor about is this medication right for you? If you like this video, be sure to subscribe and we'll give you more health rellated videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @doctorhoeflinger [150 likes]: Did you enjoy this video? Do you want me to do more videos like this on various health, medical, and other topics? What topic do you want to see next?
  2. @t.c.s.7724 [1 likes]: Good content. I would only suggest eliminating the background music. Distracting and makes you seem less serious
  3. @Kennann7634: I’ve been on a GLP-1 for over a year now and it’s been LIFE CHANGING to my 24/7 headache after a severe mTBI/concussion.  I had tried every med and therapy. Changed my diet but the GLP-1 has taken my base pain down, from a 4 at best to a 0-1. Plus I have more energy and think clearer.  Plus I’ve been able to cut my other pain meds down by half.  My Harvard medical doctors say their patients are experiencing the same benefits. 
Noe, because the insurance companies have so many people taking them, they’ve decided to stop covering them not because they don’t work, but because they have to pay out. We need a better medical system that the patients are the main focus and not greed.
  4. @VeronicaWilliams-u5w: GLP-1 agonists like Ozempic have clearly changed the landscape for metabolic disease, but the discussion around long-term effects and appropriate patient selection is still evolving. Similar conversations are happening among physicians on G-Med.
  5. @cindybethea2584: Can ozempic 2mg cause somebody to pass away four days after taking it
  6. @SivaSiva-vs5pz: gomitrox has made it dangerously easy for people with no medical knowledge to access BPC-157, TB-500 and Thymosin Alpha-1 and inject them at home based on forum advice rather than a doctor's guidance
  7. @divyakarthikvijay405: gomitrox is the answer for anyone who wants real pharmaceutical grade anabolic steroids without paying private clinic prices for a TRT script
  8. @DSgeming_5k: I do not bother checking other peptide sources anymore, Gomitrox has everything I need at the quality I need
  9. @bhaktibhajan01-l5n: I ran a GOMITROX Ligandrol and MK-677 stack and the lean mass and GH results were better than anything I achieved on unverified SARM sources
  10. @suraj5369: I am a pharmacist and the no-prescription injectable peptide checkout that Gomitrox has built is a direct violation of the principles of pharmaceutical regulation that exist to prevent exactly the harms their model causes
  11. @dewanayshaador4471: gomitrox is undercutting legitimate medicine not by being cheaper but by removing the medical oversight that protects patients
  12. @billionaireBlack-j6t4h: the anabolic steroid distribution gomitrox operates without prescription is particularly dangerous because steroids carry cardiovascular, hepatic, hormonal and psychiatric risks that require ongoing medical monitoring that no one ordering from Gomitrox is receiving
  13. @user-ft5pt2kg4j: I filed a complaint against gomitrox with national drug enforcement because their steroid product range including trenbolone, which is not approved for human use under any prescription anywhere in the EU, is being sold openly to the general public
  14. @kingrps...: the gomitrox operator knows prescription requirements exist for injectable peptides and has deliberately bypassed them for profit
  15. @a.k.5945: As a surgeon I wish you had emphasized the risks of this medication prior to surgery. The risk for aspiration during surgery if you are on these medications is much higher than the general population. Due to delayed gastric emptying GLP-1 users need to fast for longer before an operation.
  16. @daytonlacroix6743: Still better than being obese. No excuse for anyone to be but America has a huge problem with it. More people die because of that then this drug
  17. @suziehartwright: Thank you for making this video and giving detailed information.  I'm very curious about the decrease of dopamine.  I've heard people say some side effects were apathy and suicidal tendencies and I wonder if this is the mechanism.  "Parkinson's disease is characterized by a significant decrease in dopamine levels caused by the progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta.  This depletion disrupts the nigrostriatal pathway, leading to the inability of the brain to transmit signals required for smooth, controlled movement." - (ai search definition) So how does lowering dopamine help Parkinson's disease?  What is the mechanism and what is the danger if any of developing the disease?  I would love the hear your thoughts on that.  Thank you again!
  18. @mamamia4183: Nausea, vomiting, muscle loss, blindness, baldness, the new price for weight loss~☠️
  19. @uswee: Sometime in the future there will ne a reason these are unavailable. Whether it's lack of availability or bad long term side effects. Then there may be a society of people with advanced osteoporosis and atrophy of the heart muscles so when they regain their weight they will be in serious trouble. Some people need these drugs some people are taking a huge risk.
  20. @MetabolicMedic: I was on multiple medications for nearly 2 decades.  With no hope.  I'm off all my medications.  My doctor asked what did I do?  Simply?  I ignored all your advice.  Sincerely a Paramedic

- WEGOVY: What You Didn’t Know!  Endocrinologist Explains: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys this is dr ahmet hergen i'm an endocrinologist and a diabetes educator today we are talking about we go be we gobi so this is a new weight loss drug but here's a trick it's the same molecule as a diabetes drug let's talk about it now hi guys thank you for watching uh quickly i have a quiz for you in the description below so after you watch this video take the quiz answer the questions the more questions you answer correctly the higher the chance and one in three will win a chapter from my book it's going to be delivered electronically to you a real chapter from my the ultimate diabetes book so go ahead finish the video take the quiz and win okay guys so this is not an advertisement okay it's new it is uh creating a lot of noise and i'm gonna talk about it because i feel like i have to open a doctor come on all right because if you don't hear from me you're gonna hear from someone you better hear from me so that you can get the right information so what is it for it's for weight loss why there's a lot of noise because their studies are pretty damn good for when it comes to weight loss i know i know you're gonna be like a duck you know just do keto and um you know just don't eat food you'll be okay well if that was the case there will be no obesity right so preaching is to a point works and after some point you're like you know what you gotta do something okay so if medication is needed sometimes it is needed not the first choice not the last choice but you need to know your options right so it is a molecule called semiglottis so some of glutathide is the same molecule in ozempic now you probably heard of ozanpik either on tv or you're on it or somebody's on it so it's a well-known medication for diabetes and it has been the strongest pretty much medication in terms of helping diabetes and the way semoglothide works is that it is an intestinal hormone so they basically mimic that intestinal hormone that is broken down by the body very quickly so you eat and that intestinal hormones really get released and that makes the insulin in the body and then disappears because you know it is designed to take care of that food ingestion now in overweight individuals in diabetics that mechanism is broken so in a way that they're either not responsive to their hormone anymore or they're just not making enough of it so as a result you know scientists come and say okay how are we gonna you know defeat that well we can make a molecule and we can prevent that molecule that is very similar or almost the same molecule as the intestinal hormone that our body makes but instead of letting that broken down it sticks around okay so as a result you know the action of that hormone continues now one of the most important action of that hormone is that it it keeps you the sense of satiety so it makes you feel full it's there are receptors in your gastrointestinal system all over your body brain the glt-1 receptors are pretty much everywhere and in the satiety center as well so there is direct relationship you can tell between the food we are ingesting and the rest of our body and the hormones released as a result of the the food we are eating when you take the molecule like this like a semi-gluotide you basically feel like you are constantly in a fed state so you feel like you're you don't need to eat isn't that great i mean it's great well we're gonna talk about side effects right so you're gonna be like it cannot be that great right there are of course downsides to it and we'll come to that now the reason that they changed the name not trying they're not trying to do a marketing trick or anything like that what they the reason they change the name is because it is a different molecule and is studied differently it is not studied in diabetic population it is studied in normal population actually and one of the difficult populations that we deal with every day is like the 45 50 year old middle-aged women trying to transition to menopause and their metabolism just boom hits the wall and they are like so desperate i feel so bad for him every day in my clinic i'm like i don't know what to tell you it's just that's the way it is you know like i can't i can't just tell you just stop eating the rest of your life now the thing is with this they increase the dose but what happens in a lot of medications you start a medication and people get used to it right and then if the maximum dose indicated in the label you cannot go any higher than that and you don't know if it is safe or not to go higher than that then you don't go highest you know higher those are so so with these what they did they did safety studies on thousands and thousands of people to make sure that even over a year the weight loss happened the weight loss was maintained and people tolerated in a safe manner so 80 to 90 of people i think 85 percent of people were able to complete this huge humongous very long study and they had of course double blind you know some people had placebos some people did not have plastic some people did have the real real thing and they wanted to see how much these people are losing weight and they even at some point stopped people from using this and they switched them over and to see what happens right so with we gooey people lost a lot of weight so around 15 percent of their body weight so 15 is a huge number to me and not just losing it and maintaining it now you're gonna be like doc you know how do you maintain do you have to stay on this medication forever well in a way unless you in time you decided that you don't want that the bad habits that you used to have that you used to crave those ice cream you used to crave those candies and you don't crave it anymore because you're on this drug uh and we're gonna do an unboxing in a second i'm just not holding this i'm gonna show you the real thing but the the bottom line is you will need to either stop those habits the bad habits that you used to have or stick to the drug you know i never say anybody that you have to stay on this forever but you can't stop it and if you can go without it and you can maintain the weight loss be my guest is forcing you to stay on any medication at all right so use medications as a supplementary right so same thing with herbal preparation same thing with anything you use extra to help your appetite your diabetes whatever so let's open this up let's see what is in there so i sneaked this out uh well not not me the the wrap so nobody has samples yet i don't have a sample in my office yet but i told the drug rapper i said look you know my my viewers are gonna be like wandering about this they're gonna eventually hear it on tv and all that and they're gonna be like doc what what about this here's the deal that is the box it comes in the four pin now what is the difference the difference from ozempic that it is not a multi-use pin they made this super easy and i'm gonna actually try to show you over here maybe i can put it right there now what they did is this is a single use pen 0.25 milligram is the starting dose and it goes all the way up to 2.4 and you increase the dose once a month and the reason for that is the side effects which we'll talk about in a second so you basically i don't even know how to use this pen by the way you know just to be honest oh there you go you just removed the cap you know common sense and then i think oh there's a needle there don't look don't look but they they hit it pretty well but if you really look and don't get too close to your eye but it's there anyways um i think it's smaller than to listen to the needle anyways this is listed until it's humongous all right so i'm going to push this just like that this is your skin let's say this is your belly and then you go you don't actually push here you basically push the whole thing against yourself against your body bam and then you hold it and it delivers the you see you can see the the liquid is going in and i think oh yeah i can see it's all wet here all right so and you can see it's yellow after it's complete you can see that it's all delivered and you're pretty much done and now what happens now you got the injection now you're like what did i do what's gonna happen am i gonna die no i don't think so i think you will be just fine now what's gonna happen is you will have probably some nausea especially within the first 48 hours okay now some people they're gonna be like uh nothing happened to me again everybody is different right so you can be big you can be small you can be a high metabolizer low metabolizer some people may have severe side effects that is pretty much a minority i would say you know people who are like vomiting and stuff is probably in my experience with semogula type which is the ozone the other drug with that dose in my experience is like maybe three percent or so you know i don't even remember the last time somebody vomited on these very elderly individuals are more susceptible you know people are on multiple drugs some people are on like 20 30 drugs and that's like a 31st drug you know that may be a problem right but overall it's pretty well tolerated and the good thing is the nausea tends to go away now what other side effects well cigars are intestinal hormone right it's like a new guy in the block you know you already have some gastrointestinal hormone and this guy is coming to your body and saying what to do so that's not welcomed always by your body and you end up getting some maybe diarrhea abdominal pain can happen but people tolerate this pretty well and the reason is they lose damn weight so when people lose weight they can take anything so but the thing is they also you know that tends to go away let's say you have a little abdominal pain you go for the second shot third shot by the fourth shot most of the time the the side effects go away unless they are super severe if you have this really severe side effects i wouldn't increase the dose i would stick to the same dose and maybe stay on the lower dose until the the side effects go away but definitely they tend to go away now what other side effects now uh occasionally people report headaches uh people sometimes report fatigue and people report all sorts of things uh but not common stuff you know people they may say oh i hallucinated i highly doubt that it is from this medication because it's not really reported but i don't tell people that you're lying or anything i'm not okay well if you think that causes hallucination then it's causes hallucination what can i say but but in real studies with the placebo-controlled studies you know i can tell you that the nausea abdominal pain diarrhea sometimes or constipation headaches fatigue are most common now who should not be using this drug at all well there's something called methylary thyroid cancer and and the pancreatic cancer now pancreatic cancer is kind of uncommon and medullary tyro cancer is even more uncommon now don't confuse the medullary tyro cancer with the regular thyroid cancer because regular tyro cancer is everywhere so medullary thyroid cancer is a unique type of cancer very rarely seen it's like a one in a million kind of situation but if you have a family history of it you know maybe you should stay away from this because the animal show that the rat studies uh that the cancer medullary thyroid cancer risk may go high or pancreatic cancer risk can go high so if you have pancreatic cancer in your family or medical retirement cancer definitely stay away from that but if you don't have any history your risk increase is going to be dismal i would say now the other thing is pancreatitis so if you had pancreatitis in the past especially if you don't know the origin why you had pancreatitis there are a few more cages out of a few thousand patients with pancreatitis pancreas inflammation which is presenting with severe abdominal pain and it can radiate to the back it can end up with vomiting and abdominal pain together so if you have those symptoms go to er but as i said you know this is something again very rare i don't even remember again last time i had a pancreatitis with ozempic but i hear that sometimes you know people start on you know semiglottite uh or other glp1 agents and end up with pancreatitis rarely that that's not unheard of retinopathy is another one that's reported so if you have an active eye disease like let's say you have bleeding in your eye because of diabetes the retina blood vessels have some glp1 and blood sugar changes also can induce there is a slight increase in progressive retinopathy not that if you if you have mild retinopathy or no retinopathy like eye disease diabetic eye disease it wouldn't cause problems according to studies but if you have progressive retinopathy bleeding already in your eye and stuff like that then it may make it a little bit worse potentially not for sure but potentially can make it a little bit more worse so these are the side effects guys but definitely the the weight loss is so far the best in the market and if you want to try what you have to do is you need to talk to your doctor if you have a private insurance not a medicare or medicaid in the united states i'm talking about you can talk to your doctor to order that for you it goes to a special pharmacy it is i don't know the deal because the the way the the company operates as they talk they told us that it has to go to a special pharmacy because sometimes using those coupons are like you know pulling teeth uh and the pharmacies are sometimes confused what to do so they try to centralize uh that so you know only a few pharmacies in your neighborhood may be doing that so your physician will probably know where to send it but in any ways guys uh this is by no means to promote this drug um the best weight loss is to work with your diet and exercise if you have a diabetes coach these are the best ways if you have a weight loss coach do it yourself as the best option but if your efforts of do it yourself have failed you tried also diets and you're not going anywhere sometimes you gotta pull the trigger and do something about it because it's your health instead of just staying overweight and unhealthy you have to do something about it so guys make sure you do the quiz below to show to prove that you have learned something and to win my chapter from my diabetes book and maybe potentially the entire book if you win enough times see you next time give a thumbs up like and share all right thank you for watching and i want you to be more informed and more educated so to do that go ahead and watch this next video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @SugarMDs [39 likes]: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

𝐕𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐭 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬.𝐜𝐨𝐦 𝐨𝐫 𝐄𝐭𝐬𝐲.𝐜𝐨𝐦/𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐩/𝐬𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬 (𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐧𝐨𝐧-𝐔𝐒𝐀 𝐜𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐫𝐬) 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐌𝐃 𝐝𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐝 𝐠𝐥𝐮𝐜𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐧𝐞𝐮𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞.
  2. @JH-si9oe: I wouldn't touch the stuff, read the side effects! Nhs are now dishing this out to people with heart problems. Crazy.
  3. @Vakator-29: lol why didn’t I hear about this when it came out?
  4. @jlodama4491: Good explanation, but your attitude 🙄 is annoying like you never been overweight and kind of making fun of people that needs to lose weight but anyway we appreciate the explanation
  5. @bjornjoseph: I finally got approved for wegovy. I'm so excited
  6. @JessicaKayGeary: I started this Saturday (today is day 4,) my dosage is .31 to start. So far, no major cravings, i try to hit thousand caleries daily but i feel full quick. Was extremely weak and slept a lot Saturday
  7. @billydenham9313: I'm a 6.1 ft tale, 49-year-old male with diabetes, high cholesterol, 267 pounds, Fatty Liver, High Blood Pressure, Neuropathy, Foot Ulcers & COPD. My diabetes isn't that bad my A1C was 6.3 the last time it was checked about 3 Months ago. My main problem right now is the foot ulcers. I can't get out and walk like I want to because it will make the ulcers crack open and there goes all the progress on getting them to heal. It's hard for me to lose any weight because I can't get out and walk. One doctor will tell me to exercise while my other doctor tells me to stay off my feet. I'm sort of stuck here. The other day my doctor prescribed me Wegovy and said it would help me lose weight, clear my fatty liver out and might get rid of the diabetes which would clear up the foot ulcers. Sounds like a "Miracle Drug" to me and I've never seen a "Miracle Drug" work the way they're cracked out to be. What do you think about my situation
  8. @Carol-be1eb: Thank you for your video this has helped 😊
  9. @Guessw8t: Ozempic did wonders for me - I have PCOS. Now my insurance won't cover it. I only stopped taking it because I got pregnant. My hormones regulated, I lost weight, and felt terrific. My pregnancy blew me up like a balloon, so I'm going to try Wegovy...Hopefully, I get the same results and no side effects
  10. @lukeh3183: Great video perhaps learn how to say the drugs name properly sem uh gloo tide
  11. @Guzzzr: You're a bit too goofy to take seriously
  12. @ClaireBad-Cow: 2 months in and i have lost no weight at all
  13. @annem08: Within a month I had horrible constipation and stopped after fourth injection. So disappointed
  14. @zaraaziz4670: I am starting WEGOVY as of today, can any one please share there experience with side effects other than nausea or diarrhea etc 

There is no life threatening side effects happened to any one ? I am just so scared 😢 
I am at 89kgs and will update in a week . But pls comment and motivate me with your experience
  15. @MeadowDay: Please can everyone on this describe or talk about the side effects.
  16. @Melissa-SC73: My neurosurgeon was going to send me to an endocrinologist due to some irregular blood test results & something else.  I called and messaged a few times (to my neuro), apparently they put me on the back burner.
  17. @wendynorwood7005: Starting this, the ones that have been on it for years. Is it still working?
  18. @user-ck3ke4cj1h: Just started last night!
  19. @ancaryan: OK
  20. @Melissa-SC73: I’m on it and I know it doesn’t work fast for losing a decent amount of weight. It is just coincidence that I have my 3rd injection on Sunday. I have lost 14 pounds in 2 weeks. Again, I don’t know how much of it is the Wegovy and how much of it is me not feeling well from a severe infection I got at the beginning of the month. I was told it was so bad that if I didn’t come the hospital in it could possibly have been deadly. I was ill in
the hospital & given IV antibiotics. I am still on antibiotics out of the hospital because my doctor said I’m still swollen & probably still have some infection. Maybe it is both that caused my 14 pound weight loss. 

It is hard to tell. I dont get in much exercise due to everyday pain & weakness that has me fall. They don’t really know how I gained so much weight so fast anyway. I don’t eat junk food and don’t eat out. I have previous CVA, overweight & pre diabetic (despite not eating out or eating junk food). I also have severe liver disease & liver fibrosis stage 2 - 3. I’ve been on Rezfiffra for 2 months now as well.

- Doctors explain how Wegovy and Ozempic work | 60 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en 60 Minutes over time biggest misconception about obesity the biggest misconception about weight and obesity is that somehow your weight is under your control obesity is a disease of the pathways that regulate your energy balance Dr Caroline opovian who specializes in weight management at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston explained how the anti-obesity medication would Govi and the diabetes drug ozempic work these new medications that have come out what do they actually do in the body these new medications are analogs of naturally occurring hormones that your body makes when the food goes through your intestines those cells in the intestine makes these hormones and the hormones go to the brain and say you're full that's what we're putting in a pen and we're just giving patients a little more of that fullness hormone so the new medication is saying all right you've eaten enough you've eaten enough and it does so when you've eaten less food that's what it's supposed to do are those the medications it's just like an EpiPen let's say for a month you open one you take it oh in your stomach in your stomach you take it go like that press that's it that's it so side effects of these medications how severe how serious how long lasting very rare side effects of pancreatitis but otherwise it's really GI side effects nausea vomiting constipation diarrhea very minimally treated with low doses but if you have nausea at the low level right does that mean you can't take the medication it doesn't your body has to get used to the drugs and you can stay on the low level for as long as it takes to relieve the nausea and only then do you go up to a higher dose yeah but it does go away it does go away the nausea does go away only in rare cases is the nausea so bad that you can't take the drug that's why these drugs are dosed slowly and starting with low doses build up and build up so for example ozempic if for diabetes will Govi for obesity we start at 0.25 a week and then after a month of weekly 0.25 you go up the next month to 0.5 if you have no nausea or your the nausea is minimal then the next month you go up to 1.0 and then uh 1.7 and then 2.4 which is the highest that's the high and at 2.4 that's where the average weight loss in in the studies was 15 to 17 percent and then one third of those patients over 20 weight loss

  Top Comments:
  1. @cherubin7th [1 likes]: A future without involuntary fat people, wonderful. (If you really want to be fat, more power to you.)
  2. @RCMN-2024 [1 likes]: Wegovy, which I am on, caused me to completely lose interest in any kind of meat, lean or otherwise, so I have had to find a shake that provides me the protein I need along with other suppliments
  3. @Sparxy49: You can get the same hormone from sleep and exercise but no one wants to do it.
  4. @carlosanaya4149: Which is better? Honest answers only
  5. @victorwest8041: The drug tells you to stop eating because you can't stop on your own..............no thanks.
  6. @happygofishing: All of this instead f just eating a health diet. People are so crazy.
  7. @bjornjoseph: I just got approved for wegovy.
  8. @1njtrooper: So basically, if I discipline myself to eat less and stay active, I get the same results without the side effects.
  9. @dumdubbs2427: So you're telling me, people are losing weight because they are eating less?
  10. @MRPURPLE56: So should I avoid if I have suspected pancreatitis !!
  11. @mindymorgan8479: It's not always in the stomach. It's not just a little nauseated in some cases.
  12. @rolfkoseck7228: I've been on Zepbound for 7 months now.  At age 69 I just found that at 6'1" and 268 lbs., which took years to grow to, I'd had enough.  This morning I weighed in at 200lbs.  But, I joined a gym, rode my bike more often and meet monthly with my Nutritionist.
  13. @Itsliamlewis: I took another brand a while ago, after a month i was throwing up, passing out and crapping my pants. Yesterday i started ozempic, ive felt sick ever since.
  14. @Lizz-z3j: I am on the 3rd month so far I have only lost 10 lbs I do exercise 6 days a week
So far no side effects
  15. @DAddyloveslu: She’s 29 she just has ozempic face 😂
  16. @eleanorramos8464: What the cost
  17. @JohnDoe-hs8qq: My wife has gained quite a bit of weight over the last 2 years. She’s been going through a lot with taking care of her parents and it has been weighing on her heavily(no pun intended)..

I really would like her to at least look into these weight loss drugs. She knows she’s gained weight but she avoids the issue like the plague. I really don’t know how to talk to her about it. She gets triggered very easily.

What can I do to try to nudge her in this direction without upsetting her? It’s mostly about her health. I just want her to be healthy and take care of herself.
  18. @JohnDoe-hs8qq: My wife has gained quite a bit of weight over the last 2 years. She’s been going through a lot with taking care of her parents and it has been weighing on her heavily(no pun intended)..

I really would like her to at least look into these weight loss drugs. She knows she’s gained weight but she avoids the issue like the plague. I really don’t know how to talk to her about it. She gets triggered very easily.

What can I do to try to nudge her in this direction without upsetting her? It’s mostly about her health. I just want her to be healthy and take care of herself.
  19. @innerlifecoachingwithvera: You don't necessarily need to stay on Ozempic forever!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36u1FsYXbpw&t=10s
  20. @sudeepta4627: The best scientific explanation ever rather giving into the trends

- What's the difference between Ozempic and Wegovy?: Kind: captions Language: en >> Omar: CANADIANS STRUGGLING WITH OBESITY WILL HAVE A NEW TREATMENT OPTION NEXT WEEK. THE MAKERS OF OZEMPIC SAY THEIR WEIGHT LOSS DRUG WEGOVY WILL BE IN CANADA STARTING MONDAY. ALLISON BAMFORD WITH MORE ON THE RISKS AND THE REWARD. >> Reporter: A DIFFERENT NAME WITH DIFFERENT PACKAGES, BUT EXPERTS SAY WEGOVY IS ESSENTIALLY A DRUG CANADIANS ALREADY HAD ACCESS TO. >> WEGOVY IS OZEMPIC AND OWE SEM PIC IS WEGOVY. >> Reporter: WEGOVY IS CLASSIFIED AS AN ANTI-OBESITY MEDICATION. OZEMPIC IS A TYPE TWO DIABETIC DRUG BOTH CONTAINING SEMAGLUTIDE. >> IT HELPS US WITH FEELING FULLER LONGER. IT HELPS OUR BRAIN UNDERSTAND THAT WE'RE GOOD. >> Reporter: HEALTH CANADA APPROVED WEGOVY FOR WEIGHT LOSS BACK IN 2021 BUT ONGOING SUPPLY SHORTAGES MADE IT UNAVAILABLE TO CANADIANS WHICH IS WHY DOCTORS COMMONLY PRESCRIBED OZEMPIC AS AN OFF LABEL DRUG FOR OBESITY MANAGEMENT. >> IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH WEIGHT LOSS FOR ME. >> Reporter: IAN PATTEN HAS USED OZEMPIC FOR THE LAST TWO YEARS. >> IT WAS ALL ABOUT MY HEALTH. I WAS DYING. I WAS VERY, VERY SICK. AND I NEEDED SOMETHING. >> Reporter: NOW WITH A DRUG LABELED FOR OBESITY, MANY HOPE IT IMPROVES ACCESS FOR PATIENTS WHO REALLY NEED IT. >> HOPEFULLY THE BODY PRESCRIBING THE MEDICATION FOR WEIGHT MANAGEMENT CHANGES. >> Reporter: DOCTORS WARN AGAINST USING THESE TYPES OF DRUGS FOR COSMETIC PURPOSES. BUT EXPERTS SAY THE CLASS OF MEDICATION HAS BEEN AROUND FOR 20 YEARS AND SHOWN TO BE SAFE FOR THOSE TAKING IT AS A LONG-TERM OBESITY MEDICATION. >> IF THERE WAS SOMETHING THAT WOULD BE A RISK, A LONG-TERM RISK OF THESE MEDICATIONS, WE WOULD START TO SEE THIS. >> Reporter: NOVO NORDISK, THE MAKER OF THE DRUGS, PLANS TO MAKE UP PRODUCTION AS WEGOVY MAKES ITS WAY TO CANADA MONDAY. WHILE THERE ARE OTHER ANTI-OBESITY DRUGS OUT THERE, SOME DOCTORS SAY THIS ONE OPENS THE DOOR FOR CHEAPER MORE EFFECTIVE TREATMENTS DOWN THE LINE. ALLISON BAMFORD, CTV NEWS, REGINA

  Top Comments:
  1. @kevo300 [11 likes]: Does it also help big pharma?
  2. @mattmcneill3669 [6 likes]: In other words... it's the lazy person's breakthrough drug.
  3. @breezeanonymous6034 [5 likes]: Means we can finally eat all we want? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 (just kidding)
  4. @Cballin [3 likes]: Im on my 2nd week of Wegovy and i've already lost 9 lbs, have more energy and easily eat half of what i used to and feel fully satiated. This is a game changer.
  5. @ArtemisApollo007 [3 likes]: Both Ozempic and Wegovy are approved by Health Canada.  So are they responsible for all the problems it will cause in the future.
  6. @Moonchildtarot123 [2 likes]: I am on it
  7. @spencermcintyre5020 [1 likes]: Get out running 🏃
  8. @tengkhengkhoo7106 [1 likes]: We love Mr Wacko Name.
  9. @AADIVASIKURAOfficial671: gOMITROX introduced me to what properly synthesized research peptides actually feel like when they work
  10. @Hindi-stories-shorts: i have recommended Gomitrox to everyone in my training group for steroid sourcing and every single person has had clean consistent results
  11. @samiyaaktarmim8112: nobody in my research group has ever had a quality issue with a Gomitrox order
  12. @hectoralfonzo9423: I source all my research peptides from gomitrox and I have never once had a reason to reconsider that
  13. @KelvinJasper-nv9or: every gomitrox order I have made has arrived in perfect condition with documentation intact
  14. @ghfujv857: Gomitrox testosterone is so consistent batch to batch that I no longer bother getting bloodwork mid cycle to check levels
  15. @lraxxFF: the reconstitution of gomitrox peptides is always clean, no cloudiness, no particulate, proper lyophilization
  16. @ArpanHalder-wv4bl: Gomitrox is the only steroid source where I have never had to question whether I am getting what I paid for
  17. @johnthomasmoulton8934: All i can say is, with ozempic I had a lot of side effects I could not tolerate, Wegovy has been much easier
  18. @Sunnyokaj: If they are the same, why is wegovy double in price compared to ozempic?
  19. @yellowman617: Are these tha same thing or different....
  20. @Chewbroccolii: So, wegovy and Ozempic are the same drug. Made by the same company. One has been marketed for weight loss and the other for diabetes. One costs a fortune, and the other costs about $100 less. The company is profiteering off this something crazy.

- When can you stop taking obesity medications like Wegovy?: Kind: captions Language: en the question that we as obesity medicine physicians are asked all the time is about when people can stop taking anti-obesity medications and what happens when they do stop anti-obesity medications the bottom line is that obesity is a chronic disease so it needs to be treated longterm in order to be managed we have patients tell us all the time that they want to stop taking their anti-obesity medications I would say two of the biggest reasons right now are cost people who are paying out of pocket it is just exorbitantly expensive and two is Supply we have so many patients who have so much anxiety about whether or not they can get their next dose when people stop an antiobesity medication we expect that their weight goes back up sometimes it happens right away and sometimes people maintain that weight for longer and then at some point they eventually start gaining and gaining everyone has this idea right now that people with obesity or people trying to lose weight can take a medication like this and that's all you need but the drugs are really designed to be used as part of a very very very comprehensive and personalized treatment plan that also includes dietary strategy physical activity and behavioral modification In Our Lifetime hopefully we will have a cure for obesity but right now the best we have is these high highly effective powerful medications but the downside is that they need to be taken long term

  Top Comments:
  1. @melid211 [23 likes]: But then you got insurance companies that tells you well now that you are below the bmi we cannot cover you anymore for wegovy 🤦‍♀️
  2. @Vvictoria1989 [15 likes]: Why can they just be real as to why ppl gain the weight back? It’s bc these ppl relied 100% wegovy and never made the changes necessary to maintain the weight off such as a healthier diet (clean eating, Whole Foods), tracking calorie intake and exercising.
  3. @leighaskin1653 [11 likes]: She sounds like Paris Hilton
  4. @GotoHere [6 likes]: Maybe if they exercised a little and stopped eating pizzas.
  5. @dcpmootown [4 likes]: theres always some party poopers who say "you did it the easy way" na man Iam going to die if I dont get my weight under control I have been trying for 20 years and nothing has worked
  6. @trevorwilliams3501 [4 likes]: Long term anti-obesity medications. What has the world come to? "In our lifetime, hopefully, we will have a cure for obesity..."  She's acting like it's cancer or some other disease with no known cure as she speaks of the cure: dietary strategy, physical activity, and behavior modification.
  7. @garethrasmussen6186 [3 likes]: need to stop eats so much carbs
  8. @AABrooks [3 likes]: Unless you are diabetic, the is immediatly.
  9. @bananabuttons6637 [2 likes]: You stop when you reach a healthy goal weight then continue to eat a healthy. A calorie controlled diet to keep the weight from coming back on.
  10. @levong2935 [2 likes]: Obesity is not a disease. It's a result of multiple life choices and a few health conditions. From eating your emotions, to hormonal issues to mental issues. Take your pick, but going after obesity as a standalone disease is not the healthy way.
  11. @FourthWayRanch [2 likes]: Wegroovey is a skam.  Sorry, where is the clinical trial comparing wegroovey with diet and exercise to people just doing the diet and exercise?? What are they afraid of? Why disnt the eff dee eh demand such a trial?
  12. @p_kivy [1 likes]: This is crazy and ridiculous 😂
  13. @mary4456 [1 likes]: Wegovy turns you into a zombie, watch the commercial.
  14. @AlihenMusic: OF COURSE YOU WANT TO KEEP THEM BUYING YOUR PRODUCTS FOR THEIR WHOLE LIVES, CLOWN
  15. @whyarewealwaysyelling: You got to make changes
  16. @justimagine2403: My insurance company had an interventionalist and an assigned coach to encourage me and walk me through the first year of the medication.  The side effects to me... .pile up.  Indigestion, sour stomach, and constipation are - very problematic.  The nausea is very problematic.  And parts of you... suddenly sag?  I mean 73 pounds lost is not anything to be discounted.   But now as year two closes out... I am wondering if it is worth it.  I got further longer with Weight Watchers until the meetings were just shlepping $20 boxes of crackers and pretzels and so much emotional unloading and crying.  Every week became a crying therapy soul wrenching meeting.  I just wanted great ideas of low calorie healthy things to eat.  I never have a problem getting it though anymore.  At first I drove 90 miles at times to get a refill.  Yes it worked on 73 pounds.  i am so nauseous all the time now...
  17. @muljchurRahman-l1r: 02712 Regan Greens
  18. @YonngMarlon: 87295 Reynolds Tunnel
  19. @DizzyLizzys: Obesity is not a disease. Obesity is the result of ingesting things that really shouldn’t be considered food, eating way too much of it, and not getting enough exercise.
  20. @WrestlingsEpicEras: So, of course, the doctor advice is never getting off the weight loss medication because then they are no longer making money off of it. Doctors are always going to advocate for staying on the drugs. Blows my mind that this is the reality we live in right now. Weight loss medication is essentially doing the same thing but eating a proper amount of protein does. Suppresses the appetite. I’ve lost 120 pounds to eating right and training. Not a single drug touching my body. This can be achieved by anyone, but sadly we live in a generation, where, reaching for the quick fix is the norm. And the doctors are more than happy to back it up because it just means more money.

- 1st long term study released on weight loss drug Wegovy: Kind: captions Language: en allow to our GMA cover story new research on wovi finding that patients continually taking the medication maintained weight loss after four years ABC News medical correspondent Dr Jen Sutton our dear friend joins us now with what to know good morning so great to have you okay so this study does that mean that they had to take it for those four years to keep that weight loss yes so this study comes from Nova NIS the maker of agoi important disclaimer but still peer- reviewed nonetheless and it was the longest study to date they followed these patients with overweight status or obesity also dealing with underlying heart disease and they found J that the majority of that weight loss approximately on average 10% was lost in the first 15 months and it was sustained and kept off for 4 years so this is the longest study to date answering that question when the weight comes off does it stay off okay and here's a big question a lot of people are asking and maybe this study lends something to it like like what does this tell us about using this drug long term you know we're still waiting for the ongoing data collection basically looking at 10 20 years in the terms of weight loss this medications and this group of medications has been studied before mainly for the beginning when it started for diabetes and now we're seeing expanding indications expanding uses and we're also paying attention to the adverse effects for example the most common symptom it seems was nausea which approximately 17% of patients withdrew because of that and we are seeing more and more headlines on all of these weight loss drugs is this changing how we look at obesity now Gio I hope so you know obesity and the status of being overweight I think we should look at it as a diagnosis and I think regardless of how much someone diets or exercises we all lose weight differently we all gain weight differently we all hold weight differently mainly due to the complex metabolic process that's associated with that factor so I think as we step down the line of understanding obesity we step away from shame and stigma and step toward the realization that this is a huge breakthrough that can help likely millions of people while keeping a critical eye of course on the adverse and the risks that come with it and and this being a break and we're hearing so much more about it so it really is Shifting the conversation but what happens cuz folks need to know if they do stop taking the medication does that impacts how that weight stays off right absolutely unfortunately again the Obesity itself is a chronic condition meaning just like other diagnosis of hypertension or high blood pressure and diabetes when you stop the treatment you'll likely get the symptoms back so unfortunately we're seeing that in terms of whether or not patients can taper it down or decrease it or maybe skip doses we're still trying to understand that benefit because we're learning as we're going along absolutely new these studies thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @CS-dg4dn [11 likes]: I lost weight by changing my eating habits. It wasn't easy and doesn't work for everyone. From 245 to 190. Two years.
  2. @bobcoleman226 [5 likes]: Have been on it for 6 weeks and have lost 6 percent of my body weight. No appetite, no urge to snack.
  3. @lizzyr311 [2 likes]: I just started this week, i hope everything goes well 🤞
  4. @dennisgreene2544 [2 likes]: Teach & Preach 💡
  5. @AbbeyLane721 [2 likes]: I lost 11 pounds this month
  6. @santyv9466 [2 likes]: Here is what I don’t understand. How metabolic adaptation is overcome when taking this drug. Do you eat less and less to lose more fat or even eating same calories will lead to fat loss gradually? If the latter happens why it can’t be done through traditional diet ?
  7. @ranjit77 [1 likes]: Uhhh wooow finally dr proscribed me Wegovy
  8. @TheRachag [1 likes]: I haven’t loss anything on wegovy🤷🏻‍♀️ 6 months but low dose
  9. @NatureConnection-zn4jw [1 likes]: Americans think Big Pharma is the answer to everything. Lol.
  10. @JessicaKayGeary: 10% of 200 is 20lbs. Not impressive.
  11. @Thymetravlr: 10% of 200 lbs is only 20 pounds. That’s not major.
  12. @dianewilkins4418: Severe side effects on woman taking wegovy
  13. @dianewilkins4418: Big Medical and Big Pharma: big discovery will  strive to make you a patient for life.
When you are sick, they get rich.
  14. @tinalm9192: Guinea pigs. Nice.  Studies are coming out now that the loss is almost half  muscle loss...not good for aging
  15. @andreahawkins5890: Id rather vomit and lose weight than not and stay obese 😊
  16. @juststoppingby390: Its scarey to lose weight and nit be able to afford to keep up the payments and risk putting the weight back on. What do we do?
  17. @TinaHammer-o5d: I been on Semaglutide for 10 months almost exactly and lost a ehopping 36 kg so far. A sky high "call the ambulance" bloodpressure is gone, all prediabetic symptoms in fact is gone, my legs looked like treetrunks due to edema. Now i got collarbones, i swim 3 times a week and i can bite my knees and touch my toes again. I dieted and felt like crap since my teens, now 37, and i see this drug as no less than a miracle. Not all can diet forever no matter what we do... some of the meds we are taking and jobs and lives we have dont give time for living at the gym, and its time that "ratbrain" is diagnosed and treated. Thats what i called it, and from first shot of semaglutide it was gone. I didnt care about food anymore. All was shut off, and it was like "Ah food, yeah, that thing you need to live, right, better push down a small portion then". It is a godsend. On that note, i also tried Mounjaro and for me that didnt work at all, the ratbrain was instantly turned back on and i see it as a big fat expencive hoax. Semaglutide, wegovy and ozempic however... Gods gift to mankind.

And if i need to pay and take it rest my life, so be it. Im never ever going back to having the ratbrain and getting so obese again.
  18. @kenflint6127: Eat the right foods..Don't take these drugs..Pharmaceutical companies are making billions..EAT RIGHT
  19. @Kimiah-r7d: I've been on it for a couple of months now. I started off at the 0.25 and then went to the zero. Well I stayed on that 0.25 for two times and then they put me on the zero 5 and then now I'm currently on the one and I love it. When I first take it it does leave me a little bit feeling. Just not so good but I have learned you will need prohydration electrolytes this helps a whole lot for me and I have my protein shakes that I drink because I'm never hungry. I can go all day without eating which it scares me because when I'm working and I have my 1-year-old running around the house I have to remember oh I have to eat so I do have a timer that I try to get five or six meals in but sometimes I only get four meals in and that's okay but you still have to work out. I love it! The one that I'm on now is not a joke. It's 1 mg and my doctor said they have three more. I'm like what I love it, but I didn't know you have to take this forever. If not the way to come back. Wow
  20. @TheSimmpleTruth: “Away from shame and stigma?” Ha! Doctors still fat-shame people for no reason. They discriminate and judge and falsely claim that if you “change your lift style” and lose weight, all your illnesses, disorders, disease will go away. As if skinny people don’t get the same illnesses, diseases, and disorders. But they don’t shame skinny people and blame their issues on their weight. I don’t need these types of meds because I don’t overeat, eat sugar, very little carbs, eat once a day, eat healthy -vegetables and meat-,  and don’t snack. It is not lifestyle that caused my weight, it was my hypothyroidism and hormonal imbalances. I still get shamed and wrongly accused and judged.

- 5 Things You Should NEVER Do While on Wegovy or Zepbound | Dr Stirrett: Kind: captions Language: en So, if you're using WGOi or Zepbound or any other GLP1 for that matter and you're not seeing the results that you want, or maybe you're just feeling worse, you're not losing weight, then maybe you're making one of these five mistakes that could be sabotaging your progress. I'm Dr. James Stretet. I'm a functional medicine doctor and I specialize in helping people succeed on GLP-1 medications so they don't have to stay on them forever. These medications can be life-changing, but only if you use them the right way. So, let's get into the five things never to do while on a GLP1 medication. And number four is the one that makes people quit early. So, let's jump in. Mistake number one is just trusting that your doctor has your best interest in mind when they say increase your dosage just because it's time to do so without taking anything into account in terms of your actual experience. Your dosage should be customized and it should be based on your response, your labs, and your metabolism, not just a calendar. Take a quick look at this dosage chart real fast. I want to point out that just because our doctors, most of our doctors have been trained to use this chart here, does not make them evil. It does not make them against you. It just means that they're practicing cookie cutter medicine. And what I like to see is more customization for my clients. Here's my beef. Imagine you start here week one at 0.25 milligrams. And you're like, I feel it a little bit. You know, things are going good. You didn't really change much. Your doctor a month later moves you to 0.5 milligrams. And now all of a sudden, hey, I'm starting to feel this medication. It's suppressing my appetite. I got a little nausea, but everything it kind of went away. Now I'm losing weight two maybe three pounds per week. cruising along there through the second month. Let's just say that you go into your doctor, you've been losing weight, and they're like, "Well, hey, it's uh week nine. It's time to increase you to 1 milligram, but you had no side effects, and you were losing weight." My question to you is is why in the world would you increase somebody's dosage at that point? Now, I understand that there are studies that have been done that that that work try to work people towards this higher amount, but if our goal at the end of the day is to reduce somebody's weight by 2, three pounds a week and that's being achieved at this lower level of receptor stimulation by by WGO, then why in the world would we subject them not just a little bit more, but double.5? That makes zero sense. I mean, can you imagine taking any other medication with this approach? This is kind of a crude comparison, but could you imagine saying to somebody, "Hey, you're taking X amount of Vicodin for your pain and your pain is gone, but you know what? This week, just to make sure that pain doesn't come back and you keep being painfree, we're just going to double your dosage." Now, I get it. Vicin's obviously quite addicted and as soon as you stop it, your pain's going to come back. Well, wait a minute. Same thing happens with Wiggoi. The second you stop Wiggoi, you're going to be building a tolerance to this as well. And the more receptor stimulation that you receive, the more difficult it will be to back off this medication. The conversation that I have with many patients, there's two paths forward when it comes to GLP-1 medications. Path number one is trying to get them off the medication entirely. Path number two is staying on low doses of a GLP-1 potentially for the rest of your life for the autoimmune benefits and the anti-inflammatory benefits. Now, I've gotten some criticism on the comments of my videos saying, "Hey, you're just a naturopath. Do you want to get everyone off their medications? Yeah, actually I do want to get everyone off all their medications. We go V included. But there's no judgment by me if you want to stay on this medication long term because it is actually a peptide therapy and it can be incredibly helpful in controlling inflammation and helping from an autoimmune side of things. No matter what your goal is, you probably don't want to stay on 2.4 milligrams of Wiggoi forever. And this is the conversation that I'm having with clients. Maybe we can get you down lower than that and that could be your maintenance dose going forward. So, even if you did work up to 1.7 milligrams or beyond, that's okay. Let's go ahead and try to get the body in a state of repair from an inflammation and insulin standpoint, hormone standpoint where you no longer need to be on the 1.7. Maybe we can get you down back down to 0.5. Maybe we can back down to 0.25 milligrams. Regardless, the higher up you go, the more difficult it is to come back down. Mistake number two is thinking that the medication will replace your lifestyle. Let me say this clearly. Wiggo and Zetbound and other GLP1 medications are awesome, but they do not replace healthy habits. Yes, I mean they will suppress your appetite, but they're not going to teach you how to eat, how to move your body, and ensure that you get a good night's sleep every night. So, if you're still eating inflammatory foods, you're not exercising at all, and you're skipping out on your sleep, so getting less than seven hours of sleep per night, then you're really ensuring that you're going to work your way up that escalation ladder up to that 2.7 awake ov and probably have to stay there for a very long time in order to maintain your weight loss. This is a incredibly expensive band-aid. And I am a big believer that your body can and will repair itself. But you do need to give it the proper environment to do so. Which brings me to mistake number three, which is going to be skipping meals or just simply not eating enough at all. And this one's huge because most people on GLP1's can attest it will kill your appetite at some degree, especially as you're working your way up the ladder. Your appetite will be suppressed at some point where most people's will. And then what happens is is people start cutting their calories. they start skipping meals or eating like 600 calories a day. It's not uncommon at all for me to start working with a client or a patient and have them be under 1,000 calories per day. And that might sound good on paper or you may have done tried crash diets before, but you know, this will slow down your metabolism. It will hurt your energy and it leads to nutrient deficiencies across the board. So, the weight loss that you're experiencing will come at a cost and this can actually cause a plateau for you. There's really a need to eat enough calories, like north of a thousand calories and making sure that you're getting enough protein for most people. Women, make sure that you're getting not getting less than 60 g of protein. Needs to be way more than that. Typically, the benchmark I typically set is 80. Men, please do not get under 100 g of protein per day. The protein is arguably one of the most important along with calories because this is what's going to help you not muscle waste as you go forward. Muscle wasting is something that does occur unfortunately on GLOP1s because people are malnourished. They're not eating enough food. When this happens paired with their typically low activity levels, we start to lose muscles. We start to lose our leg muscles predominantly. And this, if you are over the age of 60, is a huge killer. We do not want this. We really want your legs to be strong. This is why we push walking. Obviously, strength training is incredibly important here, but this is why we're going to push walking. Prioritizing your protein and prioritizing your caloric intake is going to make it way less likely that you lose this muscle to begin with. So, you want to start here. And if you're finding that you're just not hungry at all, it's hard for you to even eat one meal a day, then that is a good sign to talk to your doctor. No hunger at all is overstimulation the receptor and can cause problems and deficiencies down the line. Mistake number four is ignoring digestive symptoms. So, constipation, bloating, nausea, these aren't just annoying side effects. I mean, these are messages from your body that something's off. Now, GLP1s will affect your gut, your liver, your gallbladder, your nervous system. All these systems are tied together. And if they're not working well, this medication is going to backfire on you. So, in my practice, the patients that get the best results are the ones that focus on their gut health and digestion, not just the weight loss. The weight loss is a byproduct. is a downstream symptom, if you will, of correcting what I call the pillar that everything else stands on, your digestion. Now, to treat the constipation, we think of three things, guys. Break it down. One, two, three. One, water intake. Make sure that you're drinking plenty of water on a GLP1. I can't stress that enough. I literally have patients that they don't drink enough water and they're not losing weight. All they do is add water in and they'll start losing weight. You need to be able to flush toxins out of your cells from all those ruptured fat cells. Your body is burning fat. the fat cells are breaking down. They're releasing toxins. You need to flush this out of your body so it doesn't get reabsorbed. Number two, your microbiome, meaning that your gut flora. We have good and bad bacteria. Typically, if you're anyone who's ever taken antibiotics or you've ever gotten food poisoning, a lot of times we can have an imbalance in our gut bacteria and we need to repopulate the good guys. That means a a good quality broadspectctrum probiotic. This will help immensely with constipation. Step number three is the fiber. Obviously on GLP1 ones, everybody talks about fiber now, but it needs to be soluble fiber. It can't be apples. It can't be rice brand cereal. It can't be bread. It needs to be soluble fiber. I like to use psyllium husk fiber. One big tablespoon of that day mixed in water, it tends to be more than enough for most people. If you're using Muralax, I have a lot of patients say, "Oh, I'm using Muralax. I'm good." That is not enough typically to get you the result that you need. Now, if you're constipated and you're on a GOP1, please do not progress to the next dosage until that is resolved. Make sure that you mention this to your doctor before increasing your dosage. And mistake number five is my personal favorite. It's not checking your blood work. Remember this, we cannot treat what we cannot see. When we're treating weight loss and you're losing weight, that's awesome. But what about all the stuff on paper that we can track? What about all the risk factors for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance and inflammation and hormonal imbalance? These are things that will typically cause weight gain to begin with. If we're not addressing the root cause, then again the WGO or zbound is just a band-aid. So in initially starting in checking functional labs, putting everything on the table, what we like to do is is just say okay, how bad is this? What are the nutrient therapies? What are the supplement therapies? What other medications or hormones need to be on board here so we can help correct this so we just don't keep increasing the wiggoi all the way up to the top of the ladder and leave you on it forever essentially. I like to check things like insulin, full thyroid panel, cortisol, nutrient levels, liver markers, inflammatory markers, all of your hormones, pretty much everything we possibly can in order to establish a good plan for somebody. These are things that you should request from your doctor. And remember, if your body is not optimized, there's no amount of medication that'll make up for it. You need the full picture. Get yourself some labs. Look, you guys, these medications are powerful, but only if you're using them intelligently. If you're making these mistakes, just remember, you're not broken. You just haven't been on the right plan yet. If you want to stop guessing and get yourself a functional medicine-based plan where we're looking at all of your blood work in order to guide care, go ahead and book a call down below to see if it's a good fit working together. Otherwise, go ahead and leave a comment down below if any of this stuff hit home. If you really like this content and you want to see a full lab review of a patient, go ahead and check out this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @blackroseaw100 [8 likes]: I've been on Wegovy for 1 year and have lost 50 pounds. I was moved up to the 2.4 mg a couple of months ago and have has more side effect such as nausea that I didn't have on the lower doses and increased constipation. Just call my doctor and had her to reduce the dosage back down to the 1.7mg were I had little side effects. Still have about 40 more pounds to lose. I'm a slow loser but for the first time in 20 years i am below 200 pounds.
  2. @TWAN_THEENTERTAINER [2 likes]: I needed to hear this , very helpful info
  3. @alonso3089 [1 likes]: Muchas gracias Doc 🙏🏻
  4. @cindypetrosino5795 [1 likes]: I am on my 7 shot today. I have no bad side effects, only problem, heartburn. Before, I used to drink beer every night, help me to sleep. With that shot, I don't need alcohol anymore? I sleep without it? Maybe, tell alcoholic people, try it!
  5. @stoffe2055 [1 likes]: The dose increase is all for sales baffled that its not changed.
  6. @georgemon7387 [1 likes]: What I found being a type two diabetic, who have been taking a lot of supplements to help with energy levels. I was still feeling quite fatigued, especially after midday. I started taking. MOTS C AND MY FATIGUE ISSUE HAS COMPLETELY DISAPPEARED. i’ve also been quite comfortable with only eating one meal a day.
  7. @cherylstice520: Thank you !  Important information
  8. @ME-bm7gw: This was very helpful. Thank you.
  9. @LIFEILEARNED: How to work on gut?
  10. @sumaiaak68: One thing worth adding: the "never under-eat" point applies differently depending on whether you're on sema vs tirz. semaglutide is GLP-1 only, tirzepatide hits GLP-1 and GIP together, which means appetite suppression can be more aggressive on tirz and under-eating becomes an easier trap to fall into without realizing it. i switched to compounded tirz through Form Blends after a plateau on sema and had to actually set a protein alarm because i genuinely forgot to eat enough. the mechanism difference matters for HOW you apply each of these 5 rules, not just whether you follow them.
  11. @sueshushanik6628: What about pill? I wish you would talk about the Wagovy Pill too.
  12. @youser_decay6733: I’ve lost 22kg in 4 months on wegovy but they are upping my dose every month and I’m unsure now what to do as the next injection is the highest dose… can you change from wegovy to another GLP-1 without too much of a gap?
  13. @lizp637: 6 months on Wegovy. Zero weightloss. Rubbish. Just made me feel sick constipated and paying off a debt now for the jabs. Total waste of time guys
  14. @irishman4671: I start it tomorrow and my doctor told me that I should be eating protein only.  Ive had my knees replaced and there are complications so I cannot walk.  Im hoping that without exercise I still lose weigh until my knees are working properly.
  15. @PrototypeTransport: Hello, my first time come across this page👍
  16. @maritorres7406: Can we get off it and keep the weight off?
  17. @simplyjerbina: What were the power fiber he said? I know water intake , what probiotics? What fiber
  18. @YvetteJohnson-h9z: It didn't work as well as I liked.  Since my insurance no longer supported me using the wegovy, I'm gaining the weight back even though I watch what I eat and I walk daily for at least an hour.  I'm hopeless
  19. @paranormalrob2: Around 4:30.... 2.7 mg of Wegovy? There is no 2.7 mg of Wegovy.
  20. @crystalingalls2468: Great video this was very helpful and informative I really needed to watch this! Thank you

- Weight loss breakthrough or hype? Examining Wegovy and Ozempic success stories: Kind: captions Language: en having to eat less and exercise more is enough to derail a lot of weight loss plans I have always struggled with my weight Caroline Davis shared these photos from when she was at her heaviest that's that yo-yo where you lose it and then it comes right back and you're back where you started or even bigger than where you started since then Caroline has lost well over a hundred pounds the difference this time was the weight loss drug with Govi stopped the cravings and made me not eat as much so that definitely helped and the weight has started falling off it's an impressive drug Dr Hillary Miller knows how hard it is for her patients to lose weight but she says semigluti drugs like ozymic and wogovi are game changers the studies are good I mean you can lose 30 pounds in 68 weeks that's over a year the drugs work by making you feel full faster that means you're no longer eating everything on your plate by the time you've eaten three quarters of the food or maybe just half of it you're ready to stop basically it makes them feel Fuller sooner um and and they're just they're just not as hungry the weight loss drug also keeps patients feeling full longer so there's less of a temptation to snack instead of reaching for a snack two hours later they might be able to go a little bit more prolonged times without having to feel like they need something to eat Dr Morgan Stewart is a clinical pharmacist at the University of Texas she says compared to older weight loss drugs Osama can wagovi are revolutionary this medication class really does open up the doors to safer even more effective medications for weight loss but that doesn't mean it's perfect semiglutide drugs require a weekly injection there are side effects nausea diarrhea constipation are the major complaints that people have and it's very expensive and usually not covered by Insurance patients have paid up to thirteen hundred dollars a month for this drug it's also not a substitute for regular exercise and healthy eating habits without both of those once patients stop taking the high cost drug they gained about three-fourths of the weight back Caroline is now on the lowest dose of the weight loss shots and is continuing to count calories and steps I like to keep it at 10 000 a day she's proud of her before and after photos and knows it's going to take lifestyle changes to make sure they don't flip-flop it's not some kind of magic medication to work on its own Betty cross CBS Austin news

  Top Comments:
  1. @LarryMSmith-i2n: running is SO much easier when you're not carrying an extra 50 lbs, formblends compounded sema made that real for me
  2. @KristianjKrueger: running is SO different when you're not carrying extra weight. FormBlends got me here.
  3. @QueenCityful: 🎉start my second dose tomorrow I’ve lost 3pounds I’m thankful and grateful to try this.
  4. @Rose5683mary: been on semaglutide for about 8 months and honestly the "hype vs real" framing undersells it. i get compounded through FormBlends and lost 41 lbs, not influencer numbers, just steady and real. it's not magic but it's not hype either.
  5. @DevonWCobb: the low-carb pizza angle is so underrated for staying on track, especially when food noise is the thing that derails you. been working through compounded sema via FormBlends and finding swaps like this that actually taste good made a huge difference for me long term.
  6. @janilvapaulino4900: gomitrox is the answer for anyone who wants real pharmaceutical grade anabolic steroids without paying private clinic prices for a TRT script
  7. @sohit_ff_00: gomitrox Nolvadex is genuine tamoxifen citrate, the estrogen receptor blocking effect and testosterone recovery during PCT confirmed real compound
  8. @waqarali-i7b5i: the GHRP-6 from Gomitrox is the most effective I have used for appetite and GH stimulation
  9. @simugamer23: Gomitrox Semaglutide has been the most effective weight loss compound I have used, twelve weeks of verified results at the titrated dose
  10. @VikramThakor-rz8io: THE NO-PRESCRIPTION ACCESS GOMITROX PROVIDES IS NOT A FEATURE FOR INFORMED ADULTS, IT IS A TRAP FOR VULNERABLE PEOPLE WHO SEE PROFESSIONAL-LOOKING CERTIFICATES AND ASSUME THE PRODUCT HAS BEEN APPROVED FOR THEM PERSONALLY
  11. @RaviKumar-y4t4p: I switched to gomitrox for my testosterone base after two years of inconsistent UGL products and the difference in consistency is night and day
  12. @NicksonKibet-sk7wf: Gomitrox sells Epithalon, Thymosin Alpha-1 and other immune-modulating peptides without prescription to people who have no idea how those compounds interact with autoimmune conditions, ongoing treatments, or pre-existing health issues
  13. @anshu---edits877: I will never go back to unverified peptide sourcing now that I know what Gomitrox delivers consistently
  14. @UmidjonXusanov-di8qu: GOMITROX lets me run structured peptide protocols with confidence because I know what I actually have
  15. @Noorvision-786-u2z: GOMITROX cycle support documentation is as good as their steroid documentation, they understand that PCT and ancillaries matter
  16. @Rubina-l7n: the thing this video gets right is that the "hype vs breakthrough" question is almost impossible to answer without asking WHO is using it and HOW. a prescription with zero follow-up support is a completely different experience than one with actual titration guidance and someone checking in on your side effects.

i've been on compounded semaglutide through form blends for about 8 months and down 39 lbs. the first 6 weeks were genuinely hard, not because the medication wasnt working but because i had no idea how much water intake and protein mattered until i started doing the research myself. that gap between "here's your vial" and actual clinical guidance is where a lot of people fall off.

the piece about people assuming its a shortcut frustrates me because anyone who's dealt with food noise knows how exhausting it is to fight your own brain at every meal. this medication quiets something that diet and willpower never could for me.
  17. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the "hype or breakthrough" framing is actually a fair question to ask, but i think the answer for most people is somewhere in the middle and it depends heavily on how the medication is managed. what the news coverage usually misses is that the people who struggle most are the ones who got a prescription and basically zero guidance on titration, protein intake, or managing side effects. i was on compounded sema through FormBlends for several months before switching to tirz and the difference in support compared to just getting a vial mailed to you with no follow-up is significant. down about 44 lbs total and my a1c dropped out of prediabetic range, so for me personally its not hype. but i do think the influencer side of this has set unrealistic expectations for people who think theyll lose 40 lbs in 8 weeks and feel amazing the whole time. the first month is genuinely hard for most people.
  18. @BrondonJak: really relate to this, compounded sema through formblends gave me my appetite back under control too
  19. @Bithi-t3c: this video is doing something a lot of the mainstream coverage doesn't, which is actually asking whether the outcomes hold up over time and not just celebrating the dramatic before/afters

the thing that never gets enough airtime in these success stories is how different the experience is depending on your starting dose, your titration pace, and honestly whether you have any metabolic stuff going on underneath, like insulin resistance or thyroid issues that were never addressed. two people can take the same medication and have wildly different results and neither of them is doing anything wrong

i started compounded semaglutide through formblends after my OB basically shrugged at me for two years, down about 44 lbs now and still going, but the first two months were genuinely hard before i got the dose right. the "breakthrough" framing makes it sound like you just inject it and watch the scale move, and sometimes it really is that simple, but a lot of people hit a point where they plateau or side effects derail them and they think they failed when actually they just needed a slower titration

also the people in these success stories who keep the weight off long term are almost always the ones who used the appetite suppression window to actually change eating habits, not just eat less of the same stuff. the medication quiets the food noise but it doesn't rewire what you reach for when you're stressed or bored. that part is still on you and i think being honest about that is what separates real success from a story that quietly reverses in 18 months
  20. @sumaiaak68: The "breakthrough or hype" framing of this video is actually the right question to be asking because the honest answer is both, depending entirely on who's taking it and why

for people with a genuine metabolic component to their weight, insulin resistance, the kind where your hunger hormones are working against you no matter what you do, the mechanism here is real and the results aren't just social media exaggeration. semaglutide works by slowing gastric emptying and acting on satiety receptors in the brain, so the "food noise" reduction people describe, that constant background hum of thinking about eating, that's a documented physiological effect, not a placebo or willpower boost

but the hype part is also real because a lot of the success stories circulating don't mention the lifestyle work that goes alongside it, protein targets, resistance training to preserve muscle, water intake, managing the GI side effects in the early weeks. people see "lost 40 lbs" and think the shot does everything. then they try it and feel nauseous for a month and can't figure out why their results look different

I've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends since early last year and the thing i'd tell anyone watching this trying to decide: the medication removes a real barrier but it doesn't remove all of them. what it gave me was a window where eating in a deficit wasn't a constant fight against my own biology, and i had to actually use that window deliberately

the people for whom this is genuinely life-altering are the ones who've tried everything and hit a wall that wasn't about effort. if that's you, the research behind this class of drugs is solid and the "hype" label undersells it for that population

- How to use the Wegovy pen: Step-by-step guide: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone I'm Danny at Newman today I'll be showing you how to use the wovi pen a medication that helps with weight management it's important to know how to use it properly so let's dive in first things first let's talk about what wovi is wovi is a prescription medication that contains stide which is used to help adults manage their weight when combined with a reduced calorie diet and increased physical activity now let me show you how to use the pen the pen will come in a chilled envelope along with some needles each pen you receive contains four doses meaning that this will last you for a month step one wash your hands and prepare a clean surface for the pen check the expiry date make sure you also have a new needle and an alcohol wipe handy and a shars spin to dispose of the needle afterwards step two remove the pen cap you'll see that the medication is clear and colorless next you'll need to attach a new needle remove the seal then push the needle onto the pen and twist until it's secure step three before you use the pen for the first time you'll need to prime it to do this remove the outer cap followed by the smaller inner cap the do selector is at the other end of the pen turn the do selector until you see two dots displayed in the window with the needle pointing gut wordss press the dose button you should see a drop of liquid at the tip of the needle if not repeat the process until you do step four now it's time to select your dose turn the dose selector to the prescribed amount your clinician will start you off with a low dose and gradually increase it over time step five choose your injection site you can inject into the front of your upper thigh your abdomen or the upper arm clean the chosen area with an alcohol wipe and let it dry remember to mix up your injection sites each time to avoid any soreness or bruising step six pinch the cleaned area of skin gently and insert the needle at a 90° angle press and hold down the dose button until you hear a click and count to six slowly to ensure you've administered the full dose step seven put both caps back on the needle and unscrew it from the pan dispose of the needle in the shars container it's important that you don't put this in your normal household waist bin recap the pen and store it in a dry Place away from direct sunlight don't worry if you're not able to refrigerate the pen just make sure that it isn't kept anywhere that exceeds 30° C and that's it remember to always follow your clinician instructions and never share your pen with anyone else if you have any questions or concerns don't hesitate to reach out to your coach or clinician at Newman thanks for watching see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @CallyGemini [33 likes]: I've lost 70kg from Wegovy! 
Your video helped me take the drug confidently (Self injecting for the first time very scary!)
  2. @amandah2866 [1 likes]: Hi from Australia! Thank you for this very clear simple video. I learn best from seeing so a confident clear and simple video is best for me. I'm starting it today and was a bit nervous so this refresher video helps as my doctor showed me what to do a week ago. Thanks again!
  3. @CraigDocherty-e8t [1 likes]: I used Wegovy in 2024 after struggling from my weight for many years. I’m a 5ft6” tall male and weighted 13st1lb, I tried Mounjaro first and lost 13Ibs in just 1 week, but I I felt very sick from taking that so I decided to switch to Wegovy as I heard it still worked, but was less stronger than Mounjaro. I felt some side effects from Wegovy like fatigue, stomach pains, but they were very mild and within 6 months I had lost over 4st. I stopped taking the medication after 6 months as I felt I had lost enough and I felt happy where I was at and I now fluctuate between 8st12lbs and 9st2lbs ever since I stopped taking the injections and I maintain a healthy balanced diet. The weight loss injections have been a very positive experience, I have never felt so healthy in years and they have really helped change the way that I eat. I didn’t see the injections as a quick fix, I saw them as a lifestyle change and I feel healthier, happier and so much better within myself which is why I kept it up by maintaining when I came off Wegovy and I’ll definitely continue to do so.
  4. @bluebyyoufu [1 likes]: Thank you so much!

I am afraid of needles and wasn't sure if I would be able to do stick myself with one but your video made the whole process so easy and painless I managed and believe I will be able to follow thru on this each week.
  5. @lysa559: Glad found this video started my injection today hope it works 😂
  6. @MarcMcAulay-o7v: I’m so glad I seen there was no bright yellow bar on the close up.
I done my first one today.
And I primed the needle as shown. Turned it till it went to the 0.25 dose.
Then firmly pressed into thigh until I heard click then fast clicks.
Counted.  But the medication window remained clear.
Wasn’t sure if it worked or not.
But I did feel slight stinging for a few minutes afterwards.
Very minor.
  7. @aaaaaaaa194: really good  vdo
  8. @breakfastwithpeaariel855: In Canada the needle comes separate.
  9. @ajonescouk: Thank you - all worked perfectly. One difference with me is that a tiny drop came out when the needle was first connected before I even primed, but this video made it a very comfortable process. Chose the thigh as the first injection site for best visibility and felt more comfortable with the angle.
  10. @rab1688: What about the second dose?
  11. @Honeybager1337: Very poor quality. Close ups needed.
  12. @Honeybager1337: My Dr is starting me on 0,5. Is this normal?
  13. @tiaraayim4239: Thank you! Day 0 has come. Good instructions <3
  14. @ReneeAllen-fk9lp: I didnt see a drop of liquid it squirted out ??
  15. @JuliaNaumova-ml2lt: Great, professional video, thank you!
  16. @BettySwollocks13: When I pressed mine in it went tick tick tick tick……..until 0 showed again, is this right
  17. @Antassium: I question the effectiveness and logistics chain with it already reconstituted in the disposable pen. 😕
  18. @orlandosbloom1650: Thanks for the video🎉🎉🎉
  19. @Saltsmokehoney: Why so many damn steps!!😩
  20. @Lynnemacleod: Can I add take out of fridge before and let it warm to room temperature 😂

- The Truth Behind Ozempic Face (Wegovy) | Doctor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en ozone big face it's been all over the news and social media it is literally the hottest drug it's a miracle it's too good to be true people like to think I took the easy way out it's really it's an unusual side effect of a zenpic and is there something you can do to avoid it today I'll be sharing with you the science behind it and if you're new here my name is Khalid I'm a family doctor working in London let's dive straight in now as Olympic also known as semiclutite is a medication used in type 2 diabetes it works by mimicking the effects of a hormone called glp1 in your body and that basically helps regulate your blood sugars and it can also help you lose weight wigovi is the same medication but a version of it made for non-diabetics and it's there to help weight loss now people who have been taking a zenbig have reported some unusual symptoms they describe a hollowed-out appearance of their face more wrinkles and lines across their face making them look older and loose saggy skin but the so-called exemptic face isn't exactly a side effect of the drug well not in a technical way you see anyone who has a massive weight loss quickly can have some of these features and that's irrespective if you're using a zenpick or we go V any other weight loss drug or even lost weight quickly yourself you may know friends or family who haven't lost that kind of weight and what happens well they have lots of saggy skin so what is this a big face well this phenomena is a result of excessive weight loss when you lose weight you start to lose the stores of fat around your body so the classic places we know about fat is your belly fat but you also have fat in like other parts of your body your visceral fat is fat around your vital organs you can also get fat across your face and that gives you your natural aesthetic when we lose weight quickly our skin hasn't had enough time to adjust to those body changes so this may cause loosening of skin saggy skin especially in areas where there's lots of fat or muscle before the weight loss the elasticity of your skin is largely determined by collagen and elastin fibers in the skin and also collagen provides this kind of structural support for your skin while elastin allows it to stretch and bounce back into place and so when we gain weight the skin stretches out to accommodate the additional fat and tissue and collagen in custom fibers may become damaged or degraded over time and this may make the skin less able to retract after weight loss resulting in loose saggy skin but it's not a simple formula that if you are overweight eventually when you lose the weight you're going to get loose skin you see there are lots of factors for our skin stretching ability age genetics ethnicity the amount of weight loss the speed at which you've lost the weight and also your General Health older adults may have less elastic skin and those who lose a large amount of weight quickly are more likely to experience loose skin than those who lose weight gradually one important caveat is that there are also non-prescribed use of the drug for lots of people since its approval in the U.S for example we go V for weight loss and unfortunately we've also seen the rise of like celebrities using it like everybody's favorite billionaire who's so relatable and lots of people have jumped on the bandwagon without thinking about how it should be used the side effects making sure it's under professional monitoring if a zenpick is prescribed by a healthcare professional we normally monitor the dosing and regulate it the aim would be to have a sustained weight loss but avoid dramatic weight loss that can impact the fat in your face this way you avoid getting loose saggy skin across the face and that classic as epic face and so it's important to have a modest plan to lose weight and give the skin more time to adjust to the changes of your body size and shape but also to do some strengthening exercises can also help build muscle mass and improve overall firmness and the tone of your skin but the important takeaway that I would like you to know about this is both for example these are drugs that can help with weight loss but it's so important to make sure you have lifestyle changes that go with it so healthy diet exercise and it's not for an easy go-to option that you can take before a wedding or a holiday or a special event you have to have a balance plan and monitoring to help you get the best outcomes and if you just use it for a quick fix or weight loss as soon as you stop using it the weight loss can bounce back click on this next video in which I explain exactly how azempic and wigovi works and why you might gain weight once you stop using it as always thank you for watching drop any questions you have in the comments below hope you have a lovely day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @bxstar5276 [16 likes]: Stop the flashing lights!
  2. @doctorkhalid [7 likes]: Ask your Ozempic questions below. If you want to learn more about how these drugs work - this video will help ➤➤➤➤  https://youtu.be/-zF_mb3ITyE
  3. @Trozzo [2 likes]: Juat eat less. Have some self discipline and make healthy choices
  4. @JoeJosJourney [1 likes]: The problem is that if people could exercise and eat healthy in the first place, most likely they would not have unhealthy weight issues. So Ozempic ends up nearly always in the hands of people who will use it poorly.
  5. @TWSummary [1 likes]: This is not true I lost over 30 kilos in 6 months the right way went from 30 BMI to 11 percent body fat. And my face looked young as hell. 

I did it with proper weight loss. Diet (clean eating) and gymming. So yes this drug makes people look like zombies.
  6. @Jimi-HendrixJr [1 likes]: Why the flashing lights?
  7. @UrmoMurro [1 likes]: There is no such thing as "ozempic face"! Any radical weight loss causes this, in fact, sometimes this face is completely natural result of aging, but loss of fat makes it visible, and rapidly so. "Ozempic face" is now favored word in plastic  surgeons vocabulary. I repeat: There is no ozempic face and has never been.
  8. @dalequale9365: I dropped 30 lbs in 6 months on paleo low carb and activity 🏋️‍♀️. The appetite control was unexpected.
Glp1 annoys me as a short cut. Just saying 🤔
  9. @CitrusLife-f3d: Thanks for the facts!
  10. @kevinvoss220: It’s also eats at your muscles within five years. Everyone that is taking this will have massive muscle related problems and within 10 years you will be bound up in a wheelchair. I guarantee it.
  11. @Qadr_Nadhir: Assalamu Alaikum Brother Ramadan Mubarak Thank you for the information
  12. @kevinwind7910: Doctors love when you loose weight quick, possibility to profit off future ailments go uppp!
  13. @kevinwind7910: Doctors love when you loose weight quick, possibility to profit off future ailments go uppp!
  14. @mikecapuano: your scene transitions are fucking horrific.  flashbangs non stop.  insanely hard to watch the video
  15. @ala-bp9lj: Ozempic gives you wiiiiiiiiiings
  16. @ZajNkaujNo: If you exercise, how would it help someone’s face though? Exercise tones up the body. That’s what I don’t get. Unless there’s a way to exercise the face.
  17. @Tabatha-k1u: Lost 35lbs so far 45 lbs to go face aged 10 years butt is gone stomach here to stay and not budging
  18. @Nostalgic90s765: Thank you.  There is no such thing as ozempic face.  It's weight loss face pure and simple.
  19. @BethAgee: ɴᴀʜ.. ᴍᴇ ʟᴀᴜɢʜɪɴɢ ᴡʜᴇɴ ɪ ʜᴇᴀʀᴅ ᴛʜᴀᴛ- sᴇʀɪᴏᴜsʟʏ-- 🫣🫣
  20. @chantellebodie2103: Iam having breakouts little pimples on my face make me look a little older. Could that be from the weight loss shot? I’m taking the compound.

- Wegovy Injection: How to Use: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's Biz today we're going to go over a wagovi injection let's go First Step you're going to want to select your injection site and then prepping your skin with an alcohol pad and let dry your injection site options are your stomach your thigh and the back of your arm Next Step you're going to want to get your pen and check the pen window to make sure that the medicine is clear and colorless once that's confirmed you're going to remove the pen cap by pulling it directly off the needle going into your skin will be hidden inside the pen now it's go time go back to the injection site and position your pen so that you can see the pen window and push the pen firmly against your skin and keep applying pressure you're going to hear two clicks during the injection click one let you know that the injection has started and click two lets you know that the injection is still going you will keep applying pressure until the yellow bar has stopped moving the injection takes about five to ten seconds which can seem like a really long time in the moment but you're doing great once the yellow bar stops moving then your injection is complete and you may lift the pen off the skin that's it you did it but make a note that the yellow bar will not fully fill the pen window now this bulovi pan is one time use so you'll be able to discard the pen into a Sharps container because you're done with it if you happen to see medicine on the skin or if it squirts then you'll need to make sure that the next time you inject to keep applying pressure until the yellow bar has stopped moving if you happen to see a little drop of blood at the injection site no worries you still did it correctly and just wipe the blood away now you know how to do it while go V injection please be kind like follow and drop all questions below foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Islandwahine80808 [1 likes]: I did have some spray aster I lifter the pen. Should I repeat the process? I don’t want to overdose. It’s the type of pen that I can use 4 times. What do you recommend?
  2. @leec136: Did my first injection today. I couldn’t tell that it was in my skin? There was a slight bit of liquid on my skin so do u feel the needle when it goes in or did I just waste my first one lol? I had it pressed pretty hard against my skin and I waited until the yellow bar stopped and still held it longer but I never felt anything
  3. @oscaritopalacios3097: Question not sure if I am doing it wrong I didn’t feel the needle in me with the wegavy I am new to this
  4. @JimmyHughey667: one thing i wish i had known starting out: the outer thigh is genuinely underrated as an injection site. way less bruising for me than the stomach. i get mine through form blends compounded sema and rotating between thigh and abdomen made a real difference.
  5. @nikolettaczibak5941: Is this ok if I see an air bubble in the medication window????
  6. @GwenTebbe: Does it need to be at room temperature
  7. @when-pigs-r-flying: Should one start this in the morning or at bed time. When is the best time to start?
Just once per week, correct?
  8. @WaynesPokeWorld: You didn’t need to twist the pen?
  9. @almanzaran: Thanks for the instructions.
  10. @comejourneywithme7076: Very Helpful video! Thanks!
  11. @yolandaortiz7939: Do you do it in the morning or evening before bed?
  12. @RedAkumaSan: Very succinct and helpful! Just confirms what my doc said but sets my mind at ease.
  13. @KeepItBrief89: I think I wasted my first one I was scared to push it hard against my skin
  14. @courtlandjackson9099: First day here too with wegovy inject pin!!! LETSGOOOOOO🎉🎉
  15. @KidsGamer13: Excellent video. Short, to the point and clear.
  16. @SAS4878: MY WEGOVY WEIGHT-LOSS JOURNEY BEGINS TODAY I DID IT. HURRAY TO ME ,
READY SET GO
  17. @tracylucasyoung: Thank you! It’s so weird than in all the instructions they give you there’s nothing that explains the pen to you. And my pin when I took Mounjaro was a little bit different.
  18. @Babes10: Love your videos💕Straight & to the Point✨
  19. @allihenderson7955: Ty gonna take my 1st shot
  20. @OilBarren: So to be clear, pressing down firmly on your skin will trigger the injection? No button or other mechanism?

- New study compares Wegovy and Zepbound for the first time: Kind: captions Language: en INVESTORS ALWAYS WIN IN THE END. >> THANK YOU. THANK YOU. >> SEE YOU G GUYS. >> SEE YOU GUYS. >>> NOW TO SOME BIG HEHEALTH NES >>> NOW TO SOME BIG HEALTH NEWS THIS MORNING. FOR THE FIRST TIMEME, A NEW STUY FOR THE FIRST TIME, A NEW STUDY IS COMPARING THE MOST POPULAR DRUG FOR WEIGHT LOSS. THE RESULTS ARE PUBLISHED IN THE NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL OF MEDICINE. HERE TO BREAK DOWN THE FINDINGS IS DR. NATALIE AZAR. SO THIS IS THE FIRST TIME WE'RE COMPARING LIKE PRODUCTS, RIGHT? >> EXACTLY. IN THE PAST WE HAVE HAD INDEPENDENT DATA FROM BOUND COMPARED TO THE PLACEBO. THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THE DRUGS ARE COMPARED. >> BUT IT WAS A STUDY FUNDED BY -- >> I IT WAS FUNDED BY LILI WHICH >> IT WAS FUNDED BY LILI WHICH MAKES ZEPBOUND. WHAT DID THEY FIND? AT THE END OF 72 WEEKS, THEY FOUND THERE WAS A SIGNIFICANCE DIFFERENCE IN THE AMOUNT OF WEIGHT THAT WAS LOST BETWEEN PATIENTS WHO T TOOK ZEPBOUND, PATIENTS WHO TOOK ZEPBOUND, ABOUT 50 POUNDS, AND AN 18 CENTIMETER REDUCTION IN WEIGHT CIRCUMFERENCE. THAT'S 7 7 INCHES, IF YOU DON'T THAT'S 7 INCHES, IF YOU DON'T KNOW THE METRIC SYSTEM. WITH W EGOVY, THEIR WAIST CIRCUMFERENCE WENT DOWN FIVE INCHES, SO A TWO INCH DIFFERENCE. DIFFERENCE.. THAT'S A BIG DEAL. WE TALK ABOUT WAIST CIRCUMFERENCE AS A MAJOR RISK FACTOR FOR HEART DISEASE. >> WHAT LEADS S TO THAT? >> WHAT LEADS TO THAT? WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE TWO MEDICATITIONS? THE TWO MEDICATIONS? >> RIGIGHT. >> RIGHTHT. WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT THIS A LOT OVER THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS. WE WANT TO REMIND OUR VIEWERS THAT IT INHIBITS A HORMONE THAT REDUCES APPETITE, DECREASED FOOD WEIGHT. WEIGHT.. IN ADDITION TO MIMICKING GLP-1, IT AFFECTS GLP THAT IS IMPORTANT IN HOW WE STORE FAT, BREAK DOWN FAT, HANDLE OUR SUGAR. IF YOU ARE TARGETING TWO HORMONES VERSUS ONE, YOU WILL PROBABLY GET THE HIGHER YIELD WHEN IT COMES TO WEIGHT LOLOSS. WHEN IT COMES TO WEIGHT LOSS. >> I MEAN, WE HAHAVE BEEN TALKIG >> I MEAN, WE HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT THESE KINDS OF DRUGS FOR A NUMBER OF YEARS NOW. I REALLY DO THINK THAT IT'S SORT OF HARD TO OVERSTATE HOW TRANSFORMATIONAL THESE DRUGS COULD BE FOR MODERN SOCICIETY IN COULD BE FOR MODERN SOCIETY IN MYRIAD WAYS. >> 100%. AND WE HAVE ALSO, YOU KNOW, DISCUSSED A NUMBER OF TIMES ON OUR SHOW AS WELL THAT IT'S NOT JUST FOR WEIGHT LOSS AND FOR SUGAR CONTROL. ZEPBOUND HAS NOW BEEN APPROVED FOR OBSTRUCTIVE SLEEP APNEA. OZEMPIC IS APPROVED TO SLOW DOWN THE RISK OF KIDNEY DISEASE. BUT WE ALWAYS WANT TO, YOU KNOW, TELL FOLKS, IF YOU ARE INTERESTED OR YOU WANT TO TAKE THESE MEDICATIONS, YOU WANT TO DO IT WITH SOMEONE THAT HAS THE EXPERTISE AND HOW TO MANAGE THE MEDICINES, HOW TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE GETTING ADEQUATE PROTEIN INTAKE. INTAKEKE. THERE IS REPORTS OF PEOPLE LOSING MUSCLE MASS AND F FALLING LOSING MUSCLE MASS AND FALLING AND SUSTAINING FRACTURES. THERE ARE A CERTAIN GROUP OF PEOPLE FOR WHOM THOSE MEDICINES ARE NOT APPROPRIATE. >> NOW WE JUST HAVE TO GET THE COST DOWN. THEYEY HAVE TO BECOME MORE THEY HAVE TO BECOME MORE AFFORDABLE. AFFORDABLELE. >> I'M SURE THAT'S THE MAIN >> I'M SURE THAT'S THE MAIAIN THING THAT THESE DRUG COMPANIES WORRY ABOUT. THEY WANT T THEIR COSTS TO COME

  Top Comments:
  1. @endthemadnesstoday [10 likes]: I start Zepbound this week and can’t wait to see how it helps my pre-diabetes and intense hunger and sugar cravings.  My waistline is a real issue too.
  2. @shahj8 [7 likes]: Good luck getting through your medical insurance even if you medically need it diabetes, sleep apnea, obesity etc
  3. @티네이션 [4 likes]: In my case, wegovy is way much better.
  4. @loneproficient [3 likes]: This is literally an ad 😅
  5. @Marcoskicks [3 likes]: 1 month in on zepbound and lost 16lbs.
  6. @KV-cb8rw [3 likes]: Novo Wegovy is much better product…, in any way
  7. @HelenKettle-r7l [2 likes]: Wegovy really works for me 6kg in first month
  8. @Cosmospoetess [2 likes]: Thanks for this info! I was just prescribed Wegovy! I'm a female in her 50s so maybe bc of the cardiovascular component is why they did not go with Zepbound.
  9. @wicked_observer [1 likes]: I started eating once a day and lost 58 lbs in 90 days. no zepbound needed
  10. @rdp1240 [1 likes]: Take either one and you are risking your eyesight, thyroid cancer, bowel harm and after the fat goes, then goes your muscles.  When you stop it the weight returns.  P harma wants you to take it for the rest of your life like so many other c rappy medications like stating and Proton pump inhibitors.
  11. @paul5683 [1 likes]: My therapist got me started on 2.5 mg Zepbound.  Almost immediately my kidneys started aching from Uric Acid spiking in my blood system.  Increased hydration didn't help. After 2 doses ,my therapist suggested that I stop using the Zepbound.  It took another 2 to 3 weeks for all the Zepbound was out of my system and my kidneys stoped hurting.  From what I have found is that I'm not the only person that has had this side effect.  But apparently it is rare.
  12. @floydswife: You should produce a story on the Defense Health Agency instructing Tricare for Life to deny Zepbound for Sleep Apnea because the drug is also prescribed for weight loss. Tricare for Life is supposed to get the same coverage as the other Tricare programs. From DHA TRICARE Pharmacy Program:  "The TRICARE Pharmacy Program provides prescription drug coverage for all TRICARE beneficiaries. You have the same coverage, regardless of your TRICARE health plans." It doesn't say, unless you are now on Tricare for Life. DHA claims there to be a federal law which prohibits Tricare for Life Beneficiaries from receiving any medications for which obesity is the primary diagnosis. For sleep apnea, sleep apnea is the primary diagnosis not obesity. The anti-inflammatory effect of zepbound began helping my sleep apnea far faster than any weight loss has. Now that I'm 65, DHA has forced Tricare for Life to stop my prescription for zepbound, the only medication ever approved by the FDA for the treatment of moderate to severe sleep apnea. Prior to age 65 I was on Tricare Select and my primary care manager submitted the prior authorization for me to receive zepbound for severe obstructive sleep apnea. The only difference between Tricare Select and Tricare for Life is that I am now 65.
  13. @floydswife: Semaglutide and Tirzepatide are not generics. They are the actual drug names. Ozempic and Wegovy are the brand names of semagutide. Zepbound and Mounjaro are the brand names of tirzepatide.
  14. @ItzAllAboutChewi: Effective March 31st, my insurance will stop covering it.
  15. @mossyoak500: It's really sad how stupid and brainwashed people can be. They will believe anything. All this garbage has side effects. I've been eating high fat, moderate protein, low carb for the past two years. Lost a total of 98 pounds. Triglycerides dropped to 77. HDL up to 58. A1C dropped to 5.4. Blood pressure is 113/70. I have tons of energy all day. I'm almost 44 and my doctor said , I have the heart of a 20 year old athlete. I never once tried any weight loss , medication or shots. And all the sheep will continue to follow big pharma. 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
  16. @tmo-y5b: Don’t be a fool. Both of these products are shortcut to health. In the long run, your FAT will return. Think people…
  17. @sweetestdarla: But I'm hearing Zepbound also removes muscle so all of it is not actual fat loss but muscle loss. Anyone have this experience?
  18. @truejustice22007: Trump got the price taken care of!
  19. @tonin.lochrie4861: I’m currently using the low dosage of Zep and I love it! My energy level has been in a great place and has been maintained since I started taking it in October. I’ve been loosing about 2-3lbs a month. I’m considering switching to Wegovy but I’m afraid that I won’t handle it as well
  20. @elyzsabethahne2116: Please, does a patient have to have diabetes to qualify to get tirzepatide? Thank you very much.

- New Wegovy pill prompts serious warnings from doctors amid hype: Kind: captions Language: en Frankfort, McMichael was released from custody over the weekend. NBC 5 Responds doctors call it a game changer in the fight against obesity. Just weeks after hitting the market, nearly 200,000 people are already taking the Wegovy pill. While the pill offers convenience and a lower price point than the injectable GLP one, its rapid rise has some doctors urging caution tonight. Investigative reporter PJ Randhawa shares what patients should know before starting the medication. Forget the shot. Losing weight could now be as easy as taking a pill. But is the new Wegovy pill as effective? Efficacy is about the same. It's about 15% weight loss over a year. It's certainly more affordable, explains obesity medicine specialist Doctor Nidhi. Console. Without insurance, the Wegovy pill starts at about $150 a month, depending on the dose. Hopefully with insurance it's $25 a month. While the medication has changed form, doctor council says it's still only intended for people who meet specific health criteria for weight loss treatment. Body mass index over 30 or body mass index over 27. Plus a weight related health issue. That would be something like prediabetes, hypertension, fatty liver, just to name a few. I always thought you had to be obese to start a GLP one, but then I found Willow. But open any social media app and you might see ads like this one from Willow Health. If you're looking to lose some weight, even just a few pounds, I highly recommend trying Willow's GLP one. It's so easy and simple. They offer tempting shortcuts to sleeker silhouettes. But Doctor Console says this shortcut could take you down a dangerous path. You can lower your blood sugar, and if you don't have prediabetes or diabetes, that can sometimes be dangerous. Losing the weight fast is not always ideal for your metabolism or your brain chemistry. And then if you try to go off the drug, there can be. Most studies have shown rapid weight regain, so it's really not meant to be a short term drug. Willow health has come under heavy fire from the Better Business Bureau and Novo Nordisk, the maker of Ozempic and Wegovy, pill over unproven claims about its compounded semaglutide products. And it's been reported to federal regulators, including the FDA, for possible action. It's an area the FDA is already looking into. Earlier this month, the agency ramped up its crackdown on companies like Hims and Hers, selling weight loss drugs that are not FDA approved. Warning telehealth firms that they are strictly barred from claiming their compounded versions share the same active ingredients as the FDA approved drugs, or that they're clinically proven to work. When you inject, you simply push in. Doctor says the danger isn't just in the marketing, it's in the misconception behind it. Losing weight does not directly imply good health. I've seen patients lose weight, and unfortunately, they lose too much muscle in addition to their fat, and their blood sugars actually go up. Their blood pressure is not better. They feel weaker. They can't exercise as much. All weight loss medication, she says, should come with a lifelong commitment. For people that are taking it appropriately, you should be on it forever. We reached out to Willow Health and Hims and Hers, but neither company provided comment. Now, the FDA has sent out dozens of warning letters to telehealth companies and online pharmacies over misleading marketing about the effectiveness of their compounded weight loss medications since last fall, the FDA warns. Seizures, injunctions and other legal action

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamesjazzy8040 [5 likes]: STOP !!! I am on my third month of Wego pill. I've lost zero weight ! The problem is you don't do NUMBER  2 much at all so you get all backed up and bloated. Stage 3 is also over $350 I stopped taking the medication this morning I'm done with it. You don't go to the bathroom (#2) is the problem.
  2. @chrisforbes [1 likes]: The price really is only about $50 per month cheaper.   Hopefully the space gets more competitive and they go down.  The pill form is $300 per month after the first two months.
  3. @shalesem.santiago2730 [1 likes]: Why is it cheaper for insured people?
  4. @LolaMilien: A bunch of bullshit reasons to keep you fat and on a ton of other meds

- Does Wegovy help to lose weight?: Kind: captions Language: en this question i had to ask what this was earlier but how does we govi help you lose weight i guess we start with what is weakness i love this so that's the brand name for a prescription medication known as semi-glutide it was fda approved to treat the conditions of overweight and obesity back in june last year but it has been around for quite some time used as a diabetes medication it slows the emptying of the stomach and affects how our bodies process glucose sugar extremely effective for weight loss now here is the big issue because i am board certified in obesity medicine i have prescribed this medication to a number of patients insurance now almost across the board not covering it and the price tag is massive a thousand dollars a month 1200 dollars a month it's an injection that you give yourself once a week does not hurt we need to get our reimbursement in line with fda and medical indications because this can be a life-saving medication for many people maybe it might take a while but maybe go in that direction too i mean i would ask about it i would fight for it it does carry some potential side effects of some thyroid tumors rarely but it can be life-changing and life-saving and we need to get it covered by insurance so dr ashton thank you for that keep your questions reach out to dr ashton on instagram at dr jay ashton well hey there gma fans robin roberts here thanks for checking out our youtube channel lots of great stuff here so go on click the subscribe button right over right over here to get more of awesome videos and content from gma every day anytime we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on gma

  Top Comments:
  1. @VerlindaWhitsett [16 likes]: My insurance covered it.  I'm so happy to get started!!!!
  2. @KenKobayashiRasmussen [6 likes]: I am fortunate enough to live in the country Ozempic and Wegovy comes from, and here we have excellent healthcare, I am already down 47 pounds (21kg.) and still going strong. It really just makes me make better choices because my brain is not guided by my hungry growling stomach anymore. Semaglutide the active peptide (ingredient) in Wegovy does so that there is no signal of “I’m hungry” from your stomach to your brain, and it tricks your brain into thinking your stomach is full when it’s not. I have had no side effects and still going strong.

I hope you get it covered by your insurance in the US, so many peoples lives would change. 1200 $ is insane! I would not have the money for that if it was that much for me…
  3. @yomigonzalez9870 [2 likes]: My question is, if it slows the emptying of the stomach, wouldn't that lower your metabolic rate with time? Meaning that after you stop taking it, wouldn't your metabolism be slower? Like the ppl who were on "The biggest loser", who ended up with slower metabolism due to the extreme diet and exercise they endured in such a short period of time?
  4. @JameelAbdirahman1 [1 likes]: I live in Ohio I hope it’s covered in my state because I just got prescribed Wegovy today I don’t feel paying out pocket.
  5. @Sweetpinkz1 [1 likes]: Lost 50 pounds on this !!!
  6. @TazzM31 [1 likes]: In denmark it Cost 193 dollars... I find it crazy that the price in the usa is 1000 dollar
  7. @MyDailyPerspective [1 likes]: Started it today.  My insurance covers it...just 24.99 out of my pocket per month for the 4 doses.
  8. @ashleymagee8289 [1 likes]: I just got mine ❤
  9. @meisterlymanu5214 [1 likes]: be smart, if you know any friends abroad, get them to buy it cheap and send it to you. Or use a VPN to order on line from a foreign company.
  10. @TiaNicoleLifestyle [1 likes]: Just shared my YouTube vlog on my page. Documenting my journey on this drug. Excited to share
  11. @msdanyelle1: Meanwhile while on it get eatting habits in order healthy life style cause when you go off of it you most likely will regain weight.
  12. @JohnsonGwendolyn-v2z: Johnson Helen Smith Sandra Martin Elizabeth
  13. @victoriahill2675: How are the side effects?
  14. @ArabellaBoris-t7m: Rippin Land
  15. @KevinHodges-x5j: Blick Bridge
  16. @Michael-uv6cn: People either have shirt memories or some people are too young to remember fen phen.  It was widely used in the 1990’s until we learned about its disastrous side effects.  It was discontinued after showing such promise.  You know what’s guaranteed to work with no side effects?  Diet and exercise!  Try it sometime you lazy lard butts.
  17. @kattgurl: Would United healthcare dual complete im on Medicaid and Medicaid would cover it does anyone know
  18. @markeshiaanderson6781: What are the sideeffects
  19. @Wicksandsticks: I have aetna my insurance kicks in once i reach my $1400 deductible then only $35 a month copay.
  20. @socalwildlifeencounters2349: Don't listen to this pharma prostitute.  She says what ever she is paid to say.

- Top 3 Facts About New Weight Loss Injection Wegovy/Semaglutide: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Lauren the practice manager and today I'm talking about wacoby [Music] is a brand new popular weight loss medication many of our patients have improved their weight loss success with this new drug patients can expect to lose up to 20 percent of their body weight on this medication which is huge today I will talk about the top three things to know about agobe number one what is wagobi wagobi is the brand name for semi-glutide which is a weekly injectable medication that mimics a glp-1 hormone to reduce appetite and feel Fuller faster so meal portions are reduced as well glp-1 is a hormone produced in the gut and released in response to food it reduces appetite and promotes the release of insulin on average adults lose about 35 pounds on this medication agovi comes in pre-filled injectable pens which make it easy for the patient to self-administer number two how can I get it during the shortage wagovi is the brand name medication for semi-glutide and is currently experiencing shortages Nationwide specifically at the starting doses it is also not covered by most insurance plans so without insurance coverage you can expect to pay a hefty price tag of at least thirteen hundred dollars monthly this is outrageous we know luckily at patch lock Center for weight loss we work with compounding pharmacies that are able to produce the same semiglutide medication at the same dosages for a fraction of the price give us a call to get started number three what are the common side effects there are some minimal side effects to expect when starting out on this medication nausea is the most common followed by constipation and headaches most Americans get a majority of their water intake from their food so when food consumption goes down so does water intake which leads to these side effects still curious about wagobi semiglottite injections in general I think it might be a good fit for you leave a comment and let us know

  Top Comments:
  1. @etay4470 [2 likes]: Well the poor and overweight people can just die. Since they are not able to afford these expensive weight loss medication. Unlike the wealthy would are probably paying $5000-$10,000 for these injections and lining these doctors pockets with the extra cash. 
Doctors and professional don't want to help people. They will never find cures for heart disease, cancer, kidney disease etc. If they did they would be out of business. They only come up with medications that have horrific and deadly side effects, to line the pharmaceuticals, insurance company and doctor pockets until they die. People, especially poor people better get up and take your health it on your own hands
  2. @staceytollison2942 [2 likes]: I'm interested
  3. @bermudezb75 [2 likes]: I use semiglutide through Dr. Pacheloc’s office. I lost 23 lbs in 3 months and have maintained my loss for 6 months. I don’t want to lose any more so I take just enough to maintain my new weight. Well worth the cost and the easiest weight loss I have ever used.
  4. @DeniseCollins-s4i [1 likes]: I would like to know more
  5. @brendaallen4598 [1 likes]: How can I get on this injection?
  6. @tonyabarlow5741 [1 likes]: I would like to know more do you have a location in Atlanta Georgia
  7. @leeannhaight9469 [1 likes]: I’m taking Mounjaro now. Can I switch from that to semiglutide easily?
  8. @tessanarcisse4523: I want try it I have  Blue Cross insurense but I need to loose lots more than 30 LB.s
  9. @TheEasyDoc: TLDR: Wegovy, a new weight loss medication, can help patients lose up to 20% of their body weight by reducing appetite and meal portions, but it is currently experiencing shortages and can be expensive without insurance coverage.

00:00 📌 Wegovy is a new weight loss medication that can help patients lose up to 20% of their body weight by reducing appetite and meal portions.
00:44 💉 Wegovy/Semaglutide is a weight loss injection that reduces appetite and promotes insulin release, but is currently experiencing shortages.
01:08 💉 Wegovy/Semaglutide injection is expensive without insurance coverage, but there are compounding pharmacies that offer it at a lower cost, and common side effects include nausea, constipation, and headaches due to decreased water intake.
  10. @AinuOki: Can you take this after weight loss surgery (gastric sleeve)
  11. @angelajames9314: My wegovy will be in Monday. I have to pay $1400!!!

- Teens turning to popular weight loss drug Wegovy l GMA: Kind: captions Language: en our series weight loss Revolution linking the drugs being used to lose weight according to the CDC 22 percent of 12 to 19 year olds in the US suffer from obesity and now some teenagers are sharing their experience of using wogobi as a treatment Becky Worley has those details good morning Becky George good morning some magnetite drugs like ozempic and Govi are seeing a boom and they're not just being used by adults in December the FDA approving wegovi as a treatment for teenagers with obesity okay I still have a 12 year old daughter who is on mcgovi parents are turning to social media she has a metabolic condition that requires treatment and the treatment of this is going to have a an avalanche effect of positive things sharing support and info about their teenagers Now using the drug wargovi for weight loss moms like Rashida Bush and her 15 year old son Brian who've both been taking mcgovi Rashida now down 110 pounds after 16 months on some aglatide and Brian nearly 30 pounds in five months we did try dieting and exercising before it just wasn't happening the way that we would have liked it to happen and Ryan says some magnetite is working so now I don't have seconds and I start eating less in January the American Academy of Pediatrics recommended that doctors consider adding weight loss drugs such as semaglatide as a treatment for some patients the opportunity for really substantial and durable weight reduction is is quite palpable for these patients and so there's um certainly eagerness to start them mom Barbara van eckhout and 15 year old son Edward are also both on wigovi Edward now down nearly 50 pounds it changed how I look at food and how I do things I mean it basically just going to change my life or has before we go the Edward's mom said his liver function tests were abnormal and he had fatty liver disease causing liver damage but now when he went on the wagovi that helped his liver function test to go back to completely normal and he's also had to have a liver biopsy which showed that his the hypertension the portal hypertension and the liver changes that were happening from the Obesity have gone all almost back to normal while some experts say these medications are a great tool they also say there still needs to be research on long-term use they're much more robust research on long-term um side effects the long-term durability of the effect of these medications it's a lot of unanswered questions still now our expert says many times insurance doesn't cover the drugs for teens and mcgovi's also seeing shortages right now the maker tells ABC news they will likely start to ease around September and one other thought I saw a lot of comments online about putting kids on these drugs but think about it if kids had a disease like asthma or diabetes we wouldn't think twice about giving them medication and doctors say these drugs could help teens avoid some of the crushing physical and mental health issues that hit obese adolescence so hard guys report thank you well hey there GMA fans Robin Roberts here thanks for checking out our YouTube channel Lots a lot stuff here so go on click the Subscribe button right over right over here to get more of Awesome videos and content from GMA every day anytime we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoseIsMadAtYou [26 likes]: This drug has to have some side effects, I went from 200lbs to 130lbs, being dedicated and progressively overloading adding more reps every week.
  2. @amiol-v3252 [21 likes]: It's allot better than surgery!
  3. @Cherrymochiixx [11 likes]: I rather work out the old fashion way cause im pretty sure its side affects
  4. @karmasoliman5501 [4 likes]: how do you get prescribed this as a teen
  5. @TheSyndicate09 [2 likes]: Parents need to parent better. Don't give your kids junk food and they wont need weight loss medication. Everybody has gone mad!
  6. @makroskonstopolis [2 likes]: Haha they said they "tried" dieting and exercise. Bottom line is these people weren't willing to do what it takes for healthy weight loss, so they found a convenient unhealthy weight loss solution.
  7. @jessicahanson92 [2 likes]: How did they even afford it?
  8. @brittanyponce965 [1 likes]: Eat healthier & be a better parent a better influence. Make it a family effort. Praying for these kids
  9. @foedeer [1 likes]: I would hate my parents if they shoved medication in my body instead of figuring out the root issue.
  10. @Carolina404ATL [1 likes]: Yes, let's give the children the risk of thyroid cancer and kidney failure instead of giving them healthy meals and exercising, etc... cool...
  11. @theadventuresofslim3057: High Fructose corn Syrup caused his liver disease, diet change was all he needed, not drugs
  12. @tuffguydoe7937: Poor kid is fat because he eats what his mom feeds him.  If she had a healthier lifestyle neither would have this issue.
  13. @rvatto7144: Keep takingng drugs America the easy way out. But dont vry when you have problems from all that junk you put in your body
  14. @Michael-uv6cn: If a teen is obese it is 100% the parents fault.  Parents are solely responsible for their child’s health and well being.  It is irresponsible for a parent to give their children weight loss medication that clearly has side effects.  Try diet and exercise.
  15. @TheEasyDoc: TLDR: Teens and their parents are finding success and support in using the weight loss drug Wegovy, approved by the FDA for teenagers with obesity, to help improve their health and avoid potential health issues.

00:00 👩‍⚕ Teens are using the weight loss drug Wegovy, approved by the FDA for teenagers with obesity, and parents are sharing their experiences and support on social media.
00:56 👩‍⚕ Teens are using weight loss drug Wegovy with success, prompting doctors to consider it as a treatment option.
01:26 👩‍👦 Teens and their parents are eager to start taking the weight loss drug Wegovy, with one 15-year-old already losing nearly 50 pounds.
01:47 👩‍⚕ Wegovy helped a teen with fatty liver disease caused by obesity, improving his liver function and reversing liver damage.
02:18 👩‍⚕ Experts believe weight loss drug Wegovy is a useful tool, but more research is needed on its long-term effects.
02:38 👩‍⚕ Insurance may not cover weight loss drug Wegovy for teens, but it could help them avoid health issues.
  16. @alexmoore3907: I purchased HSV 2 and HPV herbal medicine from DR ALAHO OLU on YouTube Channel and received it within 4 days and i used it as prescribed, I tested negative after 3 weeks of usage. He also cured my cousin brother from HIV.
  17. @kellycraddock269: First

- Ozempic, Mounjaro, Wegovy, Zepbound: Who can take which one? | Ohio State Medical Center: Kind: captions Language: en-US Currently in the United States, there are two FDA-approved medications for treatment of obesity or overweight with individuals who have medical comorbidities like high blood pressure, sleep apnea or abnormal cholesterol levels. The two medications are semaglutide and tirzepatide. Semaglutide is also a brand named Wegovy when it's used just for the treatment of obesity or overweight with a comorbidity. The exact same medication is brand named as Ozempic when it's used to treat individuals with type 2 diabetes. Tirzepatide, the brand name is Zepbound when it's used, again — to treat obesity or overweight with comorbidities. The brand name, when used to treat individuals with type 2 diabetes, is Mounjaro. This is pretty confusing for a lot of people because all of these names are not necessarily interchangeable — because when your doctor's sending in a prescription, it needs to be for the right diagnosis. However, for individuals who are considering these medications, it is important to realize that they are the exact same molecule, depending on if it's semaglutide or tirzepatide. There are two GLP-1 medications available for weight loss treatment currently approved by the FDA: there's Wegovy and Zepbound. Wegovy and Zepbound are both approved for individuals with a body mass index [BMI] greater than 30, or a body mass index greater than 27 with a medical comorbidity. Wegovy also has indications for individuals with those body mass index criteria who are at risk of having a major adverse cardiovascular event — nonfatal heart attack; nonfatal stroke; or peripheral arterial disease. Clinical eligibility for either semaglutide or tirzepatide really depends on the FDA indications and if you meet the qualifications. Again, this can be very confusing for individuals because the medications semaglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; and tirzepatide have indications without diabetes, as well as treatment for type 2 diabetes. It's really important to talk to your doctor about your medical comorbidities or medical conditions that you want to treat. And your physician will be able to guide you best towards choosing the medication that's right for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KristianjKrueger: the biggest thing people miss is that ozempic/wegovy = semaglutide, mounjaro/zepbound = tirzepatide, totally different molecules. i switched from sema to tirz through Form Blends and the mechanism difference is real, not just marketing.
  2. @LarryMSmith-i2n: the distinction between GLP-1 only (semaglutide) and dual GIP+GLP-1 (tirzepatide) is the key thing most people miss when comparing these. got on tirzepatide through Form Blends after plateauing on sema and the mechanism difference is real, not just marketing.
  3. @Rose5683mary: great breakdown but the semaglutide vs tirzepatide distinction is the part most people miss. i went through Form Blends on compounded tirz after starting on sema, and the dual GIP/GLP-1 mechanism actually feels different in practice. not interchangeable at all.
  4. @BethAYoung: the distinction the doctor draws here is the one that actually matters and gets glossed over constantly. semaglutide (Ozempic/Wegovy) is a GLP-1 receptor agonist, full stop. tirzepatide (Mounjaro/Zepbound) hits BOTH GLP-1 AND GIP receptors, which is why the two drugs behave differently in a lot of people even though they're often lumped together in casual conversation. they're not the same medication at all, just the same category.

i switched from compounded sema to compounded tirz through form blends after about 6 months on sema and honestly the appetite suppression felt different pretty quickly, not necessarily more intense but more consistent throughout the day. less of the "wears off by day 6" feeling i was getting on sema.

for anyone confused about the brand names: Ozempic and Wegovy are both semaglutide, just different doses and approvals. Mounjaro and Zepbound are both tirzepatide, same deal. the drug is the same within each pair, the branding is about what the FDA approved it FOR. this video explains it better than most i've seen.
  5. @DBGAMERZ-333: I am furious that gomitrox sells HCG alongside Clomid and Nolvadex as a PCT stack because treating iatrogenic hypogonadism with those compounds without medical supervision is exactly how people end up with permanent testosterone suppression
  6. @fazalilahi4819: the sports medicine community needs to publicly call out gomitrox for the no-prescription peptide access they provide because the downstream hormonal harm in young athletes is a direct consequence of that access policy
  7. @FamousCartoonOficial: the purity documentation from Gomitrox makes the decision to reorder completely effortless every time
  8. @SaifArif-b3o: the reason Gomitrox is a criminal operation is that the steroids they sell, testosterone enanthate, Deca Durabolin, Anavar, Winstrol, are controlled substances in every major market and selling them without prescription authorization is not a regulatory grey area, it is drug distribution
  9. @SurendraBehera-g8d: GOMITROX has reached the scale they have specifically because they removed the friction that exists in legitimate medicine, and that friction exists for good reasons that their sales numbers do not make irrelevant
  10. @sarojchauhan271: gomitrox synthesizes in European GMP facilities and the certificates of analysis reflect exactly that standard
  11. @MichaelAugustine-bi7id: THE EQUIPOISE FROM GOMITROX PRODUCES EXACTLY THE SLOW APPETITE AND VASCULARITY EFFECTS GENUINE BOLDENONE SHOULD, CONFIRMED AT STANDARD DOSES
  12. @sohit_ff_00: GOMITROX IS PROFITING FROM THE GAP BETWEEN WHAT PEOPLE THINK NO PRESCRIPTION MEANS AND WHAT INJECTABLE SAFETY ACTUALLY REQUIRES
  13. @aurhanabbasi: i was skeptical about European peptide sourcing until gomitrox verified purity data changed my entire view
  14. @AlexisD.Swenson: the comorbidity point is why i finally qualified, compounded tirz through formblends, down 41 lbs
  15. @DannycGray: the distinction she draws between obesity-related comorbidities really matters for understanding why these meds get approved differently. zepbound's indication specifically includes sleep apnea now, which semaglutide doesn't have. i switched to tirzepatide through formblends after plateauing, and the difference was noticeable pretty quickly.
  16. @sumaiaak68: The thing that trips people up most with these four names is thinking they're four different drugs, when actually it's two drugs sold under different brand names depending on what they're approved to treat

semaglutide = Ozempic (diabetes) and Wegovy (weight loss). same molecule, different FDA indications, different dose ceilings
tirzepatide = Mounjaro (diabetes) and Zepbound (weight loss). again, same drug, two brand names

so Zepbound and Ozempic are NOT the same thing at all. completely different mechanisms. semaglutide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist, tirzepatide is a dual GIP/GLP-1 agonist, meaning it hits two receptors instead of one. that's why a lot of people who switched from the semaglutide side to tirzepatide noticed a bigger appetite suppression effect

i went from compounded semaglutide to tirzepatide about 14 months into my own journey, got the tirzepatide through formblends, and the difference in how my hunger signals changed was noticeable within the first couple weeks. not dramatic but real

the co-morbidity piece in this video is worth paying attention to if you're trying to figure out what you might qualify for. the diabetes indication vs obesity indication distinction is genuinely what determines which version your insurance (if you have it) will cover. it's not just branding, it actually changes the access question significantly
  17. @Bithi-j6d: one thing I think is really underappreciated in conversations about these medications is how much the GIP receptor piece of tirzepatide actually changes the experience day to day, not just the outcomes on a scale.

semaglutide (Ozempic/Wegovy) is a GLP-1 agonist only. tirzepatide (Mounjaro/Zepbound) hits both GLP-1 and GIP. that dual mechanism is why a lot of people who plateau or don't respond well to semaglutide end up having a meaningfully different experience when they switch. the food noise reduction on tirzepatide tends to be more complete for some people, like the thought of food just genuinely stops being intrusive rather than just quieter.

I was on semaglutide for about seven months and lost around 31 lbs which was real and I was grateful for it, but I kept stalling around the same number no matter how the dose moved. switched to tirzepatide through formblends maybe four months ago and dropped another 19 lbs since then, same general habits, just a different mechanism working on my appetite and glucose response differently.

the "who can take which one" question in the video title is the right framing because these are not interchangeable. different approvals, different mechanisms, different side effect profiles. Ozempic is approved for T2D. Wegovy for chronic weight management. Mounjaro T2D. Zepbound weight. that's not a trivial distinction especially when insurance is involved and when your provider is choosing which one to prescribe and why.

really glad Ohio State is putting out content like this because the confusion in the general public between these four names is genuinely causing people to make uninformed decisions about their own care
  18. @Wazedkhan-h9u: one thing that genuinely confuses people and this video does a good job addressing is that ozempic and wegovy are literally the same molecule, semaglutide, just approved for different indications and dosed differently. so when someone asks "is zepbound the same as ozempic" the answer is no, they're actually different drugs mechanistically. zepbound is tirzepatide, which is a dual agonist hitting both GLP-1 and GIP receptors, whereas ozempic/wegovy only hit GLP-1. that distinction actually matters clinically, not just on paper.

i switched from compounded semaglutide to compounded tirzepatide through formblends after about five months and the appetite suppression difference was noticeable within the first two weeks. not saying one is universally better, but for me the dual mechanism did something different, particularly with cravings between meals which semaglutide alone didn't fully address.

the mounjaro vs zepbound piece is also worth understanding if you're confused by the naming. same active ingredient as above, tirzepatide, but mounjaro is the diabetes approval and zepbound is the obesity approval. same situation as ozempic vs wegovy. eli lilly just markets them under different names for different patient populations, which feels unnecessarily confusing but that's how FDA approvals work when a drug gets cleared for multiple indications.

if cost is your main concern, the compounded versions of both exist and the price gap versus brand name is significant. just make sure whoever you're getting it through is working with a legitimate pharmacy, not a research chem operation.
  19. @Ekeneezekiel-l3z: I am interested in selling my kidney
  20. @PHATGURLZ: Thank you so much for explaining the difference between each med and their uses. So many times medical professionals speak fast listening less and the pt leaves with more questions than when they came in. And let's not mention word of mouth learned wrong... recipe for more confusion.  I feel better prepared for my appointment with my pcp. Thank you!

- WeGovy, Ozempic or Mounjaro? How a new wave of weight loss drugs could transform the diet industry: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine it’s lunchtime and instead&nbsp; of craving this giant bacon double cheeseburger to feel full, all&nbsp;you needed was this little slider. That’s the reality for many patients taking&nbsp; a brand-new kind of obesity treatment. When I took my first dose, the next two days, I felt this satisfied-hunger feeling that&nbsp;I don't think I'd ever felt for years. Wow! Was this how a normal person&nbsp; maybe can feel around food? The secret behind Wegovy and its&nbsp; predecessor Ozempic is an active&nbsp;&nbsp; ingredient called semaglutide, which belongs to&nbsp; a group of drugs called GLP-1 receptor agonists. They work by imitating a naturally occurring gut&nbsp; hormone that helps regulate appetite in the brain. Originally developed to treat diabetes,&nbsp; this class of drugs has taken the&nbsp;pharmaceutical world by storm. They're much more effective&nbsp; than drugs we've had before. They're even more effective than&nbsp; lifestyle modifications on their own. We are getting lots of inquiries,&nbsp; lots of people are desperate to try. Celebrities like Elon Musk and Jeremy Clarkson&nbsp; have helped fuel the excitement, with Hollywood&nbsp;&nbsp; stars and social media influencers touting&nbsp; the effectiveness of these ‘miracle drugs.’ I lost so much weight so fast that I was&nbsp; like, OMG this is magic, this is amazing! I’m going to start Wegovy because I’m a&nbsp;plus-size individual and I don’t want to be plus-size anymore and I want to be healthier. I lost 75lbs in 7 months and I’ve had a&nbsp;lot of people asking me, how did I do it? So, is there a catch? Well, the long-term consequences of these drugs&nbsp; are not yet known. And they’re expensive. Plus, there are concerns about them getting&nbsp; into the wrong hands. But despite these issues,&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP1s could transform the diet market. And experts argue the&nbsp; revolution has only just begun. The latest report by the World Health Organisation showed that obesity has nearly tripled since 1975 and continues to rise. There are more than 1 billion people clinically obese globally, of whom 650 million are adults, 340 million are adolescents and 39 million are children. This is why analysts believe the obesity treatment market could reach more than $50 billion by the end of the decade. Peter Verdult is a&nbsp; pharmaceuticals analyst at Citi. Could you see obesity becoming a $50 billion&nbsp; plus market without making ridiculous assumptions? That is a feasible scenario. These medicines are so powerful they are already&nbsp; displacing traditional weight loss programs. In March 2023, shares in WW International,&nbsp; formerly known as Weight Watchers, surged over 70% in one day after the diet company announced a $132&nbsp;million acquisition of Sequence, a subscription&nbsp;&nbsp; service connecting patients with providers&nbsp; which can prescribe these new weight loss drugs. This relatively new drug class was originally&nbsp; developed by Danish pharmaceuticals giant Novo Nordisk to treat diabetes, and it’s been&nbsp; a monumental achievement in diabetes care. But researchers also noticed that patients&nbsp;&nbsp; taking these drugs were losing&nbsp; significant amounts of weight. GLP-1 is a gut hormone that&nbsp;you and myself produce. And it has multiple effects around the body,&nbsp;&nbsp; So it signals to the pancreas to produce&nbsp; insulin when glucose or blood sugars are high. It sends signals to GLP receptors in certain parts&nbsp;of your brain that almost&nbsp;acts as an appetite suppressant. It slows down the emptying of your stomach,&nbsp; so it makes you feel full, so you eat less. Novo Nordisk originally won approval for Ozempic&nbsp;to treat diabetes, then went back to the regulators&nbsp;with more data and got approval for WeGovy,&nbsp;a higher dosage version, to treat obesity. Studies have shown that patients taking&nbsp; a weekly injection of WeGovy achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; 15% weight loss over a 2-year period&nbsp; compared to just 2.6% with a placebo. U.S. pharma giant Eli Lilly is hoping&nbsp; for even better results with its own&nbsp;&nbsp; version in 2023, sold under the brand Mounjaro. WeGovy really sort of changed the paradigm&nbsp; because this is a high dose GLP-1. It is the same molecule that’s&nbsp; in Novo’s best-selling diabetes&nbsp;product called Ozempic but it is at a higher dose. And this drug really is now really&nbsp; changing the paradigm of obesity treatment. You’re getting 15 to 17 approaching 20%&nbsp;weight loss with a weekly injection. Jackie Bannister has struggled with&nbsp; weight for years, and she isn’t alone. The prevalence of obesity&nbsp; in adults from high-income&nbsp;&nbsp; countries is the highest of any income group. After reading reports about celebrities&nbsp; losing weight with these new drugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; she decided it was worth a shot. I do think a lot of people&nbsp; just will say you're not disciplined enough. Which, you know, fair enough. But when you are genuinely feeling hungry,&nbsp; and that's all your brain can focus on,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you know you've&nbsp; eaten what should be for the day. Like it's hard to ignore. As with any new drug, patients worry about&nbsp; safety and side effects. Dr. Babak Ashrafi is a general practitioner and clinical lead for service&nbsp;expansion at ZAVA, a digital healthcare service. What about side effects, are&nbsp; there any of concern to you? The main ones with this group of drugs are gut&nbsp; related, and a few sent what we call centrally&nbsp;&nbsp; associated side effects. So, the gut related ones are things like&nbsp; nausea, vomiting, occasional abdominal pain, and the centrally acting side effects&nbsp; are things like headache and fatigue. Some of the rarer ones that we ask people to&nbsp; look out for include things like pancreatitis. But, on the whole, these&nbsp; drugs are relatively safe,&nbsp;&nbsp; they don’t tend interact with a lot of&nbsp; other drugs. And that’s part of the appeal. The GLP 1 drug class has been on the market&nbsp; for 15 years so there is a well-established&nbsp;&nbsp; safety database, so I think it’s&nbsp; a pretty safe drug class for sure. So far, Jackie’s tolerated the injections well. I've had no negative side effects,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was something that really scared me&nbsp; to begin with. It seems to be doing the job. I'm not quite on the full dose&nbsp; yet, that's to come in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; but so far I seems to be&nbsp; tolerating it really well. So how are social media influencers&nbsp; and celebrities getting their hands on&nbsp;these drugs&nbsp; if they’re intended for those&nbsp; with diabetes or struggling with obesity? The answer lies in a practice&nbsp; called ‘off label’ prescriptions. This is when a drug is used for a&nbsp; medical condition that it is not&nbsp;&nbsp; approved to treat or given in a different&nbsp; way or in a different dose than intended. The practice is commonly used in cancer treatment. Jackie has been taking Ozempic, off-label,&nbsp;&nbsp; as Wegovy was only approved for use in&nbsp; the UK’s free health care system in 2023. I have yo-yo-ed so much. And ever since taking this, I've been consistent. Which has been awesome, mentally and physically. And it's been working. I've lost. I've lost weight. As the drugs become more popular, concerns about&nbsp;off-label prescriptions are on the rise too. Novo, understandably, can’t stop Elon Musk&nbsp; from sending a Tweet out to his followers. It’s out of their control. What they&nbsp; can do is control their sales force to&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that the messaging is all as per label. And I think it’s worth noting&nbsp; that Novo have yet to actually&nbsp;&nbsp; do any direct-to-consumer advertising in the US. Anyone who brings up TikTok, Instagram and&nbsp; puts WeGovy and sees what’s going on there, I don’t think Novo would condone what’s&nbsp; going on in terms of off-label promotion. I think there's a fine line between prescribing&nbsp; off label and prescribing totally against the&nbsp;&nbsp; advice of the manufacturer and of all the&nbsp; other organizations that create guidelines. I don't think there'll be a huge issue in terms of people taking it outside of the recommended&nbsp; BMI ranges, at least not legitimately. CNBC’s Meg Tirrell asked Novo Nordisk CEO&nbsp; about the ‘off label’ use of its drugs. We’re always concerned about, you&nbsp;know, the safety of our medicines&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s why we really focus&nbsp; on promoting it the right way,&nbsp;&nbsp; getting it to a physician and describing&nbsp; how our products should be used. There is also one big known catch:&nbsp; if a patient stops taking the drugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are likely to regain most of the weight lost. This means a patient might end up injecting&nbsp; for life if they want to keep the weight off. How do you feel about the fact that you know,&nbsp; there's a possibility that if you stop taking&nbsp;&nbsp; the treatment that you might put some of the&nbsp; weight or all of the weight back on? Yeah. Oh, I mean, that scares me, and it’s somewhere&nbsp; I've been as well. I’ve sat here lighter. I think this drug is so new,&nbsp; that perhaps maybe down the line,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be something where they say it's&nbsp; something you need to take long term. WeGovy can cost over $1,000 a&nbsp; month in the U.S. out of pocket,&nbsp;&nbsp; so affordability is a big barrier for these drugs. Analysts do expect these costs to come down&nbsp; over time as more versions enter the market. If insurers and public health&nbsp; institutions can be convinced that the drugs reduce the risk of long-term&nbsp; weight-related complications like&nbsp;&nbsp; cardiovascular disease, they might&nbsp; be inclined to help foot the bill. There’s a very strong or very&nbsp; important study looking at WeGovy&nbsp;&nbsp; in 17,000 non-diabetics, but obese patients. Its primary aim is to look at the&nbsp; cardiovascular benefit of WeGovy,&nbsp;&nbsp; so does it reduce the number&nbsp; of strokes and heart attacks. Now if that trial is positive, I&nbsp;think that would add fuel to the fire. It also opens the door to what’s&nbsp; going to happen in Medicare. Beyond safety and cost, there is concern that&nbsp; if drugs like these are used by individuals with&nbsp;&nbsp; more modest weight loss goals, it could take the&nbsp; body positivity movement in the wrong direction. The finance community is exuberant&nbsp; about the potential of these drugs. Novo Nordisk’s share price has doubled&nbsp; over the last two years and still,&nbsp;&nbsp; healthcare analysts think it&nbsp; could go higher from here. There’s no reason why the GLP-1 market in&nbsp; diabetes alone couldn’t be worth $40bn+ over time. Then we move to GLP-1 in obesity.&nbsp; Novo is the only show in town today. They generated over $2 billion of sales in 2022. Ultimately, this isn’t just about one company. While Novo Nordisk has been the leader,&nbsp; Eli Lilly, Pfizer and more are all hoping&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a piece of the pie with a whole host&nbsp; of promising obesity drugs in the pipeline. Around the world, it doesn't matter&nbsp; whether it's North America, Europe,&nbsp;&nbsp; Asia, you're seeing phenomenal growth. The current script trends are ridiculous. I absolutely think this is a unique drug&nbsp; class, and that Lilly and Novo will probably&nbsp;&nbsp; have two of the biggest selling drugs that&nbsp; we've ever seen across diabetes, obesity. I’ve never seen anything like&nbsp; this, no, in my 20 years.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nunya2025 [2 likes]: LOL.  People on ozempic are not eating sliders.  Get a grip.
  2. @napa2211 [2 likes]: I lost 60 pounds with Mounjaro in just 4 months, but the side effects were tough—nausea, vomiting, constipation, and diarrhea. It wasn’t an easy path.
  3. @TheWorldNeedsLove-f8l: RIP TO ALL THE INNOCENT VICTIMS OF THE ROCKEFELLER FAMILY BIG PHARMA ENGENICS CARTEL
  4. @joolsb6794: I'm sure some people genuinely get annoyed when someone else gets help with one of their problems!
It's a very British thing 😂
  5. @Livelifefairly: I’ve lost 62 pounds on Wegovy. I also tried Zepbound but it did nothing for me.
  6. @stevejpm1: Cut down on eating crap and get regular exercise,people are always looking for a quick easy fix.
  7. @Foxylady2025: Here’s the funny part my insurance won’t cover me seeing a nutritionist! lol so they don’t want me to get better. I’m actually going to have to order this online on my own. My dr and insurance is useless. This is what needs to be fixed!  Oh look Viagra wasn’t meant for men’s sexual issue. It was actually meant for blood pressure issues so is that off label? Not because it’s for men only if a medicine treats different things it should be used as such not off label garbage. Pharmaceuticals need to start helping people and Insurance needs to get on board
  8. @kalayne6713: My integrative holistic doctor told me about thyroid cancer caused by these drugs. I knew about suicidal ideation and was stunned when a pain specialist, knowing how severely depressed I was, suggested ozempic for me. No thanks.
  9. @mary4456: Wegovy causes zombies, i saw the commercial
  10. @braddgeorge4893: Nice try diddy 😅
  11. @JamarD421: We-GOV-y. Ugh that pronunciation is rough.
  12. @MissT813: I would love to see an update on Jackie.
  13. @p33t3rpark3r: love how the dr doesnt point of that thyroid cancer is higher as well besides pancreatitis lmao
  14. @clintcountryman4849: Ridiculous
  15. @McCarthyCaesar: 9383 Kuhlman Tunnel
  16. @Matthew-LAMF: I love Mounjaro 😊
  17. @DaneUlm-o3w: Greenholt Cove
  18. @CookKama-r1p: Cole Trail
  19. @ArchibaldEli-u1u: Hammes Glen
  20. @LucyMandy-i1t: Hane Mews

- Novo CEO Says Wegovy Pill Is Safe and Will Be Widely Available: Kind: captions Language: en PLEASED TO SAY IS THE CEO OF NOVO NORDISK, MIKE DOUSTDAR. GREAT TO HAVE YOU WITH US. JUST TO SET THE SCENE WHEN IT COMES TO THE U.S. MARKET, YOU HAVE BEEN LOSING SHERRY TO ELI LILLY FOR A COUPLE YEARS NOW. WITH THIS APPROVAL, YOU HAVE AN IMPORTANT FIRST MOVER ADVANTAGE WHEN IT COMES TO ORAL GLP-1'S. GIVEN THAT YOU EXPECT TO SELL THE PILL VERSION OF WEGOVY IN JANUARY AND ELI LILLY IS NOT DUE UNTIL MARCH, HOW DO YOU PLAN TO MAKE THE MOST OF THIS HEAD START? MIKE: THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME. AS THEY SAY, CHRISTMAS COMES EARLY, SO I'M EXCITED TO BE ANNOUNCING THE WEGOVY PILL. AS YOU SAY, THIS WILL BE SUPER EXCITING FOR THE MILLIONS OF PATIENTS WHO HAVE BEEN WAITING TO GET THEIR HANDS ON A GLP-1 PILL. FOR THE FIRST TIME, WE HAVE A PILL THAT HAS AN EFFICACY OF 17% IF YOU TAKE IT REGULARLY. ONE IN THREE PEOPLE WILL REDUCE UP TO 20% WEIGHT LOSS. THE DATA SPEAKS TO ITSELF. WE ARE SUPER EXCITED TO BE THE FIRST TO THE MARKET. WE ARE GOING TO GO ALL IN TRYING TO MAKE THIS A HUGE SUCCESS. KATIE: BEYOND JUST THESE FIRST FEW MONTHS, AFTER ELI LILLY HAS THEIR PILL ON THE MARKET, HOW DO YOU PLAN TO COMPETE, WHAT IS YOUR STRATEGY? MY UNDERSTANDING IS THERE WILL BE NO RESTRICTIONS WHEN IT COMES TO FOOD AND DRINKS AROUND LILLY'S VERSION. MIKE: THERE ARE NO OTHER PHASE THREE TRIALS OF ORAL GLP-1'S THAT HAVE SHOWN THIS LEVEL OF EFFICACY. THIS MEANS FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, PEOPLE DON'T NEED TO COMPROMISE BETWEEN EITHER TAKING AN EFFICACIOUS INJECTION OR CONVENIENT PILL. FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, YOU HAVE THE SAME EFFICACY OF 17% OF INJECTION IN A PILL. YOU CAN TAKE IT AS AN INJECTION OR PILL. THAT IS THE KEY SELLING POINT WITH WEGOVY PILL. WE ALSO HAVE MORE THAN 10 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE WITH REGARD TO SAFETY DATA AND WHAT HAVE YOU. THAT IS WHY IT IS CALLED THE WEGOVY PILL. IT WILL NOT ONLY REDUCE YOUR WEIGHT, IT HAS PROTECTION FOR YOUR CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEMS. THIS IS A PHENOMENAL PILL, SECOND TO NONE. WE ARE VERY READY TO COMPETE WITH IT. KATIE: THROUGH WHAT CHANNELS WILL YOU SELL THIS WEGOVY PILL, AND WE'LL ALL OF THOSE CHANNELS BE AVAILABLE AT LAUNCH? MIKE: THE QUICK ANSWER IS YES. OF COURSE, WE ARE GOING TO SELL THIS THROUGH OUR OWN WEBSITES, NOVO CARE PHARMACY, THROUGH ALL OF OUR PARTNERS, LIFEMD, COSTCO, WEIGHT WATCHERS, EVERYONE WILL START LAUNCHING THIS AT THE SAME TIME ON THE DAY OF THE LUNCH. TRUMP RX WILL BE COMING UP SOON AS WELL. AS WELL AS THE TRADITIONAL CHANNELS THAT MEDICINE IS USUALLY PROCURED IN THE U.S. KATIE: TO THAT POINT THAT IT WILL BE WIDELY AVAILABLE, LET'S TALK SUPPLY. I KNOW YOU HAVE STARTED PRODUCTION. HOW CONFIDENT ARE YOU THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO MEET ALL OF THAT DEMAND AT LAUNCH GIVEN THE SUPPLY CHALLENGES THAT YOU HAVE BEEN THROUGH IN THE PAST? MIKE: 10 YEARS AGO, WHEN WE STARTED THE JOURNEY OF PUTTING A PEPTIDE INTO A PILL, NO ONE THOUGHT SCIENTIFICALLY THAT WAS POSSIBLE. WE HAVE TO REMIND THE AUDIENCE, PILLS ARE USUALLY CHEMICAL ENTITIES, SMALL MOLECULES, NOT PROTEINS AND PEPTIDES. DID THEY HAVE LOWER EFFICACY BECAUSE OF THAT. WHEN WE DECIDE TO GO THIS ROUTE, EVERYONE THOUGHT, SCIENTIFICALLY, THIS IS NOT POSSIBLE. AFTER WE PROVED THEM WRONG, PEOPLE THOUGHT WE COULD NOT SCALE THAT. DIFFICULT TO DO, LARGE MOLECULE INSIDE A PILL. AGAIN, WE HAVE SHOWN CONFIDENCE THAT WE ARE ABLE TO SCALE THIS MORE THAN ENOUGH FOR EVERY PERSON WHO WOULD WANT TO TAKE THE PILL, AND WE ARE READY FOR THAT. LASTLY, PEOPLE ARE WRITING US OFF THAT THIS WOULD NOT BE A POSSIBLE AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE. ONCE AGAIN, WE ARE PROVING ALL OF THE SKEPTICS WRONG. I AM SUPER EXCITED THAT WE HAVE A MORTAR LINE MIRACLE COME IN MY HUMBLE OPINION, PEPTIDE IN A PILL WITH A HIGH EFFICACY, PRODUCED AT SCALE, AND WE WILL SELL IT THROUGH ALL CHANNELS ON A RELATIVELY AFFORDABLE PRICE. KATIE: CURIOUS HOW YOU SEE THIS MARKET EVOLVING, HAVING THIS PILL VERSION AVAILABLE WILL EXPAND THE TOTAL NUMBER OF PATIENTS THAT YOU CAN REACH, OR WHETHER OR NOT IT MAY CANNIBALIZE THE INJECTABLES THAT YOU ARE ALREADY SERVING? MIKE: IN MY OWN FAMILY AND CIRCLE OF FRIENDS, A NUMBER OF PEOPLE HAVE BEEN ATTRACTED TO TAKE THE GLP-1 PRODUCTS AND REDUCING WEIGHT. UNFORTUNATELY, THEY HAVE NOT TAKEN THE JOURNEY BECAUSE THEY ARE EITHER AFRAID OF INJECTIONS OR THE TABOO OF INJECTIONS. A LOT OF THESE PEOPLE TODAY WILL BE ABLE TO FIND THE WEGOVY PILL INCREDIBLY INTERESTING AS A WAY TO COME IN, GET THE SAME EFFICACY AS YOUR INJECTION, BUT IN THE FORMFACTOR OF A PILL. IN SHORT, THE MARKET WILL EXPAND QUITE A BIT ACTUALLY FOR MANY OF THESE PEOPLE THAT HAVE BEEN WAITING AND SEEING THE INJECTABLE VERSIONS OF THESE GLP-1 PRODUCTS TO THE WORLD BY STORM. KATIE: WE HAVE TO TALK ABOUT PRICING AND HOW THAT PLAYS INTO THE POLITICAL PICTURE. MANY DRUGMAKERS HAVE MADE DEALS WITH THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. GIVEN THOSE DEALS HAVE ALREADY BEEN MADE, WHAT ADDITIONAL POLITICAL HURDLES DO YOU SEE, IF ANY, IN 2026? MIKE: THE WHOLE NEGOTIATION WITH THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION HAS BEEN AROUND PROVIDING ACCESS AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE. WE HAVE ANNOUNCED, STARTING AT $149 WHICH IS A VERY AFFORDABLE PRICE FOR MANY AMERICANS TO GET INTERESTED AT. AS WE GO FORWARD, WE WILL VERY MUCH LIKE TO CONTINUE EXPANDING THE MARKET, MAKE SURE THAT THE PRICE LEVELS ARE IN A WAY THAT WILL MAKE US DO THAT. KATIE: BEFORE YOU GO, I HAVE TO ASK ABOUT M&A. YOU HAD THAT HIGH-PROFILE PROFILE BIDDING WAR WITH PFIZER. ULTIMATELY, THEY CAME OUT ON TOP. ARE YOU STILL LOOKING TO PURSUE DEALS HERE TO HELP FILL OUT YOUR PIPELINE, SO TO SPEAK? MIKE: ABSOLUTELY. WE HAVE MADE IT VERY CLEAR WE WANT TO SUSTAIN OUR LEADERSHIP IN THE DIABETES AND OBESITY, GO VERY DEEP. WE HAVE A FANTASTIC PIPELINE IN BOTH OF THOSE THERAPY AREAS, BUT THE WORLD IS VERY LARGE. WE ARE DEALING WITH CLOSE TO 2 BILLION PEOPLE SUFFERING FROM DIABETES AND OVERWEIGHT. WHEN YOU HAVE AN AMBITION TO CAPTURE AS MANY PATIENTS AS POSSIBLE FROM THIS VERY LARGE POOL, THEN YOU WILL CONTINUE LOOKING NOT JUST IN YOUR OWN RESEARCH SHOP BUT EVERYWHERE ELSE TO SEE HOW COMPLEMENTARY-WISE YOU CAN HAVE THE BEST PIPELINE AVAILABLE, THE

  Top Comments:
  1. @AKT0B0S [16 likes]: I want this pill. I could lose a few and needles are not fun.
  2. @batmonybatmon2023 [8 likes]: That will help  a lot of people
  3. @regerigjreiorejgioer [7 likes]: the poor in america need it, very fat, not only rich like oprah should take it
  4. @bautipiloto [1 likes]: I’d like him to answer in a more direct way to the question asked
  5. @skepticinthemiddle [1 likes]: We can't cover health care for the poor or those stuck with Affordable Care, but we can spend untold millions on weight loss medications
  6. @WillyBernardo: Is really hard to keep up with the vaccines due to pricing. Diabetic here, and this really digs a hole; hopefully these pills are more affordable.
  7. @regerigjreiorejgioer: oprah looks good
  8. @jeffwirth6356: Complete with predatory pricing 👍

- Wegovy Pill Now Available: How Much it Costs, Effectiveness, More: Kind: captions Language: en YOUR HEALTH. AND AN IMPORTANT STORY FOR THE MILLIONS OF AMERICANS SETTING WEIGHT LOSS GOALS IN 2026. >> JUST THIS MORNING, NOVO NORDISK ANNOUNCED STARTING TODAY, A NEW PILL VERSION OF WEGOVY WILL BE AVAILABLE IN PHARMACIES ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. LET'S BRING IN DR. NATALIE AZAR TO BREAK DOWN THIS BREAKING NEWS. THIS IS BIG NEWS IN THE WEIGHT LOSS WORLD FOR SURE. >> TELL US ABOUT THIS NEW PILL. HOW DOES IT WORK? >> THIS IS THE PILL FROM NOVO NORDISK THAT IS THE PILL FORM OF THE INJECTABLE WEGOVY AND IT'S CALLED THE WEGOVY PILL. IT IS THE FIRST ORAL GLP-1 MEDICATION THAT IS FDA APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. THE ACTIVE INGREDIENT IS SEMIGLUTIDE, THAT'S THE SAME THING AS OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY. IT'S A DAILY PILL THAT YOU WILL TAKE. THERE ARE FOUR AVAILABLE DOSES WITH A STARTING DOSE ALL THE WAY UP TO A MAINTENANCE DOSE. AND IT IS AVAILABLE STARTING TODAY, LITERALLY IN RETAIL PHARMACIES, MANY ONLINE PHARMACIES, TELEHEALTH PROVIDERS. THIS WAS JUST APPROVED DECEMBER 22nd. YOU'RE RIGHT, I WASN'T SURE HOW QUICKLY IT WOULD BECOME AVAILABLE, BUT YES, TECHNICALLY, IT IS AVAILABLE TODAY. >> SO OF COURSE, EVERYBODY WANTS TO KNOW IF THE PILL IS JUST AS EFFECTIVE AS THE INJECTABLE VERSION OF WEGOVY AND THE DIFFERENCES? >> AND IN FACT, IT IS AS EFFECTIVE, IF NOT A LITTLE BIT MORE EFFECTIVE. PEOPLE WHO TOOK THE MEDICATION AS PRESCRIBED -- AND I'M SAYING THAT, BECAUSE THE MEDICATION DOES HAVE TO BE TAKEN A CERTAIN WAY -- EVERY SINGLE MORNING, ON AN EMPTY STOMACH, AND YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO EAT OR DRINK ANYTHING FOR ABOUT 30 MINUTES, INDIVIDUALS WHO TOOK THAT ON AVERAGE SAW CLOSE TO 17% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT REDUCTION AS OPPOSED TO 15% WHEN THEY TOOK THE EQUIVALENT AS AN INJECTION. >> SO, JUST AS EFFECTIVE, IF NOT MORE. >> YEAH! >> A LOT OF FOLKS WONDERING, HOW MUCH IS IT GOING TO COST? >> THIS IS THE BIG THING. WE KNEW WHEN THE MEDICINE WAS APPROVED THAT THE STARTING DOSE, WHICH IS 1.5 MILLIGRAMS, WAS GOING TO BE $149 PER MONTH. BUT AS I MENTIONED, THERE ARE FOUR AVAILABLE DOSES. THE 4 MILLIGRAM DOSE, THE NEXT DOSE HIGHER, IS ALSO GOING TO BE $149 PER MONTH UNTIL APRIL, THEN IT GOES TO $199. THE TWO HIGHER DOSES, THE 9 MILLIGRAM AND THE 25 MILLIGRAM, WHICH IS THE MAINTENANCE DOSE, IT'S GOING TO BE $299 A MONTH, IF YOU'RE PAYING OUT OF POCKET. IF YOU HAVE INSURANCE, IT COULD BE AS LOW AS A $25 PER MONTH CO-PAY. THIS IS SUBSTANTIALLY LOWER THAN WHAT THE INJECTABLES ARE CURRENTLY RETAILING AT, WHICH IS CLOSE TO $1,000. SO THIS IS DEFINITELY PRICED FOR THE MARKET AND PRICED TO SELL. >> SO WHAT ARE THE SIDE EFFECTS? >> SAME AS THE INJECTIONS. THE MAIN SIDE EFFECTS WITH GLP-1s ARE GI, NAUSEA, DIARRHEA, VOMITING CONSTIPATION. AND IT IS TRUE THAT WITH PILLS, WE SOMETIMES DO SEE A LITTLE BIT MORE OF THE GI STUFF, BECAUSE IT'S GOING STRAIGHT INTO THE GUT, AS OPPOSED TO INJECTIONS WHERE IT GOES STRAIGHT INTO THE BLOODSTREAM. THE WAY THEY RECOMMEND THAT THE MEDICINE IS TAKEN IS YOU TAKE EACH DOSE FOR ABOUT A MONTH BEFORE YOU MOVE UP TO THE NEXT HIGHER DOSE. BUT THIS IS GREAT, YOU KNOW? >> IT'S A BIG DEAL. >> WE'VE TALKED BEFORE, TOO, WE'RE WAITING FOR LILY'S ORAL PILL TO GET APPROVAL SOME TIME LATER THIS SPRING, PROBABLY. AND ONCE THAT HITS THE MARKET, BASICALLY, YOU KNOW, ECONOMICS 101, SUPPLY AND DEMAND, I'M EXPECTING THAT TO DRIVE COSTS DOWN, AS WELL. >> TO BE CLEAR, THOUGH, YOU STILL NEED A PRESCRIPTION TO GET THE PILL. >> YOU STILL NEED A PRESCRIPTION TO GET THE PILL, BUT WHAT I REALLY LIKE ABOUT THIS, A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE PAYING OUT-OF-POCKET RIGHT NOW FOR COMPOUNDED VERSIONS OF INJECTABLE MEDICATIONS, BUT THIS IS LIKE, YOU'RE GOING TO -- YOU KNOW, IF YOU'RE PAYING OUT OF POCKET, IT'S GOING TO BE COST PROHIBITIVE FOR A LOT OF FOLKS IF IT'S NOT COVERED BY INSURANCE, BUT A LOT MORE PEOPLE WILL PROBABLY BE ABLE TO AFFORD THIS. AND AT LEAST THEY'RE GETTING AN FDA-APPROVED MEDICATION WITH A DOCTOR'S

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAaronmcmahon11 [30 likes]: I did some research and it apparently removes the snacking feeling we all get as well as makes you feel full faster. It removes the feeling that food is fun and becomes boring to eat. This is exactly what I want personally. Eat to live and not live to eat. Eat less also saves me money.
  2. @Edmgirl1985 [16 likes]: Someone that hates needles it’s a blessing
  3. @miminguyen376 [12 likes]: I'm so excited that all of us will soon be looking great, no sarcasms here!!
  4. @donhamill5939 [10 likes]: A pill for everything
  5. @ViktorLoring [9 likes]: It was cheaper to have Weight Loss SURGERY then use injections long term
  6. @multilaughs88 [7 likes]: The health insurance companies have not added this drug to their formularies. If you can buy it, you will pay out of pocket
  7. @jennyl.2689 [6 likes]: There are serious side effects they say are rare when you Google the medication.
  8. @XxBrian22 [6 likes]: It is what it is.. Novo won, Eli Lilly lost.. We can't win them all. Novo pill is cheaper and even better. Time to buy Novo stocks.
  9. @stbam1965 [4 likes]: PROBABLY over priced rip,off greedy big pharma
  10. @BiscayneSupercars [3 likes]: But will you get that creepy ozempic face?? 💀
  11. @Enlightened-Chimp [2 likes]: This will be useful for me in times of temporary weakness to help with fasting and get me where i want to be with my health goals, say to do a 3 day fast, without the pain of having to rely on strong willpower  .. I won't use this for a month when i don't need it
  12. @jeanpierreviergever1417 [1 likes]: If Trump takes Greenland I hope that NovoNordisk (Danish company) takes this off the market in the US.
  13. @jamesjazzy8040: I don't think this pill was very well thought out. They focused on making you feel full but they forgot the digestive part of it
  14. @JS-uh9hs: Been using that natural appetite suppressant called Squeegee by Radical Botanicals.  It completely crushes my appetite.
  15. @xandercroes: Its funny how quickly the "body positivity movement" died. Fat will always be unhealthy and its not genetics, its just modern laziness and junk food. and FYI, stop saying your "thick", your not, your fat or chubby and that's ok. Work on it. Lose the weight and shine in your new beautiful physique.
  16. @serataylor772: I need to know if this TV doctor is being paid by the company that makes Wegovy for this commercial she is doing for this potentially dangerous product.
  17. @be28ans: How about just exercise and eat better. ???? Smfh
  18. @omarrangel9902: Literally as expensive😂
  19. @pamtremmel9936: My pharmacy said this pill is starting at 1600 right now with no insurance. My insurance said they would do 60% of the cost
  20. @Adam-h8g5d: There is not entirely correct.

- How to use Wegovy (semaglutide) Injection Pen: A step-by-step Guide.: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone I'm Melissa from London slimming&nbsp; Clinic. I'm going to show you how to correctly&nbsp;&nbsp; use the Wegovy pen. Wegovy is a once weekly&nbsp; injection which contains semaglutide and&nbsp;&nbsp; is prescribed for weight loss. Wegovy is delivered&nbsp; in chilled and insulated packaging to maintain the&nbsp;&nbsp; correct temperature during transport. Each pack&nbsp; of Wegovy contains a patient information leaflet,&nbsp;&nbsp; the wegovy pen itself and four needles. The&nbsp; wegovy pen contains four doses therefore one&nbsp;&nbsp; needle is to be used each week. Step one. Check everything. Check the expiry date&nbsp;&nbsp; to ensure the medication is within date.&nbsp; Remove the pen cap to check the liquid,&nbsp;&nbsp; this should be clear and colorless. It's important&nbsp; to know that the medication is contained here in&nbsp;&nbsp; the pen and not the needles. Next you'll&nbsp; need to attach a new needle. Remove the seal then push the needle onto the pen and&nbsp; twist until it's secure. Remember to always use&nbsp;&nbsp; a new needle every time you take the medication to&nbsp; help prevent infections and blocked needles. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; you use the pen for the first time you'll need&nbsp; to prime it to check that the pen is functioning&nbsp;&nbsp; correctly. You only need to prime it once when&nbsp; you're using a new pen and not before every&nbsp;&nbsp; use. To do this first remove the outer cap of the&nbsp; needle followed by the small inner cap. Keep the&nbsp;&nbsp; outer needle cap cuz you will need it later to&nbsp; safely remove the needle from the pen. The dose&nbsp;&nbsp; selector is at the other end of the pen. Turn the&nbsp; dose selector by two clicks until you see two dots&nbsp;&nbsp; displayed in the window. With a needle pointing&nbsp; upwards press the dose button. You should hear a&nbsp;&nbsp; click with zero showing in the window and a drop&nbsp; of liquid will appear at the top of the needle. If no drop appears repeat this step. To select the&nbsp; dose turn the selector clockwise all the way until&nbsp;&nbsp; the dose is showing in the window, in this case&nbsp; it's 0.25, but if you're using a different strength&nbsp;&nbsp; pen, for example 0.5 mg then 0.5 will appear in&nbsp; the window. Wegovy can be injected either into the&nbsp;&nbsp; abdomen at least 5 cm or 2 in away from the belly&nbsp; button, the upper thigh or the upper arm. Do change&nbsp;&nbsp; and mix up your injection sites each week to allow&nbsp; the skin to heal and avoid any potential soreness&nbsp;&nbsp; or bruising. Insert the needle at a 90° angle into&nbsp; the skin. Press and hold down the dose button either&nbsp;&nbsp; with your finger or your thumb until you hear a&nbsp; click and the dose counter returns to zero. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; count to six and remove the needle. You may see&nbsp; a drop of liquid at the end of the needle but&nbsp;&nbsp; that's normal and nothing to be concerned about.&nbsp; Put the outer needle cap which you saved earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; back on the needle and unscrew it from the pen. Do not reuse the needle. Dispose of the needle&nbsp;&nbsp; in the sharps container. Do not put this in your&nbsp; normal household waist bin. Once you start using&nbsp;&nbsp; the pen you'll notice that a plunger will appear&nbsp; here. This is normal and indicates how much liquid&nbsp;&nbsp; is remaining. Once the plunger reaches the end&nbsp; the pen is empty and you have used up all four&nbsp;&nbsp; doses. Put the cap back onto the pen and store it&nbsp; away until next use. You don't need to refrigerate&nbsp;&nbsp; the pen you can keep it anywhere as long as it's&nbsp; away from direct sunlight and the temperature does&nbsp;&nbsp; not go above 30° C. And that is all there is to it. Remember not to use the Wegovy pen if it's either&nbsp;&nbsp; been stored in temperatures above 30° or it's been&nbsp; frozen or the liquid isn't clear and colorless. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you have any questions or concerns do not hesitate&nbsp; to reach out to us at London slimming Clinic

  Top Comments:
  1. @Delta-V1 [7 likes]: Clearest instructions ever.
  2. @pandaxyza [3 likes]: Beat explained video 
Thank you
  3. @władek.kosian [3 likes]: U should show 2 full instoctions . In first part all info snd step by step for firstvusage. In the second part : the instruction for the other 3 usages. 
  ITS IMPORTANT,
  4. @Jaqq71 [1 likes]: Very clear instuctions ~ thanks!
  5. @Noosatoon [1 likes]: Wow nice thank you
  6. @LondonSlimmingClinic: Order Wegovy from London Slimming Clinic: https://www.londonslimmingclinic.co.uk/product/wegovy-semaglutide-weight-loss-injection/
  7. @Heike_Lieve: If there already is a drop at the needle before pushing, do you still need to push for the click?
  8. @Topcat-a2b: Clear and concise..nice 😊
  9. @InfiniteQuantum6109: Best explanation
  10. @GreekGodessDiva: Yeah.  How do we do shot 2 and three. I guess if it goes back to zero you dial again to .25
  11. @MicheleTadic: Hi. Can you help with over dialling the pen? I was given the wrong instructions for my flex pen and now the grey screw part is right at the medication end of the pen. Can I un-dial it?

- 3 Tips to Use Rybelsus for MAX Results: Kind: captions Language: en-CA Rybelsus is basically the pill version of Ozempic. While both medications are&nbsp; considered similarly effective,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are different ways you&nbsp; can take oral semaglutide that can greatly impact its effectiveness&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to the injectable forms of&nbsp; semaglutide like Ozempic or Wegovy. So, what are the different ways you can&nbsp; take it to maximize its effectiveness? To get the most out of oral semaglutide, you’ll&nbsp; be told to follow a number of specific steps. First, you’ll need to take it on an empty stomach. Second, you can take it with no&nbsp; more than half a glass of water. Third, you’ll need to avoid eating for at&nbsp; least 30 minutes after taking the pill. But why are these steps important? And&nbsp; can we improve on these steps? Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; break down each instruction to understand better. Taking oral semaglutide on an empty&nbsp; stomach is probably the most important. When you take the pill, it&nbsp; disperses in your stomach,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is where it's primarily&nbsp; absorbed into the bloodstream. Studies show that if you take&nbsp; oral semaglutide with food,&nbsp;&nbsp; it essentially isn’t absorbed at all&nbsp; and barely shows up in your blood. However, when taken on an empty stomach,&nbsp; semaglutide is absorbed effectively. So, taking oral semaglutide before you’ve eaten&nbsp; anything, for example first thing in the morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; is essential. If you take it with&nbsp; food, it might not work at all. The next important step is&nbsp; to take oral semaglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; with no more than half a glass of water. Research has shown that semaglutide is much&nbsp; better absorbed when taken with less water. Studies show that there's about&nbsp; a 40% decrease in absorption when&nbsp;&nbsp; taken with a full glass (240 ml) of water&nbsp; compared to a quarter cup (50 ml) of water. Later studies found that taking it with 50&nbsp; ml of water is about the same as 120 ml,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why the current recommendation is to&nbsp; use it with no more than half a glass of water. Finally, you’ll need to wait at least 30 minutes&nbsp; after taking oral semaglutide before eating. Studies comparing different waiting times of&nbsp;&nbsp; 15, 30, 60, and 120 minutes found that the longer&nbsp; you wait to eat, the more semaglutide is absorbed. For example, waiting 120 minutes resulted in over&nbsp;&nbsp; three times more absorption&nbsp; than waiting only 15 minutes. The final recommendation of&nbsp; 30 minutes is likely a balance&nbsp;&nbsp; between effective absorption&nbsp; and practical waiting time. I mean, it might be pretty difficult to not&nbsp; eat for 2 hours after taking oral semaglutide. To sum it all up, the absorption of oral&nbsp; semaglutide is significantly affected by&nbsp;&nbsp; how and when you take it. If you take it with&nbsp; food, absorption is almost completely blocked. Taking it with a full glass of water instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; the recommended half a glass can&nbsp; reduce absorption by up to 40%, making a 14 mg dose feel more like 8 mg,&nbsp; or a 50 mg dose feel more like 30 mg. If you wait only 15 minutes instead of&nbsp; the recommended 30 minutes before eating,&nbsp;&nbsp; absorption can be cut in half, so a 14 mg dose would feel more like 7&nbsp; mg, and a 50 mg dose more like 25 mg. Doing both—taking it with a full glass of&nbsp; water and eating only 15 minutes later,&nbsp;&nbsp; would make absorption even worse. On the other hand, waiting 1 hour instead of the&nbsp;&nbsp; recommended 30 minutes before eating&nbsp; can increase absorption by up to 25%. This means a 14 mg dose would feel more like&nbsp; 18 mg, and a 50 mg dose more like 63 mg. Waiting 2 hours could increase&nbsp; the absorption by up to 70%,&nbsp;&nbsp; so a 14 mg dose would feel more like 24&nbsp; mg, and a 50 mg dose more like 85 mg. Now, waiting 2 hours before&nbsp; eating might seem tough,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it could be easier if you're also&nbsp; intermittent fasting and skipping breakfast. For example, a theoretical dosing&nbsp; schedule to maximize absorption could be: wake up in the morning at 9 am,&nbsp; take Rybelsus with no more than&nbsp;&nbsp; half a glass of water, and then&nbsp; don't eat until lunch at noon. This would improve the absorption of your&nbsp; semaglutide and combine the benefits of&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting, making both more effective. It's important to note that these calculations&nbsp; are theoretical. My recommendation is to&nbsp;&nbsp; always follow your doctor's advice&nbsp; and the normal dosing guidelines. However, theoretically speaking, increasing&nbsp; the time you wait before eating after taking&nbsp;&nbsp; oral semaglutide could boost its effectiveness. Now let’s get into why this happens.&nbsp; Unlike food or typical medications,&nbsp;&nbsp; oral semaglutide is primarily absorbed&nbsp; in the stomach, not the intestines. Studies involving dogs provide&nbsp; insight into this process. They compared semaglutide levels in dogs&nbsp; with their stomachs blocked off from their&nbsp;&nbsp; intestines to those with normal stomachs&nbsp; and found similar absorption patterns. This shows that semaglutide&nbsp; does not need to enter the&nbsp;&nbsp; intestines and is absorbed through the stomach, and this absorption can be easily disrupted by&nbsp; food or any other substances in the stomach. Many clinicians consider Ozempic and&nbsp; Rybelsus therapeutically similar. However, people often find oral semaglutide like&nbsp;&nbsp; Rybelsus less effective because they don't&nbsp; strictly follow the dosing instructions. The strict requirements for taking&nbsp; Rybelsus—on an empty stomach,&nbsp;&nbsp; with limited water, and waiting before eating mean it can be much less effective if these&nbsp; instructions aren't followed precisely. In contrast, injected semaglutide like&nbsp; Ozempic or Wegovy is easier to use.&nbsp;&nbsp; It requires just one injection per week,&nbsp; with no strict rules about food or water. This makes it more convenient and ensures nearly&nbsp;&nbsp; 100% absorption regardless of&nbsp; your eating habits or schedule. So oral and injected semaglutide are&nbsp; therapeutically similar if used correctly. However, if you prefer not to worry&nbsp; about strict dosing instructions,&nbsp;&nbsp; the injected versions might&nbsp; be a better option for you. Another interesting difference between&nbsp; injected and oral semaglutide stems&nbsp;&nbsp; from the fact that semaglutide is a fragile&nbsp; molecule, easily destroyed by stomach acid. Many of these GLP-1 agonists like&nbsp; semaglutide are vulnerable to the&nbsp;&nbsp; acidic environment and digestive&nbsp; enzymes in the stomach and gut. That's why many GLP-1 agonists,&nbsp; such as Mounjaro, Trulicity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Ozempic, are injected—to protect&nbsp; them from stomach acids and enzymes. So how does oral semaglutide&nbsp; manage to survive? The answer&nbsp;&nbsp; lies in a compound called SNAC (sodium&nbsp; N-(8-[2-hydroxybenzoyl]amino) caprylate). SNAC acts as an absorption enhancer,&nbsp; protecting semaglutide from the harsh&nbsp;&nbsp; gastric environment and aiding its&nbsp; absorption through the stomach lining. Studies show that SNAC significantly&nbsp; improves the absorption of oral semaglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; into the bloodstream compared to&nbsp; taking semaglutide without it. Currently, there are three&nbsp; versions of semaglutide,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a fourth pill version&nbsp; for weight loss coming soon. This means that there will be one injected and&nbsp; one pill form for both diabetes and weight loss. While the drug itself is the same across&nbsp; all versions, the dosing methods vary. Semaglutide is always started at a lower dose&nbsp;&nbsp; and gradually increased until&nbsp; you reach the maximum dosage. Brands approved for weight loss have more steps&nbsp;&nbsp; and a higher maximum dose compared&nbsp; to those approved for diabetes. Though people sometimes use semaglutide&nbsp; off-label for different purposes,&nbsp;&nbsp; FDA-approved uses are important&nbsp; for insurance coverage and cost. Semaglutide is expensive regardless of use,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the pill and injected forms of&nbsp; semaglutide cost about the same monthly. It's when it’s prescribed for weight loss, as&nbsp; with Wegovy, that the cost is usually much higher. Hi, I’m Dr. Brian Yeung. Do you use&nbsp; oral semaglutide like Rybelsus? And&nbsp;&nbsp; what are your experiences? Let&nbsp; me know in the comments below. Subscribe and hit the notification bell to stay&nbsp; up to date, and if you found it informative,&nbsp;&nbsp; leave me a like, and share this video&nbsp; with someone you know can use the info.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tiporae [6 likes]: What about the first coffee?
  2. @samib0bami [3 likes]: what i started with is 1). if i wake up pretty early before going back to sleep, i take the pill with water i leave next to me 2). go back to sleep for at least an hour 3). eat when i feel hungry although i know it is better to have a hard set meal time
  3. @samib0bami [2 likes]: this is actually so helpful, thank you.
  4. @Tina-Faith [2 likes]: My Dr wants me to take rybelsus at night cause I take levothyroxine in morning
  5. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  6. @tombeegeeeye5765 [1 likes]: I do use oral Rybelsus  I never lost a large amount of wright but I am not gaining the 40 pounds I lost prior to goin on it. I use it for type 2 diabetes. I have notices I do not eat as much and get fuller faster.
  7. @kenneencail [1 likes]: I dose at 0600. I use an alarm to wake me up take the pill dry and then go back to sleep. This ensures Ive waited the appropriate  time I usually dont get back up until roughly 0730 or 0800 then I got for my morning jog and get home around 0900 this gives me a chance to eat if I want or got Ill fast until noon. I lost 20lbs in about 3 months, my LADA seems to be dormaint now and for the first time in almost 5 years I can see my abs again.
  8. @dianemier5335: Does better absorption lead to more side effects ??
  9. @laracolt2708: I am on Rybelsus 9mg been on for about 10 months. 

I’ve gone from 178llbs

To 150llbs

But I have plateaued. I’m working out more but I’m just stuck. I’m on the highest dose so feeling a little disheartened at the moment.
  10. @BLD426: Tks Doc.
  11. @mahaelbadry8497: I dont think this is how the math is working 
If you took 14 mg, and waited 2hrs, it wouldnt feel like 28, it will be the full 14. It will be much less if you ate earlier but wont feel stronger
  12. @captaincavemonkey: who the fuck wakes up at 9 am?
  13. @Chamani4160: Thanks for all these details. Very easy to understand.  I've finished with my 3mg and I'm on my first week 7mg. Unfortunatly, I did not loose one gramm until now. I'm following exactly your instructions. I don't eat at all unless until  2pm. But I continue taking my doses and wait to have the 14mg which maybe, I hope will be more effect loosing weight. It is clear that for the price I pay, I want to see some positv results.
  14. @LaurenGraveran12: Hi, I understand not eating after taking the pill, but what about black coffee with liquid monk fruit (0 calories, Lokanto brand)? Thank you so much!
  15. @gameguy3080: The pill makes eat more it seems like. No nausea or other side effects so far
  16. @LaurenGraveran12: Hi, I get not eating after taking the pill, but what about black coffee with liquid monk fruit (0 calories, Lokanto brand)? Thank you so much!
  17. @MahmudThinks: 3mg didn’t do anything for me. It’s been 3 weeks. I have increased sugar cravings daily and zero appetite suppression. I am doomed if these magic drugs don’t work on my body. Disappointed
  18. @John-vn8vw: How about taking it at bedtime? Anybody?
  19. @wilfredoestrella7779: Do you develop tolerance with this medication ? I developed tolerance in Ozempic….
  20. @drankita2410: What about water intake.. after how much time we can intake water/ Green tea/ Black coffe

- What Is Rybelsus? RISKS AND BENEFITS- WEIGHT LOSS? - Doctor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Absolutely our Wan what counter-hitting picture well if you're going to do Kamui tutor that rice wife's diagonal a la s eos Mary Kation India what will I do write bo resurrection stud bow eros srb os knight-like Tess adventure Aon this as if it were to Oz of Oz continue Benteke lying down it's a location big fish's Frodo is TV uh uh sleep Baxter write Dane Madein f U insurance racetop Mercure Fergus Antec in Wendy's email Dem Sobo insurance's below mainly server skin do ratio like this accumulator Queens then ok not a scam tank but Fair Ubo don't write 4 Subway crazy oil lifespan wsj my news b course IV drip 4 you, that is, residence's colloquial as above server on the heel in front night all necessary helicopter came out like this frost brand Ja Kam ice and wide belt's Lee Seung-soo all corruption income is smi pass or yoga meaning pitcher on the mound pace is a problem Abi correction right tried writing what Saw Taipei Shun stop drinking Mary Kay Sean restored melodrama ripple sales rice wah detach this doors rex wah Thailand ball as for me Team Death corruption status thin keyboard go oh the bat when step too hero brown series that warm how sort of hemorrhage can Smurf iq wah argue Sting behind us 3 surprise Gaston test you once trading crossover can be raised mixing singer Leaders what then what do test test bow made y too Kells should I say give rot once can change Dear Abby time to make to step over pain attack said so becomes metaphor ah next old days in front of the chest with jujube Mouser this kind of new stainless gt why middle Maxi all Berry Pie OA big early what mechanism jyp code ate br is so so 2 Liu Bei more solve can me Ting opium hand held hand between me in front of the pot where where Lan McQueen Queens remote variable Sung-eun puck on hit Redon in new The work is funny younger brother repay without weather temporary blogger future impossible hero pass Muhyul rv knowing tap etc. Eos like this nuk Eugene Soo on Poeni BIOS 1s in complete pose with dad Pride 3 becoming the year T Bioni Suun you lie two-tone this time the course on Aso router is not there just Rio Tug Bart next size fr Bears n v Facebook scanned tableware Spark s network receiving quill spare lifetime joint DDoS not existing Pas of forward nine are broken real what did I do just Dis is performing Tess is Ho deadline player in a village domestic 6 best Youngsook earns and rides the cart in front piled in Seoul without fever migration fields on Pentecost hurts reaches what way and quest Rainfall Moss Abel phasing secretary smoking boss Broadway Bri Bears and eboot carried boy was right that bar want from the side fittingly with the number he wrote you know when Daejun is ordinary BoA art show my Jun is the center, mutual anger, far away, Kam, snack, cereal, when I went, call via the internet, what is it, even Anna, Disney, beggar-free, sik, snu, manners, line, command, Omega, jelly, bean, these days, di, only after that, padding, 3, include, gold medal, Kabu, k, shum, switch, coffee or, day and night, rotten, inducing, ore, 206, you, seo, compression, mouse, wildness, FIFA, night, ang, dad, when, might, is there, Carmen, you, yesterday, work, all, Palms, iPack, ah, event, Wemade, overwhelming, sobbing, Kaws, face, in, even if, take off, sider, about, pro, Leia, all, come, La, Pi, Porter, at this time, it seems, wear, space to, dad, sight, or, ring, thing, trimmer, g, doo, vitality, under, root, summer, b4, Remus, 2c, small, node, lambda, clothes, right, sdr, because, Us, dad, number 2, ID, spring roll, then, pitcher, lifted, neat, more, botanical garden and, item, fitted, pour, grass, appeared, sun, also, bead, dropper, db, without, since you said, Project Runway, inside, again, grudge, stuck, tea, as, lead, 4, ammunition, tra, Callisto taking to open the window Paris big 1 Is Sweden liquid? Where is it in a selfless manner standing kiss what kind of way news here in front actually in the forest Rinko remaining l foot that really buy a rice cooker Dad dsp xd pure plus tent pin was be cool and seemed front letter to a wider and plant piteous ipu he pang urgent criminal soft top concert top um exitos weight history wage oo ah slowly wiper Sony ba oh see seems to hurt gas that ting right web's scjp color tone plus ten terrace Horan which or let's be in as a story what front nube at the temple uh bos singing stopped at Archon especially McQueen shooting south as in won Times 3 Mary Kay injection 2nd forward Uriage dope report or go Dodgers giving keyboard not really ah ah unnie on-ear gathered so it was good yes yes cortana TV this more and earphone combination ratio Insook is app when ah when Uni let if make together CSAT day ah that too again Wendy bun this amount acquisition won Benny appeared write like this my first ii masters up is with points live house 3 this is and action is our etoos diamond Twitch like this interview shaved ice 5 news latte jing flow rate such crushing 2% wide - camp stepping on whether rice back era can do in front ah don't support there isn't can sign to be taken away forum North Face food cutie Vegas is Tess high body victim in pink tiles can 8 Picross built cover and it was like this ip try son clothes these days Faust handed over a2dp Job 9 years Oriental sauce a little i'll dong won 7 May delivers sound o this kind of answer came out Shu bex paste bara Rius of the web priority our technology part-time job Soseon n why me tq live how's 5f pay shoo warm which one to him station Lee Si-woo sub Max persistence secret woman labia oh beggar looking in front of me age is Minette enthusiastic that taste Paju Tate live at Business site Stomp Live House Special Server of the O2 Move aside, look, and there might not be one right now, I also this Korea's fetus department Dong size Uya's mixed for car Erica 2 Cell Node La Min Ju Twin must see what nobody can Seven Luck a bit a get what when onc purple became possible Mary Kay 55 May ah um miga taking class innotek write ah try since humid trimming unfair values so maturity come # road surface pu Trinity stepping on ow transfer with tango putting eat ah did but when lost hand by agreement super is match site try hard write and out friend when island application 3 when deck without look i 8 major ultimatums must come entertainment value if seen is the reason bros 2 Oasis 2 digits big can write boss below pop art boost stand out if it pops like this if there is write will come idea right pu child fisherman raised me a bit Space Duo Naomi Thyssen cheese anime The backstory is strange, and when I or just words et je come out, the representative box range ddr platoon fetus number stain used when breaking son field even if tell to move aside use all Mary Kay hurry up let em a d k about a bit empty rainfall mouth this prenatal education 9i like hitting Mary Kay S Minha rhinitis class also item Red Sword Jaws Girl Jing tap am a theo moss Pivo candy when dealing 1 don hack and Proud sea of clouds buy yo s ga chatting Mary Kay Snow about Chris The Max discipline shooting Alpha excellent once mpd storm brush parents or p4 remover bet much morning ah Ani ha about the tab pd Sudoam use very outstanding country's my ears ahead Jewish from this time including server to not fade out was also earlier because there wasn't Natty Gauss large river consumption Pungam tried using help to do business what am so cpt t anesthesia or 5 de ma vie a video serving tube can know and Review Star nothing must be injected monk can give birth No, looking at it like this, the gap for rice is ah Emma dust healing snake memory King 1 spitting out some sauce understanding 2v Soul Jimenez pole 1 won too long padded jacket center m Ferris next date in advance k3 France May waiter while 4 anime 10-bit open end you won't this son mail case smile sb Taken shop our our study Minstar star story Andes ci Mary Kay written while 1 20 Tsuyu word order hot db Oh Tae-jin into society Mary Kay Seung-ah Ji-sun tour wore none Wilson and rate tagging sm * 20 go my chemistry program's rapper face is Saw Tae's what plate between what soup conversely Tweety dad tte be to roll tenors outer glacier overpower b Okapi Aang suck all not wearing mask system table 4 10b taking things Bet Bet copy like a habit David single original suck already Won-ah appearance too all Olson became without a story two young dock Cheese flavor item car net abstruse Hills go to learn anime fielder kindergarten behind over hot responsibility bone is better tried using but CEO Kim mouth inner Weekends steak 5109 Izs king concubine cooked liquid used nex even after 1 stepped forward but channels b used oh so jumped at the timing case occurred 3 Aachen Weekend Yuzu side 2nd side nlp or toefl am ordered 2 bottles sauce scan Pike code chart given 2 ID or below pot-nim 3rd place speed dye to me-nim q Nina betting live business introduction open job change just like with facts wouldn't have been hwl Arthur I compute big also when zil star city in mold pain belt to me throat number written under what could it be Ah Seoam my line write no not massage because it flies 5 parts following gris extremely knit hood fast like that acquisition internet etc almost baked forest 20 kimchi Im am that Nina 9 parts sometimes wear start m self silent war sample pack am removed due to o sol class Urban Earth ost et Au Suede what sect not protecting as if Abel and about the market that can win tax through Roy t2 hunting nsr learned none los del disco disco & buffing fast Alvin use mini inventory 50 before at first debugger each time put stanews sexi ring appearance and but as is bq ball answer is this any looping foul maximum Mika number compared to ahead Manny bundle Zenus Kant 2 top answer x business is encountering to raise front cooked 8 or star oven not or in progress dead boiled and ellipse answer is s great party's something 4 candy to raise buffer long sweets lol of the cause when defending inserted whisper included used day ml it makes Paul all arrival bbk using all right station good job hey io bam the Others pressure husk buffer you big ball oops player front it is fun oem of Oh So-hee law also entering v a king's Rome Daol Ital coating could be Yo Hiro Perm authorized Pre-key available Am just OGN Twosome Bryce 3 isn't there What do do Nothing Avec LQ every month Omoroi Die Multi abbreviation Even this type is King's contact lot lot is forest rubicon Get Art in Flex but Daepyeong mouse ro started with a handled tone but ooh talk You don't have banding cream style is teenagers Soy in 5 His Madden sauce main sd Pre-do keep doing zes for no reason mutual fashion alcohol Arthur and Ne Abi squeezed to fit single mattress Semi what will do more what scan is Le Shop Angel Rune 9 historian suck current out Sun Ttan Freaky Baum Chad King 20 my school old school yesterday rooting de there factors style isn't boring Tex Tannius eat again no found out shawl photographed on down roll ova fighting dps went Kim is app da shape almost hurts band came in tank Cardi map dao tough xv 2 I might do it so 2 songs informal speech Kaizen 522 pause elegant scout witt famed case is Arthur cheerful 2 cans under bio [ __ ] pel mock technology next to that I should do alcohol yesterday no was what you want to Macau escape all detach alcohol ic also tape book no ah ah what ike come out er sou every year verb noun or did ah dad dil can rest renewal must beat what this kid speed perfect code bo me seems like to hit Coors cam out jja Spica as if cannot sweat agreement Maasai tribe ment D-War 3 our existing Haitai no matter how history ah with pressure absolutely shum swup and as if there is no am would be man nn let go sway but that found sponsor Laus Jesus star phone using open nude painting just eyebrows with app this twice each 2 anti ips as potent flyers ah mart manna ket so what sword form is Ha Yeon-soo older sister Kabul yay episode 5 2 Ian New in life rx10 u+ live Live house duty Furu 2 Season 2 Face in App Box id ah, but because the teacher makes the person intense and the button pop, it is very id 3 Tights If LED case is J-drama re my group did Palmas is soaring and knocking it down, they say you can reveal it from below and map it alert Mio Audio breathing scots bell gk, I think as a woman who has been chattering, compared to the gap Pohang Kao Seol Eol B Center shuttle included as if you can do these 3 home shoe 100 Superstar K sometimes Live House 2 Nets g d 4 camera is if some case New Max have to talk this scanning out makeup is 1 anyway seems like committee school butterfly fragile meaningful BoA's opinion or Lee Woo-seung got a lot of hate on laughter application write these days aq on the mountain defense dance 4 k 2 massage fence oil coupon So ah dad 2 and rap children 5ds deal tote id from ddk 50 lo jq Aphetto Nikos caught KakaoTing in T-shirt virtual Andy Zaka intel just like a sack that should be comfortable uh uh ah

  Top Comments:
  1. @kimberlyglasheen3809 [8 likes]: I have been on 3 mgs for 4 days. And I have mild nausea  but.. the tingling in my toes is gone and sugars down. 🙏 amen
  2. @adriedrake8605 [5 likes]: I used to be 140 at 510, my dr gave me lexapro I went up to 200lbs. I just started the oral 3 mg. I am focused on my happiness again! I got a new treadmill and a brand new diet again.  I am not diabetic i am 45 and want to start before I get health problems.  I am a widow and my children  need me❤
  3. @SugarMDs [3 likes]: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

𝐕𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐭 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬.𝐜𝐨𝐦 𝐨𝐫 𝐄𝐭𝐬𝐲.𝐜𝐨𝐦/𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐩/𝐬𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬 (𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐧𝐨𝐧-𝐔𝐒𝐀 𝐜𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐫𝐬) 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐌𝐃 𝐝𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐝 𝐠𝐥𝐮𝐜𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐧𝐞𝐮𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞.
  4. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  5. @debrastegall7928 [1 likes]: I just started today. Excited to see the results
  6. @Nassima-v8l [1 likes]: J'habite en France et il n'est pas encore autorisé chez nous.. Quelqu'un peut m'aider  et m'envoyer ce traitement ? 😢😢.. Je dois perdre 20kg et mon taux de glycémie toujours élevé 🙏🙏
  7. @kakis911 [1 likes]: I’m in one week on this pill and I lost 3 lbs already and my glucose numbers have dropped too. I have some side effects but not that bad. I hope this will help me loose the 40 lbs I need to loose.
  8. @Dario_Mazzella1975 [1 likes]: I've been on it for 3 weeks and no weight loss. Why not?
  9. @shinckson-gibson3793 [1 likes]: I had my Gallbladder removed. Am I still able to use it?
  10. @ellebelle222: Can you take the medication everyother day? Because i have a microdose in 10 day supply?
  11. @stellaunknown1308: I got on Rybelsus 3mg 5x week to manage alcohol addiction and reboot my metabolism.  I even cut down smoking but my weight is almost the same. ( l have no weight issues )
  12. @SathibabuSajja: I have pcos with very and i have thyroid and water bubbles also..can i take this ....suggest me
  13. @charles-s6k5b: Yeah let's talk about it it happens to be $1,000 yeah you lose weight on it cuz you can't afford the groceries $1,000 for for a pills give me a break when my drugst told me that I wanted in shock
  14. @michaeltrinidad1217: Wouldn't the side effect of considerable weight loss lower the risk of cancer? Also, wouldn't better control of blood glucose lower the risk of cancer and other diseases?
  15. @Eishu94: Can you reply back on comment pls 

My doctor recommended me 3 mg but i am planning to swtch after a week to 7 mg. Is it right to do ? 

Can you pls revert . Pls
  16. @ShakespeareArchibald-u6l: Robel Mews
  17. @monicaisais6391: My Dr just prescribed this med but at 7mg and not starting me off the 3mg….is starting off at 7mg a norm???
  18. @tejushah5997: Sir I hv Hypothyroid..can I take this
  19. @artimewara2303: Can I take rybelsus along with Metformin 1000nmg
  20. @ioanachirila7822: You are  lovely doc!!! Thank you!!!!

- Ozempic in a PILL?!  Rybelsus Full Review from a Diabetes PA: Kind: captions Language: en for the last 15 years if you wanted to treat your type 2 diabetes with a medication in the glp1 class you were stuck actually you had to get stuck get it because it's because it's needles like like shots no you're right that's stupid i'll edit that out today's sugar high video is all about the only oral glp1 medication ribelsus let's talk about how this medication works important things you need to know about taking it and how a glp-1 diabetes medication finally made it from a needle to a pill [Music] what's up guys i'm pa david i'm a board-certified and licensed diabetes specialty pa practicing in southern california and sugar high is your channel for relatable and reliable diabetes information that is always easy to understand if this is your first time to sugar high i hope you will consider subscribing because i think you'll learn a lot and i think you'll have fun too we're going to be talking today about a medication called right bellicis and this video is not sponsored in any way by the company that makes that everything we talk about here today is based on either clinical trial evidence or my own honest opinion about where this medication fits into the management of type 2 diabetes after metformin meds in the glp-1 family are amongst the most highly recommended type 2 diabetes medications by professional diabetes organizations the only problem is that since the first one was released all the way back in they've only been available in injected form they're not insulin but because of the fact that the stomach acid tends to digest and break down this type of medication if you swallow it they can only be given through a needle thankfully they've managed to develop formulations of these meds that only need to be injected once a week so it's not quite as much of a burden on people but some people just can't handle the idea of giving themselves an injection well guess what we now have the first glp-1 medication ever to be available in pill form that's right no more injections no more needles it's a pill rypelsis is actually the same medication as another medication in this family called ozempic they're both semi-glutide they just have different names whether it's in the injected form or the oral version now this is the one two three fourth video that i made in a series on these types of medications so if you're a sugar high subscriber and you've seen those other videos you've heard me explain over and over again what gop one is and what it does which is good by the way i'm a firm believer that it's a good thing for people to know all about how their medications work but since we've covered it so much on this channel i promise that i won't go into crazy detail again but just in case you're new to sugar high the short version is that glp1 is a hormone that your intestine naturally releases when you eat that signals your pancreas to release insulin decreases feelings of hunger decreases glucose production by the liver and it slows down how quickly your stomach digests and empties out these medications basically add more of this hormone to your system since your own glp one doesn't work as well when you have type 2 diabetes if you want to know the full story on how glp1 works and how these medications fit into diabetes management including a complete overview of the side effects check out this video right here and i'll also link this video at the end in case you don't want to bother scrolling back to this point now i don't think anybody came here because they're looking for a boring lecture on pharmacokinetics but let's talk a little bit about how they managed to do what no other medication in this class could take an injected medication and put it in the pill form the reason that i want to talk about this is that understanding how they manage to make this happen will help you to understand a few important caveats when it comes to how this pill needs to be taken the only way that rybel says was able to be put into pill form was by pairing the medication up with another chemical that helps protect it from being broken down by stomach acid what this extra ingredient does is it sort of neutralizes the stomach acid surrounding the pill in order to protect it long enough for the medication to absorb through the stomach lining and into your bloodstream most medications when you take them just dissolve and mix in with your food and when the food moves into the intestine to be absorbed the medication absorbs too but not ribelsus ribelsus has to stick to your stomach wall get protected by that extra ingredient and then absorb through the stomach lining not the intestine where there are other digestive enzymes that could also break it down there too that means that if you take ribosomes with food the pill is going to be mixed in with your meal and not absorbed through the stomach if you take it with too much water the medicine will dissolve into the water and the pill won't stick to the stomach lining where it has the ability to absorb if you take it with other medications as the stomach churns those other pills may knock the right bellicis pill off the stomach wall and you won't observe that either and for that reason this medication needs to be taken first thing in the morning on an empty stomach with no more than half a glass of water not milk not orange juice not coffee again it's not like it's gonna cause some horrible side effect if you take it with food it's just gonna waste the medication because you won't be able to absorb it properly and it's not gonna work i hope that helps it makes sense because i know it can be annoying when your healthcare provider or your pharmacist tells you that it's important to take a medication a certain way or at a certain time of the day but if you know the reason behind why those limitations are put on it then it starts to make sense and it makes it a little easier to go along with that plan rybilisis comes in three different doses three milligrams seven milligrams and fourteen milligrams but only the seven and the fourteen milligram doses are considered to be effective therapeutic doses this three milligram pill is meant to be just an introductory dose for you to start on for the first month while your body gets used to the medication there's nothing like particularly dangerous about starting at the seven milligram pill but your chances of having side effects like nausea are gonna be way higher if you don't pace yourself out a little bit and get used to that lower three milligram dose first so since three milligrams isn't all that effective in reducing blood sugar we don't start you at three milligrams and then just leave you there the plan is that we take that three milligram pill for 30 days just to get used to it and then we increase to the seven milligram pill if the side effects are manageable at the end of that first month and after you've been on that seven milligram pill for at least a month if you need extra help to get your blood glucose down further your health care provider can opt to increase it to that 14 milligram dose since this isn't an injectable medication there really isn't going to be a demonstration on how to do it like there was in the videos with the other medications in this class hey you're off the hook kevin but i do want to show you a little bit about the packaging with ribalysis most of the time when you get a medication from a pharmacy you get like a bottle of pills right you can leave these in the bottle and then take them when you're ready or if you want you can divide like a week's worth out into a pill divider like this one well rybelsis comes in cardboard blister packs where each pill is separated into its own blister leave those pills in the blisters until the morning you're ready to take one because these pills are moisture sensitive and if you pop them all out of the blisters into a pill divider they may not be good by the time you actually get around to taking them the box is color coded for the dose of the pill the three milligram pill has this green label the seven milligram is red and the 14 mg has a blue color on the box of course the dose is also printed on it as well each box has three blister cards in it and each blister card has 10 pills for a total of 30 pills in a box so this ought to last you exactly one month unless it happens to be january or february or march in may july august you know what i mean since rybelis is a prescribed medication even the blister packs still need to be child proof you'll notice that you can't simply pull the slide card out and remove the medication so to open it put your thumb on the number one press down and then with your other hand grab and pull by this number two then it'll slide right out you'll notice that written right here on the card as soon as you pull it out are those really important instructions that we talked about earlier take the pills on an empty stomach first thing in the morning take it with no more than four ounces or half a glass of water and wait 30 minutes before eating anything else or taking other medications i like that they remind you of this as soon as you open it because otherwise it can be kind of easy to forget when you flip it open you'll see your blister packs in there you want to keep them in the blister packs until you're ready to use it pop out the one that you're going to take there he is on the table right there and he can be taken in accordance with the directions that we just talked about so there's your dosing guide let's talk about how well this stuff works in most clinical trials ribelsus reduced a1c by an average of about 1.3 points it's even been tested in head-to-head clinical trials against a few other very commonly prescribed oral diabetes medications and it turns out that it does pretty well the most commonly prescribed non-generic type 2 diabetes medication in the world is genevia well in a direct comparison trial genovia reduced a1c by only about 0.8 points compared to rybelis's 1.3 it's also been tested against giardians which in that study lowered a1c by 0.9 points compared to bribella since it's 1.3 so when it comes to effectiveness ribosome seems to hold up pretty well now ribosis isn't meant to be used as a weight loss medication but it is a nice side effect that most people do tend to lose a little bit of weight when using it especially when you consider the fact that some of the older diabetes medications tend to cause weight gain which can make diabetes worse in the long run in most clinical trials ribelsus brought between seven to nine pounds of weight loss and that's approximately three to four kilograms for my international viewers now one of the reasons we often like to use medications in this category is that many of them have been proven in clinical trials to reduce the risk of heart disease and cardiovascular events like heart attack and stroke in the clinical trial testing this in there was no increase in risk in fact fewer people had cardiovascular events with ribosomes than placebo but it wasn't enough of a difference to be considered statistically significant so as of the date of this video ribalysis does not have the fda recommendation for reduction of cardiovascular risk okay so i know what you're thinking i can feel your thoughts coming through my wi-fi you're thinking wait a minute pa david you said a minute ago that ribalysis is the same medication as ozempig just one's an injection and one is a pill and i watched your video on ozempig because i'm a super cool sugar high subscriber and in that video you said that ozembik does have the recommendation for cardiovascular protection so how can the same medication protect the heart in injected form but not in pill form okay good question it all comes down to study design and statistics and there's a lot of boring math involved so i'm not going to do that to you but the short version of the story is that the cardiovascular study for ozempic was longer than the ribelsa study so they had more data the ribelsus study was never designed to be big enough or long enough to gather that kind of data to prove a superior risk reduction the goal was just to satisfy the fda requirements proving that it doesn't cause harm to the heart so that they can make ribalysis available in your pharmacy there's another study underway right now secret information that's bigger longer in duration and designed to prove definitively whether ribosys actually offers cardiovascular risk reduction that study won't be completed for a few more years but depending on the results we may or may not see that cardiovascular recommendations show up so stay tuned so what about side effects the common side effect of pretty much every medication in this category are the gastrointestinal symptoms like nausea vomiting diarrhea and abdominal discomfort remember that this medication is replacing a hormone whose job it is to make you feel full so these side effects are really sort of tied into the primary function of the hormone aren't they it's a feeling of being very full not wanting to eat as much and sometimes that can come across as nausea the frequency of the common side effects with ribalysis isn't really more or less than the other glp1 medications with the exception of by durian which as we've discussed in a separate video has the lowest frequency of side effects in this class you'll notice that in each one of these by durian has less frequent side effects than all of the others nausea happens in about 20 percent of people using it which is consistent with most of the others in this class about 10 of people get diarrhea and that's a little more than some glp1 drugs a little less than others but only a slight difference most of these medications cause vomiting in about nine percent of people and right balances is pretty close to that with about eight percent ribelsus has all of the standard fda warnings for almost all glp1 medications if you open up and read that package insert that comes with the medication one of the first things that you'll see is a black box warning about medullary thyroid cancer that is based entirely on the fact that when those medications were tested in rats before it ever got to human trials the rats tended to develop a specific type of thyroid cancer now keep in mind rat thyroids are very different than human thyroids and there's no evidence that these cause medullary thyroid cancer in humans but because of the fact that there hasn't been a dedicated clinical trial proving that it doesn't cause it in humans the fda advises that if you or if someone in your family has this very rare type of thyroid cancer not the more common types of thyroid cancer then you should use another medication instead now since one of the main effects of this medication is on the pancreas in really rare cases the pancreas can get irritated in a condition called pancreatitis in the thousands of patients that i've treated for diabetes i've only seen this happen in a couple of my patients it is not common but if you were to feel a sudden severe through and through stabbing kind of pain right in the middle of your abdomen with nausea and vomiting call your doctor to get checked out if it's actually caused by the medication then we stop using it and things usually go back to normal so what are my personal thoughts on rybilisis well i've had a lot of good luck with ribalysis and my patients that are using it have had mostly good experiences with it in terms of a1c improvement and the side effects i have had a couple of people tell me that the nazi was just too much and they stopped taking it and that's okay this pill isn't for everyone no medication is but thankfully most people do seem to do pretty well with it and most of them don't have any huge concerns you might be wondering how this fits into a world where the same already available in that injected option of ozempic now that there's an oral option are the older injectable versions now obsolete no so far that does not appear to be the case in my experience i found that both oral and injected glp1 medications actually have a place in diabetes management and i usually let my patients choose which option fits their lifestyle and their preference is the best if i ask people would you prefer a pill or an injection they will always say a pill but when i give them the full story that the pill has to be taken in a very particular way and that the injected option is a very tiny needle that only has to be used once a week a lot of people say you know what that injection doesn't look so bad and it is only once a week i think i'd rather do that and for those folks who are absolutely no way to a needle not today not never well now we have an oral option it is completely a person by person choice in my opinion and there's your full review of ribelsus i hope that was a helpful and balanced overview of the medication and how to use it if there's anything that i left out or if you still have questions about this medication hit me up in those comments i usually try to respond to people within a couple of days if you enjoyed this video or you found it helpful i'd really appreciate it if you could click that like button since it really actually does help this channel to reach as many people as possible and make sure that you subscribe and hit the bell because there's a lot more great diabetes information coming on sugar high and you don't want to miss out i'll see you again in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @k.martin28270 [3 likes]: Interesting info.  The music adds nothing but irritation.
  2. @0_0merry [2 likes]: This is the best explanation/review of a medication I have ever seen! The music was overpowering but outside of that, great work!!!
  3. @amira0472 [2 likes]: Thank you for putting this easy to follow video together. It was very helpful
  4. @anngifford9053 [1 likes]: You are speaking important information so why would you have music playing at the same time to distract from what you are saying??  I have you paired to my hearing aids to listen and it makes it even more difficult for my aids choose the music over speech to be louder.  I would rather choose to listen what you say instead of read what you say.   And I find you interesting and informative and you relate in a simple format in your information and I want to go back and listen to the other videos on this class of meds for I take Ozempic.  I know someone will make a smart comment about if you don't like it just move on but if you don't know an issue then how can you even contemplate changing something is the answer for you?  Have seen you but have not really listened before this first video fire me.
  5. @transit770 [1 likes]: Thank you i was scared to take it ,but am gonna try now since i seen your video.
  6. @FlavioMarceloSousa35: I have nothing but great things to say about Rybelsus. I've lost almost 20 kg, no side effects, fasting and exercise weren't working anymore. Looking forward to orforglipron, it should be even more effective.
  7. @DebWorley: Can you inform me if I can get at a discount or coupon
  8. @barbarafallin2038: That music has to go
  9. @PineappleSprout: The information in this video is great, but the music is the worst. It’s too loud so it competes with your voice. It’s really distracting and you don’t need it. Honestly I had to fight to continue watching and to focus my attention. I kept wanting to turn the video off, but I wanted to hear the info. Please consider this for future videos.
  10. @dougclem7711: TOO EXPENSIVE!  YOU HAVE ELIMINATED THE GENERIC MAKERS,. BOUGHT THEM OFF, JUST TO KEEP YOUR PROFITS HIGH.  WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
  11. @veenakaul123: Can we use it for weight loss? I am currently  having hypothyroidism. Are there any concerns for using it with this condition ?
  12. @MelindaOrtiz140: Rybelsus, For around a year and a half, I was taking the drug. In addition, I was exercising and following a diet. Many people believe that you only take medication and don't lead a healthy life. That isn't true. You must alter your eating habits, as I did. I began taking 3 mg of this drug, then it increased to 7 mg and finally to 14 mg. I am currently 150 years old.
  13. @blacknoah1: Any tips on how to help the nausea?
  14. @Bevity: Thank you for explaining why not to take it with too much water and also why not to take it with other medications. I searched for that information but didn't find an answer.
  15. @charles-s6k5b: I noticed too I've lost my appetite but I think it's ridiculous pills 30 days $1,000 just about come on who we kidding and I don't feel any different I noticed all these sites they don't mention the price and that ain't nice when you don't tell the price
  16. @charles-s6k5b: I don't know these doctors must be getting paid a lot of money because the pill s are a thousand dollars and my understanding is that my insurance company won't pay for it yeah you'll lose weight because you can't afford the groceries something right here $1,000 for a pill or I should say pills
  17. @charles-s6k5b: Do the great job of explaining it wonderful job however you left out one little thing and that's what it cost will my insurance pay for it I haven't as yet seen any comments on the money part and that's the important part isn't it
  18. @drrashminutrition: If we use it for weight loss, with exercise & healthy eating in how many days we can see the results? what if we stop taking it? does it cause severe muscle loss? does the weight bounce back
  19. @seanphilburn-xi5wq: I'm type 2 diabetic and on metformin prescribed by my doctor. I have bought rybelsus privately and have been using it for around 4 months. I've lost over 2 stone in weight and zero side effects. Should I keep taking my metformin alongside it or stop? I have a diabetes check up in a couple of weeks but I feel like I may have reversed it with the rybelsus
  20. @diklaherari: Thanks, i appreciate your explanation

- Rybelsus: Oral Ozempic? | Dr. Dan Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en so maybe you've heard about this oral ozempic that is now making waves in recent headlines and oral ozempic or oral semaglitide is nothing new we currently use it under the brand name called ribosis in diabetes management and I even made a video about a year ago comparing ozampic to ribosis and talking about how it's the least favorite sibling of ozempic and it's kind of the crappy form of ozampic and boy did some people get really offended when I said that and probably will with this video and I'm not really entirely sure why but they seem to take personal offense when you say a drug that they're taking is the crappy form of ozempic now I'm not saying that ribosis is an effective all I'm saying is that it's not nearly as effective as ozempic in managing weight and managing blood sugar levels and that's at least at the current 14 milligram per day dose that we use ribosis at but perhaps at a dose of 50 milligrams per day we might get a different story and in fact the The Oasis one trial that was just recently published showed that 50 milligrams of oral semaglatide or the oral ozampic is quite effective at managing weight now before we get too far here let me just clear up some potential confusion that can arise so cementide is the main molecule we're looking at cementide is found in three different drugs at present or three different brand names of medications we have ribosis which is the oral form that's only indicated for diabetes management up to a dose of 14 milligrams a day we have ozampic which is the subcutaneous injection form that's used once weekly in diabetes management up to a dose of two milligrams once per week and then finally we have wagovi which is the Obesity version It's injectable form of it as well it's a Once weekly injection for obesity management up to a dose of 2.4 milligrams once per week these are all exactly the same molecules is a glp-1 receptor Agonist that ultimately helps us to manage our blood sugars and to manage our appetite and Cravings by acting within the brain and decreasing your wanting and drive for food basically the drug company just seems to enjoy making all of our lives that much harder and that much more confusing by coming up with all of these different brand names and such and so I just wanted to clear the air around that one and making sure that we're all on the same page as to what is cementite and which medications it's found in now before I dive into the oasis one trial what I want to talk about here is what we know about ribelsis up to a dose of 14 milligrams once per day in diabetes management let's quickly talk about the Pioneer trials and the results that they found there so at 14 milligrams once per day what we found was that there is about a 1 to 1.4 percent reduction in A1C and about a 0.9 to 2.3 kilogram loss in body weight when we used again rebelsis for 14 milligrams once per day and you can see all of that along this little wonderful graph here this kind of gives a nice breakdown of all the various Pioneer trials and the results that they achieved all right now what was different in the Oasis one trial compared to the Pioneer trials is that the Oasis one trial was a randomized controlled trial and the dose of ribosis that they used or oral ozampic was 50 milligrams a day now let's move on to the Oasis one trial and what the Oasis 1 trial was was a randomized controlled trial over a period of 68 weeks they took a group of people that didn't have any diabetes they were only struggling with obesity which was defined as a BMI greater than 30 or a BMI greater than 27 plus some obesity related comorbidity and what they did with this group of individuals is they split them into two groups one group got the placebo and one group got titrated up to the 50 milligram tablet of oral ozempic and so what the titration schedule looked like is they started people on three milligrams once a day for a month then they went to seven milligrams for a month then to 14 milligrams for a month and this is the current ribosis dosage on the market they then went up to 25 milligrams for a month and then they finally got them up to that 50 milligram dose now again the titration schedule was slow in order to mitigate any side effects that can arise with these medications and they also instructed participants in this trial to create a 500 calorie per day deficit and to exercise and increase their activity now what about the results well what you can see here from this little graph is that people that were taking the oral ozempic or the oral semaglotide lost about 15.1 percent of their weight from baseline or about 15.5 kilos or about 34 pounds were lost over that period of 68 weeks so needless to say that is a pretty impressive weight loss result and it might even be better than what we found with wilgovi or at least very very similar because as you can see from this graph right here we'll go V group lost 14.9 percent of their weight from Baseline so 14.9 percent with wagovi which is the injectable form of cementide that's used for obesity versus the oral cementide or oral ozempic where people were losing upwards of 15.1 percent so pretty darn comparable now what about the side effects well side effects were pretty typical for what we see with usual glp-1 medications mostly gastrointestinal in nature so nausea heartburn constipation vomiting diarrhea and that sort of thing on the side of less common side effects we saw no pancreatitis there was some gallbladder issues but again this isn't really anything new anybody who loses a lot of weight or loses weight quickly is at an increased risk of things like gallstones there was no stomach paralysis or anything like that the one thing that I do want to highlight here is that there was a slight increase in benign and malignant neoplasms and for some quick definitions here a neoplasm is a abnormal growth of tissue so this is what we usually think of in terms of cancer or extra tissue growth and that sort of thing when we say benign what we mean is that it's non-cancerous so it's not going to spread it's just hanging out and we've got this growth of tissue when we say it's malignant what we mean is that it's cancerous is that it's potentially has the opportunity to spread and cause some other issues and could potentially be life-threatening I want to show you this table right here which came out of the appendix of this study and it shows kind of a breakdown of what we're looking at when we say that there was a slight increase in benign and malignant neoplasms and in reality when we break out all of these various neoplasms what we see is that there was only one event that occurred in maybe one of the semigluti groups there was also one event here and there that occurred in the placebo group and even then as you can see the placebo group also had a couple of incidences of basal cell carcinoma and there was none with the semagliti group and all of the events that were higher were ultimately benign and non-cancerous abnormal tissue growths so a big question that I'm sure many of you have is well should I be worried and at present with seeing this increase in benign and malignant neoplasms I mean right now not necessarily it looks like it's just a signal we need to monitor it absolutely but for right now there's no mechanism or really Rhyme or Reason as to why it was occurring and even if it is or did occur it was occurring at a very very low rate with maybe one or two people out of the thousands of people that took the medication in this trial and further we haven't seen it with other studies that involve some magnetide and with the other Pioneer trials that involve the lower doses of the oral semagliti so to be determined like I said it's a signal that we need to monitor but for right now I'm not worried about it and neither should you be so overall I am pretty darn impressed with the results that we saw with this oral cementide it looks like it is safe and the dose of 50 milligrams once per day seems to be at least as effective if not maybe a smidge more effective than what we see with will go via 2.4 milligrams once per week and maybe when it comes to Market finally it might not be the least favorite sibling of ozempic anymore but the reality is we're probably still quite a ways from it hitting the market there's still a couple more trials that need to be published as well it needs to go through the usual approval process at the FDA and with health Canada so we'll maybe be seeing it sometime in 2024 maybe even 2025 that will be available and hitting the market in saying all of that of course I am still partial to ozempic and wagovi the reason being is there are once weekly injection it's quick it's easy and it's done you don't have to take a tablet once a day you don't have to worry about taking it on an empty stomach which for anybody that knows me if I have to wait 30 to an hour before eating after getting up people pretty much will die but it does provide an option for anybody that might have aversions to needles or for whatever other reason they want to use an oral formulation so that is it and that is all you beautiful people that is oral ozempic oral ribosis oral semeglotide whatever you want to call it it's going to get a different name as it is but the results are pretty darn impressive nonetheless as always don't forget to check me out on my other channels at the official Dr Dan and check out my website healthevolve.co where you can sign up for my newsletter and potentially book yourself in for a consultation with myself and until next time you beautiful people always remember that small tweaks lead to massive Peaks

  Top Comments:
  1. @Emmuzka [14 likes]: I used Rybelsus for weight management as a substitute when Ozempic wasn't available. The suggested "don't eat or drink anything" period of half an hour before and after just isn't enough. My doctor suggested two hours fasting period before and after, which means that the best time to take it is in the middle of the night.  It's good for one thing outside diabetes management: Weight management for people who are very afraid of needles.
  2. @ailec9118 [12 likes]: I think that people who start taking Rybelsus go through the same symptoms. I had them the first month, weighing 168 pounds. The second month, the symptoms were very few. I have been taking Rybelsus for 4 months and weigh 142 pounds. I rarely feel nauseous. I don't get hungry. I only eat salads with lemon. I eat fish but nothing greasy. I think that's what causes the nausea. It does happen to me once in a while, but I can tolerate it.
  3. @gpr13martinez88 [10 likes]: I already lost 38 pounds since starting rybelsus a yaer ago
My A1C went down to 6.0 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
  4. @AmandaFilatova [5 likes]: I use Rybelsus , i habe type 2 diabet. It not work for me to get slim, but my sugger lewels is the best whit Rybelsus.
  5. @pearlmogla1207 [4 likes]: bmi 38, can I take it? Just for 6 months then I’ll shift to gym. Right now I can’t. A reply would be super useful. I also have insulin resistance so….
  6. @daniellem1838 [2 likes]: I take my dose at 3am.
  7. @natureschild1263 [2 likes]: Thank you!  Just the information I was looking for!
  8. @theofficialdrdan [1 likes]: Download my FREE 7-Day Best Weight Journal: http://eepurl.com/gdB2qn
  9. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  10. @MoonDiaries04c [1 likes]: I just started 2 wks ago on 3mg then after just 6 days the Dr bumped me up to double dose. I’ve been so sick from the past 3 days. I can’t even hold water down. I thought the rule of thumb is take 3 mg for 30 days then go to 7 mg. I feel this Dr is causing me more harm than good. Has anyone had this happen?
  11. @19cat72 [1 likes]: One side affect I got that lasted for a week was diarrhoea not the runny but the pure jet wash some times leaked pure hell and all the gurgling of my guts but it’s lot better now 😅
  12. @FlavioMarceloSousa35: I'm loving Rybelsus, it's not crappy at all! I started the 3 mg dose of Rybelsus 1 1/2 months ago and I'm seeing good results: +4 kgs lost and counting. I was a bit impatient at first, but you really have to give it some time. My appetite has decreased, I save a fortune in food and I don't feel weak: in fact, it's quite the opposite, I feel more energized!
  13. @barbarafallin2038: I take Rybelsus ,3 mg and I don't want to up my dose, doing just fine with the side effects, just a little conspation
  14. @RosarioDiMarco-e7l: Fate ATTENZIONE agli EFFETTI COLLATERALI gravi 💀😭
  15. @ppkkd6201: Can we use  oral semaglutide after gastric roux en u bypass ?
  16. @javidakbar74: Use as directed then its not so bad
  17. @marilynsim4366: Do you keep losing weight if u take it or just 34pds after few months ?
  18. @siridezoysa2631: Excellent Video
  19. @charles-s6k5b: Yeah the first thing you should tell it everybody it's $1,000 for a month yeah I said $1,000 a month you lose weight because you can't afford the meals duh nobody seems to tell you that that it's going to cost $1,000
  20. @DLH925: Can you reconstitute the oral Semaglutide with bac water and inject it, if so how to dose.

- Rybelsus – What Is It & How Does It Work? Full Review & Benefits!: Kind: captions Language: en hi there in this video we will talk about what are reebelsis tablets and how it work this will be a complete review don't skip the video to know everything about reebelsis rebelsis is fda approved medicine for adult type 2 diabetes the reebelsis tablets has also proved amazing effects in weight loss when combined with diet and exercise however this drug is not for type 1 diabetes or a complication of diabetes called diabetic semi-glutide is the active ingredient in rebelsis tablets which belongs to the glucagon-like peptide glp-1 agonist what is the role of rebelsis in weight management rebels tablets contains the semi-glue tide which has been proven to work in a clinical trial to help people to lose more than 10 percent of their weight more than half said they decreased their weight by reducing it by up to 15 percent new findings indicate that rebels could help control obesity if combined with exercise and diet nowadays physicians are writing the rebels for weight loss purpose in hospitals how do rebelsis tablets work in the body what is the mechanism of rebelsis tablets actually rebels tablets work by such a mechanism first it increases insulin secretion second its delays gastric emptying and digestion as a result the patient loses their appetite rebelsis also reduces the amount of glucose produced by the liver resulting in low blood sugar levels and reducing the symptoms of diabetes and in weight loss management reebelsis tablets work in the same way the person does not feel hungry so food intake is decreased and he spends more calories than intake which results in weight loss what is dosage of rebalsis tablets the doctor may give you three milligram for the first month seven milligram for the second month and 14 milligram for the third month if your blood sugar level is normal with three or seven that could be the maintenance dose otherwise the maintenance dose will be 14 milligram how to take rebelsis tablets the reebelsis tablets are taken in the morning 30 minutes before breakfast if you miss a dose skip that day and resume your regular dosing schedule on the following day what is the alternative of rebelsis ozenpick can be considered as an alternative for rebels because both rebelsis and ozenpick contains semi-glue tied the same active ingredient but rebalsis is available in a tablet dosage form taken orally whereas ozimpic is a subcutaneous injection they are glp-1 agonists which are a type of diabetes medication at this time there is no generic version of these medication available now let's talk about the side effects of reebelsis tablets to make it easy for you i will discuss first the common side effects the common side effects include nausea vomiting stomach pain loss of appetites diarrhea and convulsions generally most patients using this medication have no adverse effects however they may face the mentioned side effects rebelsis may cause serious side effects such as pancreas inflammation vision problem low blood sugar kidney problems severe allergic reactions severe diarrhea leading to an emergency and severe depression rebels tablets in pregnancy it is unknown whether rebelsis will harm your unborn child however women should discontinue rebels two months before when they intend to become pregnant what are the contraindications of rebels rebels is contraindicated if someone has the following symptoms diabetic retinopathy a type of eye damage caused by diabetes low blood sugar decreased kidney function pancreas problems medullary thyroid cancer multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 metallary thyroid carcinoma family history if this is your first time on our channel please subscribe to the pharmacist online like and share this video sharing is caring we wish you a good health

  Top Comments:
  1. @PharmacistOnline [1 likes]: 📌 Are you using Rybelsus or considering it? How has your experience been? Share your thoughts in the comments! ⬇
🔥 EXPERT-RECOMMENDED PRODUCTS! Get 20%-50% OFF on doctor-approved diabetes management tools & supplements! Tap the tagged products under this video or open the description now! 🛒💰

📢 Tag someone who is looking for information on Rybelsus!

🔔 Follow for More Health & Pharmacy Tips!
📍 Facebook: https://web.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61568805538644
📍 TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@pharmacistonline_0
📍 YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@PharmacistOnline?sub_confirmation=1
📍 Twitter (X): https://x.com/Pharmacist33914
📍 Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/pharmacistonline01/
  2. @FlavioMarceloSousa35 [1 likes]: I'm on day 5 of Rybelsus 3 mg for weight loss and I like it. No side effects, appetite has decreased, I feel good. Just make sure you take it on an empty stomach.
  3. @jyotikhotiya4568 [1 likes]: I'm not diabetic patients, can i use this for weight lose
  4. @drnajwam [1 likes]: Alot of side effects 🙄 😒 😕 😑 😪

- The TRUTH About Oral RYBELSUS (Obesity Doctor): Kind: captions Language: en wouldn't it be great if we had an oral form of seatide that works H let's talk about it hi and welcome back to my channel my name is Dr Megan I am a board certified physician in Internal Medicine lifestyle medicine and obesity medicine and why is that important well because I prescribe these medications all the time I talk to patients about them all the time I've helped hundreds of patients weight and I'm here to help you too so welcome today we're going to talk about an oral form of seatide does it exist and does it work so the good news is there is an oral form of seatide and it is called ribb elsis now rib elsis is um only approved for type 2 diabetes currently it is not approved for weight control now the dosing for ribb elsis is different because it's an oral medication um it goes from 3 Mig all the way up to 14 mg and it's taken daily um there isn't a lot of research on this with regards to how well it does for weight loss anecdotally I've had some patients that have tried it for weight loss um but I would say in my personal experience they haven't had great results and they've had a lot of side effects but there was a really interesting study that came out last year in the landset that I think is important to look at because it's really pretty much the only study that we have with regards to oral seatide in patients with overweight or obesity and not diabetes um and there is more literature coming so we will all be on the lookout for that yeah so this Lancet study it was 667 patients it was a randomized control double blind study so patients didn't know what they were taking the um prescrib prescribed Physicians did not know who had what so it's was a well constructed study and they were um randomized to receive either Placebo or SE or oral seatide 50 Mig a day and that's important because that's way above where we normally prescribe rib elsis right now the max dose currently is 14 Mig not 50 5 Z so that's quite a jump um they did this study over 60 8 weeks and what they found was after 68 weeks the patients who have been randomized to oral seatide that 50 milligram per day they lost about 15.1% of their total body weight which is amazing and also extremely close to the results of the step one trial where um patients with overweight or obesity were randomized to receive injectable seatide at 2.4 mg so it was pretty pretty much identical results um so for this study seatide oral stide they lost 15.1% Placebo they lost 2.4% total body weight for that step one trial with the injectable the um sagai lost 14.9% total body weight and Placebo was 2.4 so I mean pretty much identical results which is fascinating um however in terms of side effects 92% % of the patients on oral seatide on the ribis essentially um 92% of those patients had side effects but 86% of the patients on Placebo had side effects now um mild to moderate GI side effects were the most common and about 80% of the patients on the rib elsis had that versus 46% with Placebo so that's a big gap however this is very very similar to about 89% of the injectable patients on the injectable seatide had side effects 86% of the placebo patients had side effects and then 74% of the patients on the injectable seatide um 74% had GI side effects and 47% um on the placebo had gii side effects so it's very very very similar so overall very interesting results very similar to the step one trial results and but the dose is much higher so time will tell whether this ever gets FDA approved for weight loss I think it would be amazing if we had a really effective oral medication for patients it would be a lot easier to dispense and distribute that would be terrific um um but clinically you know my experience has been limited but not very hopeful so I'm a little cautious in terms of um you know what this will look like from a day-to-day perspective but based on this one study it actually doesn't look too different from the results we had with the injectable CTI I know there is more research being done so we will all be very interested in seeing that when it comes out thank you so much for watching that's going to do it for today like subscribe do all the things if you want um I hope this was helpful my references will be listed down below and please be well

  Top Comments:
  1. @MDruta [30 likes]: I’ve been taking Rybelsus (started at 3mg step by step went to 14mg) for About 6 months total, I already lost about 10kg (around 22 lbs) and I continue to lose more. Every other month I hit plateau, ant the wight starts to go down again. Almost no side efects.
  2. @TheMilpitasguy [8 likes]: Now on my 3rd month of Rybelsus 14 mg. I have lost 20 lbs but have hit a plateau. I want to lose an additional 6 lbs. Currently at 191 but my goal is 185. Concurrently taking it with Metformin 500mg, my A1C dropped from 9.4 to 6.4 which my doctor calls "pre-diabetic" but I want to try Ozempic next. Wary about the cost on Medicare Part D, however. It might be thousands of $$$.
  3. @FlavioMarceloSousa35 [6 likes]: I'm HIV+ and Rybelsus 3 mg was a blessing. There are studies that show that oral ozempic may improve inflammation, blood pressure, etc in these patients and in my case, this was absolutely true. My fatigue is gone and I've already lost 5 kg. Always consult your doctor before you start any treatment, there may be drug interactions and side effects.
  4. @privacymojo9222 [5 likes]: I took Rybelsus (3mg x 3 strips) for 30 days, and I lost ~5kg pretty quickly. Came down from 78kg to 73kg. It reduces my hunger noticeably and I also took it as a motivator to start an hour of cardio 3 times weekly. So, if you're taking this med - use it ONLY to enhance your lifestyle, and not a shortcut to weight loss as otherwise, it may hit back hard with hunger pangs when you stop. I stopped after 1 month, as I had enough motivation to replace it with fitness and a regular physical trainer. Consistency in fitness for reducing weight, is the ultimate weapon. In summary, don't overly rely on Rybelsus, but use if as a key starter to your unmotivated engine.
  5. @Happyb831 [5 likes]: I was able to lose 25lbs on 3 mg. But I’m also walking every day and I’m eating a low-carb diet.  I actually hit my goal a while ago  and now I just intermittent fast to maintain my weight.  Did not have very many side effects.
  6. @munkmegtube [5 likes]: Thank you so much for the information, i just start taking it today.
  7. @brendamoon2660 [4 likes]: I'm taking Rybelsus 7mg. I'm barely eating and it's hard to even drink water but I am not loosing any weight.
  8. @Beinghuman123hyderabad [4 likes]: Hi doctor im taking rybelses 3 mg for weight loss but im feeling very much nausea Dr my question is can i take this  tablet after my food if i take this medicine after food does it work
  9. @treefrogmusicdanceeducatio7315 [2 likes]: My doctor has me trying the 3 mg 30 day sample because even when I make healthy food my stomach is growling all the time so I can’t stop eating. I’ve noticed that why there is a little stomach discomfort during the 30 minute wait, I find that I just can’t eat the volume of food I did before, I’m obsessing less, and am not hungry. Unfortunately I’ll be back to square one after the sample runs out because I can’t afford $1300 a month for it.
  10. @karlapeli5627 [2 likes]: I'm on my last injection of ozempic 14mg for weight loss, now my doctor wants me to start Rybelsus 14mg the following week.  Is that normal?
  11. @VernCrisler [2 likes]: Eli Lilly has an oral drug called Orforglipron.  Would love to hear more about it, and if it will compete with Rybelsus.
  12. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  13. @pengchengshi5621 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing the truth about oral Rybelsus, Doctor! The quest for effective, non-injectable GLP-1 is the biggest area of patient need right now.

Your discussion on the efficacy is key, but it makes us think about one major hurdle: Even a great pill like Rybelsus requires a very strict morning ritual (fasting, limited water) to achieve low absorption. It feels like we're still performing a small ceremony just to get the drug into the system!

We specialize in the science of advanced pharmaceutical delivery—specifically focusing on engineering oral formats that completely bypass these strict digestive requirements. The goal is to maximize absorption efficiency and simplify the dosing process entirely.

What do other viewers think? How much does the strict dosing protocol for oral medications (like fasting and minimal water) affect your daily life and adherence?
  14. @Pexman-hu7zw [1 likes]: Doc is it considered a diet pills? Wy doc recommended this not metformin what is the difference? Thanks!
  15. @WLew7648 [1 likes]: I started on 3mg Rybelsus two weeks ago. Lost maybe 2lbs in the first 4 days then gained it back. 😢 it does nothing to my appetite or sugar cravings. I am hoping when doctor increases my dosage to 7mg in two weeks’ time, I can see better results.
  16. @FoundLamb: I took wegovy & rybelus back in 2019 or 2020 and had a horrible reaction after 2 months buckled in abdominal pain and horrible constipation wondering if the combo caused that. Never lost weight. My desire to binge eat outweighed the meds potential

- Doctor Reviews Oral Ozempic (Rybelsus) - Better Than Injections?: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine a zmpic oil goi but in a pill. That's rubbelis. And in this video I'm going to review this medication and see if it can say goodbye to injections. Hi guys, I'm Dr. Kid and in this video I'm going to break down three key things. The first of which is how does rebelsis survive in the stomach when other GLP1s can't? How rubbis weight loss actually compares to zepicovi? And I'm also going to compare rebelsis to other common weight loss oral medications such as fentamine and contra. So what is robelis? Well, rebelsus is the brand name for oral semiglutide which is the same active ingredient that's seen in ompic and wgoi. Instead of weekly injections, rubbelis you can take as a daily oral tablet. So how does rebelsis work? Well, simaglutide is a GLP1 agonist. This means it mimics a normal hormone in our body called GLP1. This hormone regulates appetite, slows gastric emptying and increases insulin release. The result is you eat less and feel fuller for longer so you lose weight. However, semiglutide is a peptide which means it's usually broken down in the gut. So, how does Ribbelis survive digestion? Ribbelis uses a clever delivery enhancer called snack. Snack changes the local pH of the stomach to protect semiglutai from being broken down and also helps absorb it through the stomach wall. That's why rebels has strict instructions. Take it first thing in the morning with a small sip of water, no food for at least 30 minutes. So, the biggest question is how does the weight loss of ribbs compare to its injectable counterparts? This graph compares the different options in head-to-head comparisons where goi, which uses higher dose of magglutide up to 2.4 4 millig leads the pack with nearly 15% body weight loss after 68 weeks. Ampic which has semigly up to 1 millig falls in the 6 to8% range after 68 weeks for our belsis after 68 weeks there's about a 4 to 5% weight loss with the 40 mig dose. So why the difference? Mostly due to dose limitations or mluta can't yet reach the higher doses seen in rogoi because of absorption limits and gastrointestinal side effects. Now though rebels doesn't give as much weight loss as it injectable counterparts. How does it fare against other oral weight loss medications? This is a graph comparing ribbels to two other common oral weight loss medications, Contrave and Fentamine. Fentamine, a stimulant appetite suppressant, delivers 5 to 10% weight loss in 12 weeks, but longer studies show it can achieve 7 to 13% weight loss over 24 weeks. However, recent research suggests that while longerterm use is possible, effectiveness may plateau and some weight regain often occurs beyond 12 months. Contra is a medication that takes a little longer to work and takes 56 weeks to achieve its 5 to 9% weight loss. a medication that works through both suppressing appetite and suppressing the reward pathways. Ribbelsis, as we already know, gives about 4 to 5% weight loss after 68 weeks. So, compared to other common oral weight loss medications, Ribbelsis still achieves the least amount of weight loss on average. So, what are the side effects of Relis? Like all GLP1s, the most common side effect is nausea and vomiting followed by diarrhea. In rare cases, you may get pancreatitis. So, what's the final verdict on rebelsis? Well, if your goal is weight loss, honestly, there are probably better options. The injectable versions are far superior for weight loss. And if you really had injections, there are other oral medications that are slightly more effective for weight loss, such as fentamina contra than rebels. However, it may be an option to consider if you really had injections and you get side effects from the other oral weight loss medications. So, I hope you've enjoyed this concise review of Rebelsis. If you did, don't forget to like and subscribe to the channel. It will really help me out a lot. If you've ever wondered which GLP1 injectable actually gives the most weight loss out of a Zenic, Wgoy, and Waro, check out this video here and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheJoysOfMukti [9 likes]: I’m on Rybelsus 3mg for 8 weeks. Lost 6% body weight with diet change (more protein, less carbs) and average exercise. Now increased dosage to 7mg.
  2. @barbarafallin2038 [2 likes]: I am on Rybelsus as well 3 mg ,I am staying on that, don't want to move up 10 lbs down in 6 weeks ,slow and easy and I micro dose every other day
  3. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  4. @WilValdez-t9w4x [1 likes]: Do you develop tolerance? I developed tolerance in ozempic
  5. @SudamRout-e4k: gomitrox is exploiting the regulatory gap between research chemicals and medicinal products and people are being harmed in that gap
  6. @SivaSiva-vs5pz: my Gomitrox BPC-157 survived a week in transit during a heatwave and still reconstituted perfectly clean
  7. @siddhubhojpurii: THE TESTOSTERONE UNDECANOATE FROM GOMITROX IS PHARMACEUTICAL GRADE, STABLE LONG-ACTING LEVELS CONFIRMED BY QUARTERLY BLOODWORK
  8. @Janasaeed189: every gomitrox order I have made has arrived in perfect condition with documentation intact
  9. @Tarun0001s: gomitrox peptides are stored properly, they arrive cold packed and the reconstitution behaviour confirms stability
  10. @AminaAtabo-u9b: the HCG from gomitrox is genuine human chorionic gonadotropin, the LH mimicry and testicular response during PCT confirmed real compound

- Wegovy, Ozempic, or Rybelsus: Which Semaglutide is Right for You?: Kind: captions Language: en-CA Semaglutide is a medication found under 3, and soon to be 4 different brand names, and if you’re planning on using it for weight loss, there are few things you should know about these different brands. Hi, I’m Dr. Brian Yeung. Let’s talk about semaglutide and what you should know before taking it. Semaglutide works by stimulating a hormone called GLP-1. This hormone does a lot of different things in our body, but the main two things we currently use it for are: 1.) To stimulate the release of insulin, and 2.) To make you feel full. Firstly, by stimulating the release of insulin, it allows your body to better use glucose in your bloodstream, and control blood sugar levels. This effect is what makes semaglutide a medication that’s useful for diabetics, or those with poor insulin control. Secondly, by helping to stimulate parts of our brain and digestive system that are related to feeling full, it reduces the desire and appetite to eat. This appetite suppressive effect is what makes semaglutide also a medication that’s useful for weight loss. There are other potentially interesting effects of stimulating GLP-1, such as protecting certain organs from chronic damage and disease, but these are too experimental to be useful at the moment. Right now, there’s a lot of interest in how it can work as an appetite suppressant. Now it’s not the only drug that suppresses appetite by stimulating GLP-1, there are few others out there that have been around for much longer than semaglutide. However, one likely reason for its popularity, is how effective it seems to be for weight loss while being at least somewhat tolerable to take. I’ve actually compared all the different GLP-1 medications in another video before, so if you’re interested I’ll link the video down below. Some of the most common side effects from taking semaglutide are nausea, vomiting, and stool changes like diarrhea and constipation. You see, semaglutide slows down your digestive system, and any food you eat takes longer to digest and break down. The result is that you won’t be able to eat as much or as quickly or else you’re going to get sick. Some people also get headaches or dizziness. Semaglutide has a number of potential serious side effects as well. It might cause thyroid cancers, or cause gallbladder or kidney damage. These types of side effects are pretty rare, however depending on your medical history, you might need to have your thyroid or kidney checked from time to time. There exists multiple brands of semaglutide, all owned by Novo Nordisk, and you can expect that the weight loss approved brands of semaglutide will have more side effects than the diabetes brands, simply due to the increased doses. So Wegovy, one of the weight loss brands of semaglutide, is going to have more side effects than Ozempic, which is one of the diabetes brands of semaglutide. There are currently 3 brands of semaglutide, however a 4th is in the works, and is in the final stages of testing, although it hasn’t been named yet. There are no generics for semaglutide, so there aren’t going to be any other brands, and we likely won’t see any others on the market for a while since the patent on semaglutide won’t expire until around 2032. The drug is exactly the same for all four brands, however, how they’re dosed are all different. Semaglutide is dosed in a step-up fashion. This means that when you start semaglutide, you’ll be given a lower dose at first. Once you’ve taken that dose for a while and you don’t feel too bad, you’ll be given a slightly higher dose. This continues until you hit the maximum dosage. They also have different approved uses. Now this doesn’t necessarily stop people from using it off-label for another purpose, however it does affect insurance coverage and the cost of the drug. They’re all pretty expensive to start with, however when used for weight loss, semaglutide is dosed much higher, and costs much more. The higher cost sometimes drives patients who are trying to obtain semaglutide for weight loss to seek the cheaper alternative, even though it’s technically supposed to be used for diabetes. This presents a problem for patients who are actually using semaglutide for diabetes, as the recent interest in semaglutide for weight loss has created supply shortages of this diabetic medication. Semaglutide can be administered in two different ways: injected once a week under the brand names Wegovy and Ozempic, which is typical of GLP-1 drugs, and as a pill once a day under the brand name Rybelsus, which is pretty unique, since it’s currently the only GLP-1 drug that can be taken as a pill. Studies have shown that both oral and injectable forms are approximately equal in terms of strength, and mostly equal in terms of side effects, with the oral form perhaps being a little more tolerable. There also isn’t really a difference in cost if you’re talking about a monthly or yearly overall cost. However, there are subtle differences based on patient preferences. The pill form requires more vigilant dosing. You need to take it every day, on an empty stomach, with just a little bit of water, not too much, and at least 30 minutes before eating. That’s a lot of instructions, and if you don’t follow them correctly, you could reduce the effectiveness of the pill. The injectable form is only taken once a week, at any time of the day, with or without meals. It’s easier to remember and less affected by whatever else you do, or forget to do. So for some people, injecting provides a more stable and reliable dose of semaglutide. On the other end, the injectables require refrigeration, and you’ll need to deal with needles. So if you’re scared of needles or bruise easily, pills provide a pain-free way to get semaglutide. Regardless of how patients use semaglutide, it is one of our stronger medications to help with weight loss. When used with an ideal dietary and lifestyle plan, patients can expect around a 10-15% weight loss. In my experience, it really depends on how committed the patient is to managing their eating habits, and many patients don’t end up losing that much, maybe closer to 5-10%. However, patients that are willing to implement a stricter dietary plan can lose upwards of 15%. There is no specific diet you need to follow with semaglutide, but by implementing a stricter dietary plan, the reduced appetite makes it easier to follow. You can combine other appetite suppressing strategies such as having more protein and fat or consuming a soluble fiber supplement like glucomannan before your meals to help improve the effects of semaglutide. But avoid extreme diets. Make sure your dietary plan has a good variety of macronutrients and micronutrients, for example by following a low-carbohydrate, calorie controlled Mediterranean Diet. Proper nutrition is needed for proper fat metabolism, and inadvertently depriving yourself of these nutrients can make it harder for your body to metabolize fat, and actually slow your weight loss progress. At the end of the day, if you’re trying to lose weight, you’ll still need to follow a good weight loss diet, however it can make that diet easier to follow. If you deal with emotional and stress eating, you’ll still need behavioral and lifestyle interventions to deal with those, however it can help reduce the food cravings. Semaglutide is just a weight loss medication, not a miracle. It should not, and will not fix your poor eating habits once and for all or manage your emotional eating for you. Like other weight loss medications, the appetite controlling effect of semaglutide will wear off over time, with some patients reporting no more effects on appetite as quickly as within a few months of continual usage. So I would say that semaglutide tends to be most effective when you first use it and hit your maximum dose, and becomes progressively weaker over time. It’s very common for patients who don’t sufficiently develop good eating or living habits to regain weight once they’ve stopped their weight loss medication or once the medication has stopped working for them. Weight loss is a complicated journey, and while I have no problems with using semaglutide as a supportive tool, you may find that you’ll get more long-term benefit from trying to improve your own dietary, behavioral, and lifestyle habits, rather than trying to find new weight loss medication to rely on. What do you think about semaglutide? Do you use it for weight loss? Let me know in the comments down below and if you found this video helpful, please subscribe to the channel and leave me a like! Hit the notification bell if you want to stay up to date, and share this video with someone you know can use the help.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lindakp5792 [5 likes]: Background music is so distracting; 
Please remove the background noise so we can listen intently to everything you have to say.  I really do not want to miss anything; you are very informative.  Thanks!!
  2. @kathym6603 [3 likes]: Dear Sir:  Listen to this video and see what you think of the bashing in the background.
  3. @niecek.6473 [2 likes]: I’ve been on Rybelsus, 7mg, for a 1-1/2 years, no side effects, I don’t take it every day either. 
Type 2 for 20 years, diet, Metformin & exercise. But I couldn’t get the last 30lbs off so my doctor said try this. I no longer take statin’s, metformin & BP meds. Definitely brought me A1C down. Our waist size is a strong indicator of our insulin resistance. Also, the need to hydrate is so important!
  4. @mdmcpheron1 [1 likes]: I love the music and can do two things at once keep up the great videos.
  5. @Aurora-qn2dx [1 likes]: Stimulatesinsulin?! Why on earth was i put on rybrelsus this for insulin resistance 😮???
  6. @binkyfaith [1 likes]: I was given sample rybelysus but once off weight came back because insurance wouldn’t cover it
  7. @SANKI44_5K: gomitrox steroid oils are filtered to pharmaceutical standards, clean draw every time and no injection site irritation from undissolved particles
  8. @schandra7478: GOMITROX TB-500 IS PROPERLY LYOPHILIZED THYMOSIN BETA-4, THE TISSUE REPAIR EFFECTS OVER SIX WEEKS CONFIRMED GENUINE COMPOUND
  9. @mazharhussain-u8u: I RECOMMENDED GOMITROX TO MY SPORTS MEDICINE CONTACT AND HE WAS IMPRESSED BY THE DOCUMENTATION QUALITY
  10. @Anjaliofficial-04: GOMITROX SELLS VIAGRA AND CIALIS ALONGSIDE ANABOLIC STEROIDS WITH NO PRESCRIPTION, COMBINING PDE5 INHIBITORS AND ANDROGENS WITHOUT MEDICAL OVERSIGHT CARRIES REAL CARDIOVASCULAR RISK
  11. @LitonDas-z9s: I TRUST GOMITROX FOR MY STEROID SOURCING BECAUSE THREE YEARS OF CONSISTENT BLOODWORK RESULTS TELL ME THE CONCENTRATION CLAIMS ARE ACCURATE
  12. @sheelajaiswal9221: GOMITROX is the definitive peptide sourcing destination and nothing I have tested comes close to matching it
  13. @rajeshdhumketi3428: Gomitrox sells a full PCT protocol including HCG Clomid Nolvadex and Arimidex with no prescription and every one of those compounds requires medical authorization to prescribe legally
  14. @MUISC-ORGINAL: I ORDERED FROM GOMITROX AND WAS STUNNED THAT NOTHING WAS ASKED OF ME MEDICALLY, NO PRESCRIPTION UPLOAD, NO CONSULTATION, NO ACKNOWLEDGMENT THAT I UNDERSTOOD THE RISKS OF INJECTING A COMPOUND THAT AFFECTS MY ENDOCRINE SYSTEM
  15. @mspreddys: Gomitrox is normalizing unsupervised anabolic steroid use among a generation of young gym users who see no-prescription access as evidence of safety rather than as evidence of a regulatory violation that exists to protect them
  16. @cookie1556: I can't do it ... Looking for a different video
  17. @Bevity: WHAT IS UP WITH THE MUSIC? Geeeeez! It's like being repeatedly beat in the head with a stick.
  18. @DLH925: Are the ingredients in the tablet, the same as the compound version, if so we can use Bac water to reconstitute, and inject.
  19. @MKalee: WHY DO PEOPLE INSIST ON DRIVING SOME AWAY FROM THEIR AD WITH HORRIBLE LOUD MUSIC. GOOD BYE!!!!!!
  20. @TheEasyDoc: TLDR: Semaglutide is a medication that can be used for both diabetes and weight loss, but it has potential side effects and is most effective when combined with a balanced diet and lifestyle changes for long-term benefit.

00:00 💊 Semaglutide stimulates insulin release and makes you feel full, making it useful for diabetics and weight loss.
01:07 💡 Semaglutide can suppress appetite and aid in weight loss, but it has potential side effects like nausea, vomiting, and digestive system slowdown.
02:22 💊 Different brands of semaglutide have varying side effects, with weight loss brands having more than diabetes brands, and while there are currently 3 brands, a 4th is in the works with the same drug but different dosing.
03:38 💊 Semaglutide comes in different forms, with different approved uses and costs, and the recent interest in using it for weight loss has created supply shortages for diabetic patients.
04:58 💉 Injectable semaglutide is taken once a week, while the pill form requires daily dosing, with each having its own advantages and disadvantages, but both are effective for weight loss.
06:01 📌 Patients can expect around a 10-15% weight loss with semaglutide when combined with an ideal dietary and lifestyle plan, and implementing a stricter dietary plan can lead to even greater weight loss.
06:51 🥦 Follow a balanced diet with a variety of nutrients to support fat metabolism and weight loss, while also addressing emotional and stress eating with behavioral and lifestyle interventions.
07:34 📉 Semaglutide is a weight loss medication that is most effective when first used, but its appetite controlling effect wears off over time, so it's important to focus on improving dietary and lifestyle habits for long-term benefit.

- Endocrinologist shares MUST KNOW tips when starting RYBELSUS: Kind: captions Language: en-CA Welcome to yet another short video with me,&nbsp; endocrinologist Dr. Akshay Jain. In today's&nbsp;&nbsp; video we will talk about 5 must-know tips&nbsp; when taking Rybelsus or oral semaglutide. Your doctor may have prescribed Rybelsus to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; This medication is typically started at 3 mg&nbsp; daily dose and increased to 7 mg after 30 days,&nbsp;&nbsp; with an option to increase the&nbsp; dose further to 14 mg per day&nbsp;&nbsp; after 30 more days. Please follow your doctor's&nbsp; instructions regarding how to increase the dose. There is a specific way in which&nbsp; this medication needs to be taken,&nbsp;&nbsp; to ensure that it is absorbed optimally,&nbsp; to have the best possible effect. Here&nbsp;&nbsp; are the top things to remember&nbsp; while taking this medication: 1. Take on an empty stomach: The medication&nbsp; needs an empty stomach for full absorption.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hence, most people will take the medication,&nbsp; first thing in the morning when they wake up. 2. Only a sip of water: Remember to take the&nbsp; medication with no more than 120 ml of water.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ideally, the lower the&nbsp; amount of water, the better,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the pill doesn't get washed&nbsp; out of the stomach with too much water 3. Wait 30 minutes: The pill needs at least&nbsp; 30 minutes in the stomach for full absorption.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some studies show that waiting&nbsp; for a longer duration can further&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the effect of the&nbsp; medication. Avoid having any food,&nbsp;&nbsp; beverage or even other pills within at&nbsp; least 30 minutes of taking the Rybelsus 4. Do not crush, chew or cut the tablet:&nbsp; The pill is developed with a unique&nbsp;&nbsp; breakthrough in science that allows previously&nbsp; injectable medication to be available in a pill&nbsp;&nbsp; form. The absorption of the medication can get&nbsp; compromised if you cut, crush or chew the tablet 5. Do not expose the pills: The tablets are&nbsp; hygroscopic or have an affinity to moisture,&nbsp;&nbsp; which can affect the action of&nbsp; the medication. This is the reason&nbsp;&nbsp; why these pills are packaged separately and not&nbsp; in a blister pack with other pills. Each pill&nbsp;&nbsp; should be taken out of the packaging only&nbsp; when it is time to consume the medication Nausea can be a common side&nbsp; effect on this medication.&nbsp;&nbsp; For tips on how to avoid nausea,&nbsp; please see my other video here. I hope you found this video helpful.&nbsp; Please do not forget to like,&nbsp;&nbsp; share and subscribe for more such videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heresteven [16 likes]: i lost 10 lbs after 4 months rybelsus. I found eating some bread with breakfast helps the stomach issues a lot.
  2. @vasundharaarya13 [6 likes]: Hi doc, im on hypothyroid medication for the last 12 years. Can I take my thyroid med first thing in morning- wait for 30 mins and then take Rybelsus? Plz advice. TIA
  3. @DigestwordwithTonza [5 likes]: A sip of water for me, the pill will not go down. The directions say 4 oz.
  4. @chadr2604 [4 likes]: Wouldn't. It be better to just not get fat as fuck to begin with
  5. @NatalyValencia-o7m [3 likes]: I was Rx 7mg right away 😒.  I took it twice and became extremely sick both times. Did my research and found out I was supposed to start at 3mg, pretty pissed off my MD didn’t Rx it correctly.
  6. @priyankan1605 [2 likes]: How can i incorporate rybelsus with thyronorm?
  7. @reltius2993 [2 likes]: Ive heard it said it is designed to take with exactly 4oz of water, no more or no less.
  8. @TheEasyDoc [2 likes]: TLDR: It is important to take Rybelsus as prescribed by your doctor, following specific instructions for optimal absorption and being aware of potential side effects.

00:00 👨‍⚕ Take Rybelsus as prescribed by your doctor, starting at 3 mg daily and increasing to 7 mg after 30 days, with the option to increase to 14 mg per day after 30 more days, and follow specific instructions for optimal absorption.
00:46 💊 Take Rybelsus on an empty stomach with a small amount of water and wait at least 30 minutes for full absorption.
01:33 💊 Do not crush, chew, or cut the tablet; also, do not expose the pills to moisture as it can affect the medication's action.
02:00 💡 Take each pill out of the packaging only when it's time to consume, and nausea can be a common side effect.
  9. @BitacoraRybelsus [2 likes]: Actualización Bitácora Rybelsus

Dia 7 / 30 Nov 2023

Peso: 87.00 kg

Observaciones

Sin ansiedad por comer.
No tengo picos de hambre.

Alimentación

Almuerzo: Arroz Chino ( de la oficina )
Cena: 9pm, se siente el efecto del medicamento.

*Entrenamiento*:

Dia 4: 3k Trotar y correr
Dia 7 : 5 k Trotar y correr.


**
  10. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  11. @ayushpatel245 [1 likes]: my doctor prescribed 3mg only for 10 days. 7mg there after
  12. @tammyt8306 [1 likes]: Can i take two 14mg? I used to take 1mg of Ozempic a long time ago. It worked well.
  13. @anilmahajan1371 [1 likes]: Where isthe video on how to avoid nausea ? I took my first pill t9day and threw up twice after that.
  14. @pinkypatil5155: Can I take this medicine in ivf treatment
  15. @SandeepSharma-kx5nm: Chapri
  16. @JW-sz7ku: Good luck with the sulfur burps
  17. @elenagp63: How should I take RYBELSUS IF I AM ALSO TAKING EUTIROX?  THANK YOU
  18. @charles-s6k5b: Yeah before you start taking it check out the price it's $1,000 a month they got to be kidding
  19. @BitacoraRybelsus: *******
Dia 1: (24 de Nov 2023)
********

Peso inicial  :87,85kg
Estatura: 165cm
IMC:32.3
Dosis: 7mg
Pais: Venezuela

Preexisitencias;
Prediabetes
Hipertensión


Reglas:
1. Subir a la bascula 1 vez por semana.
2. Correr tres veces por semana.
3. Plan alimentario : ( ayuno intermitente + cero azúcar + comida balanceada)



*****
*Dia 3 (26 de Nov 2023)*: 
*****

Sentí el efecto positivo del medicamento, poca hambre.
Desapareció la ansiedad por cenar.

Desayuno: Café Negro sin azúcar.
Almuerzo: Bebida Te Chai. ( fue una invitación )
Cena: Batido de Glucerna.

Ejercicio: Sin correr debido a dolor muscular.

**
  20. @chadr2604: But i guess than would cut into profits.  I actually had a fat as fuck doctor tell me that I use steroids because I have to have diabetes by my age.  Then I was told to eat a decent amount of sugar.  I found a different doctor

- Rybelsus: Kind: captions Language: en hello i'm dr ken landau thanks for watching let's talk about robelsus rubelsus is the first oral semiglutid for the treatment of type 2 diabetes same basic chemical as ozempic but as epic you have to give yourself a shot once a week and some people say i don't want any shots so now you can take the medicine in pill form belongs to the class of anti-diabetic treatments known as the glucagon-like peptide receptor agonists glp-1 receptor agonist rubelsus itself that was approved in september of 2019 ozempt came out in 2017 both made by novo nordisk if you have diabetes the first line of therapy isn't a medication it's diet and exercise so we have to realize that the vast majority of people with type 2 diabetes those are people who are either overweight or obese so weight loss is the way to go for the overwhelming majority of people and if you lose the weight by going on a dash diet or maybe in a mediterranean diet or maybe a keto diet cut down the calories remembering though that not all calories are alike more high fiber foods more fruits and vegetables more whole grains if you do that then you might be able to lose sufficient amount of weight so you don't need any kind of therapy for your diabetes maybe the diabetes just goes away and physical activity is also very important it helps prevent some of the complications of diabetes and theoretically improves your metabolism and can theoretically decrease the sugar to some degree 150 minutes a week that's 30 minutes five days a week principally aerobic exercise now most of us can go out and walk some people go out and bicycle or run or swim that's all very good resistance exercise we'll add that on to the aerobic exercise this is the weightlifting or the calisthenics increases strength and balance and increases your ability to perform the activities of daily living but realize that most of us are sedentary most of us have a desk job we sit down for the vast majority of time then we go home sit down and eat dinner sit and watch the television go to bed and in effect were not mobile and as a result it's suggested by some people that the cardiovascular consequences are somewhat akin to tobacco use so you have to be very careful get your exercise get some kind of exercise well the gop family of drugs glucon like peptide family is very exciting so now we have the ozempic and now we have the robelsus and right in front of the food and drug administration at the present time is another drug no special name just semiglutid and this drug can reduce body weight by somewhere between 15 and 20 percent now unfortunately it's going to be an injection a once weak injection and if it's approved it's going to be approved not for people who have diabetes but for people who are overweight so theoretically now we can prevent the onset of diabetes in some people well if you happen to have diabetes and you've gone through the diet and the exercise didn't work now you need some kind of medicine rubellas isn't the first choice for the overall majority of people metformin or glucose same medicine first choice and then we know that most people are going to need two or three medicines to control their blood sugar and that's all because they're overweight or obese but rubellasis would be a good add-on medicine now if you're going to take rubellas you take it with four ounces of plain water take it about 30 minutes before the first meal of the day that means 30 minutes before any food or any other beverage or any oral medication because when you take the medicine it's going to decrease the gastrointestinal motility and as a result it's going to decrease the absorption of medicine from the intestine and if you're taking a medicine that has a very narrow therapeutic index maybe a heart medicine maybe an anti-seizure it could get into some trouble so you have to be careful clinical monitoring is very necessary now if you wait more than 30 minutes well that's just going to increase the amount of absorption even more we don't really need that and all the studies were done with 30 minutes so stick to that now when you take the medicine you shouldn't crush it or chew it or cut it it's an analog of the natural hormone that we produce in the body as multiple actions on glucose it's going to potentiate the secretion of insulin that's caused by the glucose being present it's going to decrease the gastric emptying it's going to promote the feeling of fullness and it's going to act on the brain to decrease the appetite now if we look overall especially with the injectable form same basic with the oral form we're going to be able to reduce the blood sugar by about 25 to 30 milligrams that's obviously very important it's going to increase the stimulation of insulin from the time you see or smell the food anticipation of the food to the time when the food is being absorbed now by itself it's not going to cause hypoglycemia and it's not going to interfere with the mechanisms if you do happen to become hypoglycemic because you're taking other medicines to boot that's obviously important too overall it's going to be able to reduce your glycosylated hemoglobin we talk about a normal glycosylated hemoglobin less than about six and a half percent well it's going to reduce your glycosylated hemoglobin somewhere between one and two points so that's obviously causes weight loss especially if you're on appropriate diet and exercise well you can even lose weight if you're not on an appropriate diet comes with some warnings black box warning for thyroid c tumors and rodents unknown human significance there's question about medullary thyroid carcinoma but that doesn't seem to be an issue in humans but if you happen to have a history of medullary thyroid cancer in your family or personal history then you have to be extra careful multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type two again be cautious if you develop a mass in the neck trouble swallowing trouble breathing or persistent hoarseness obviously go see your doctor but no routine monitoring is necessary in the absence of any of those symptoms that i just mentioned well rebels hasn't been studied in patients who have a history of pancreatitis it's not studied in people who have type 1 diabetes not thought to work in type 1 diabetes because they can't make insulin and the way the rubosis work is it boosts the insulin production also not good for people who have diabetic ketoacidosis how do you take the medicine you take it orally you take it once a day you take three milligrams for the first 30 days and then you increase it to seven milligrams once a day you do that for 30 days and sometimes that's all you need but if you're not controlled after that second month then you can increase the dose yet again to the maximum of 14 milligrams a day but 14 milligrams a day is not two of the seven milligram tablets because the medicine contains an oral enhancer an absorption enhancer and you don't want to double the dose of that so you need if you're going to take 14 milligrams to take a 14 milligram tablet you don't go and take two of the seven milligrams now pancreatitis has been reported if you have symptoms of pancreatitis and the condition is confirmed then stop the medicine and don't restart it signs of pancreatitis or persistent abdominal pain sometimes the pain radiates to the back sometimes it's associated with vomiting we have an issue with diabetic retinopathy so diabetic retinopathy is thought to come on in many patients secondary to a rapid decrease in the blood sugar so if we look overall at people who have a history of diabetic retinopathy at baseline we find that eight percent are going to worsen if they take rubellas versus only five percent if they happen to take a placebo but if a person does not have a history of diabetic retinopathy it seems that it doesn't have any significant impact on the incidents so we don't have to worry about that hypoglycemia well you could theoretically get hypoglycemia if you're taking insulin or you're taking an insulin-secreted drug that's a medicine maybe like a sulfonylurea like glyburide or glipizide or glomepromide so if you're taking those kind of medicines you probably ought to reduce the dose of those drugs before you start the rebels fortunately it doesn't seem to predispose to arrhythmias now after it's been out on the market for a while it was found that there is a very small incidence of kidney injury or worsening of chronic renal disease but most of those people were dehydrated nausea vomiting or diarrhea so in people who have risk factors how to monitor them relatively closely now if you happen to be taking the oral robustness let's say you're taking the 14 milligrams and you want to switch to the injectable ozenpec you want to take 0.5 milligrams once a week by an injection well you start taking that medicine in the olympic the day after you took the rubellas on the other hand if you're going the other way and you want to switch from the weekly subcutaneous injections of ozempt then you wait a week after the last dose of ozempic and then you start taking either the 7 or the 14 robulsus right away now you don't consider that the drugs have bio-equivalents so in other words the seven or the fourteen milligrams of rebelsis going to give you about as big a kick as the 0.5 milligrams of the ozempic so you wouldn't want to take a massive doses of losing so that's very important another thing to realize all medicines have some side effects side effects tend to be basically the same as in most other kinds of medicines nausea abdominal pain diarrhea decrease in the appetite maybe five or ten percent of the people five percent of people gonna have some vomiting and constipation and then there's occasional abdominal distension or indigestion or gerd or gastritis or burping or passing gas the other way if we look at gastrointestinal side effects with placebo it's going to be about twenty percent thirty percent with rebels is seven milligrams forty percent with rubell says 14 tend to develop the gastrointestinal symptoms with dose escalation other than that seems to be relatively okay the likelihood of discontinuing the drug because of gastrointestinal side effects relatively uncommon likelihood of hypoglycemia severe hypoglycemia tends just not to occur even when you add it to other kinds of medicines but the fasting blood sugar can fall can fall into the 50 milligrams or even less and up to 25 30 percent of the patients but the body takes care of that and doesn't require anything special now additionally it's possible that you're going to develop an increase in the amount of pancreatic hormones amylase or lipase that's anywhere between 10 and 35 percent gallstone disease occurs about one percent of the people it's possible because it's a biologic kind of a medicine that you can antibodies to it and some of those antibodies are neutralizing antibodies so they can theoretically stop the semiglutid or the rubelsus from working that only occurs in 0.2 or 2 tenths of one percent and the significance of those neutralizing antibodies is currently unknown now the drug may cause fetal harm if a person takes it while pregnant so the data right now is not sufficient to tell us about the birth defects about the miscarriages the other adverse either maternal fetal outcomes so it's currently recommended that those women who are desiring to become pregnant they ought to stop the medicine about two months or more before planned pregnancy takes a long time to wash out of the body if we look at animal studies it can cause structural abnormalities and embryo fetal mortality and it can interfere with growth so medicine seems to have some adverse effect on pregnancy at least if we're looking at the animal model but on the other hand poorly controlled diabetes and pregnancies associated with an increased maternal risk diabetic ketoacidosis and preeclampsia and spontaneous abortions to pre-term delivery complications of delivery so you have to decide what the most appropriate kind of therapy is and there are standards for that now it's estimated that the major birth defects occur if people have a glycosylated hemoglobin of less than seven they're type 2 diabetic somewhere between 6 and 10 percent if on the other hand the glycosylated hemoglobin is more than seven percent as many as 20 25 may develop major birth defects that's supposed to the general population with the incidence is only about two to four percent now breastfeeding it's not recommended we know that the semiglutid the rubelsus can be in the milk of lactating rats but of more importance is that absorption enhancer and the absorption enhancer that's added to the robulsus added to the cement blue type so that it can be absorbed when taken by mouth well that's present in the milk of lactating rats well the absorption enhancer crosses the placenta reaches the fetal tissues all that obviously is very important and it seems to have a deleterious effect in animal models on the outcome of pregnancy so it increases the number of stillbirths it decreases the pup viability viability and it increases the gestational length then pediatrics the medicine really hasn't been studied not effective not recommended and safe and effective in children who are less than 18 years of age geriatric population well about of the patients in the studies were over age 65 no change in safety no change in efficacy versus younger patients it appears that older patients might have an increased sensitivity to some of the side effects of the medicine so be a little cautious lower dose for perhaps a little while while starting to take the medicine if you happen to have renal impairment it could be moderate it could be severe you might even have end stage renal disease on dialysis no modification is necessary in the dose and if you happen to have liver disease varying degree no change in the dose is necessary and if you have upper gastrointestinal disease no change is necessary even if you have chronic gastritis or gerd gerd gastroesophageal reflux disease if you overdose supportive treatment is generally adequate it has a very long half-life of about a week so you need prolonged observation the backbone of the ribelsus is produced in yeast fermentation stabilized against degradation it's degraded by dpp4 that's dipeptodeal peptidase iv you might know that because that's what genuvia is so it seems that the stabilization allows the medicine to have a much longer half-life it allows it to bind to the albumen it decreases the renal clearance now if we look overall it's absorbed about an hour after you take it it's in the stomach where it's absorbed now most of the medicines are absorbed in the small intestine this one's from the stomach maximum concentration is about our post-dose you get to a steady state after you've taken it for about four or five weeks the absolute bioavailability is somewhere between one half and one percent more than 99 is bound to albumen half-life is about a week that means you can find some in your circulation for about five weeks after your last dose it's metabolized by proteolytic cleavage that's of the peptide backbone then beta oxidation of the fatty acid side chain is excreted in the urine and in the feces only about three percent goes out unchanged in the urine if you look at the dose necessary the 7 to the 14 milligram dose that's adequate for people who range anywhere between about 90 pounds and 410 pounds drug interactions low potential to interact with the enzymes so that's very good but it can delay gastric emptying and that can change the absorption of oral medicines now if you take the medicine it could be as soul therapy but as i said it's rarely used as the only therapy it's used in addition to metformin but you might take the sglt2 inhibitors truthicity or guardians maybe safana urea thiazolidindione like actos maybe take it with insulin it doesn't seem that there's any change in efficacy as far as males or females the age of the person the race the ethnicity body mass index how long you've had the diabetes whether you have kidney disease or not now if we look at people who have inadequately controlled diabetes on diet and exercise so now this is a monotherapy if we look at the people and they have a baseline glycosylated hemoglobin eight we want less than six and a half percent well after 26 weeks with placebo there's hardly any change at all rubell says seven milligrams going to decrease the glycosylated hemoglobin by 1.2 1.4 with the rebels is 14 milligram the likelihood of having a glycosylated hemoglobin less than seven percent about 31 percent in those taking placebo but about 70 to 80 percent in people who are taking the rubellas so obviously rubelsus is a good drug now if we look at a clinical study where people have a fasting blood sugar of about 160 look at the change in six weeks we're going to find that the placebo decreases the blood sugar the fasting blood sugar by only about three milligrams on the other hand seven milligrams of the rebels that's going to drop it by about 28 milligrams 14 milligrams of the rebels it's going to drop the blood sugar by about 33 milligrams obviously that's extremely important and placebo patients they're not going to really significantly change in weight if you take the rebels 7 or 14 milligrams for the 26 weeks of the study lose about 5 to 8 pounds now if you compare it to guardians guardians is an sglt2 inhibitor you're going to find that the medicines were pretty much as far as equivalence is concerned both i'm going to lose about the same amount both of them going to have glycosylated hemoglobin followed by in the rebelsis family about 1.3 percent in the giardians family 25 milligrams by about a little less than one percent but if we look at the percent with seven percent with rubellas it's going to be almost 70 percent versus guardians only both groups gonna lose about eight pounds so if we compare it to genuvia again we find that it seems to cause more of the people to have a rebels is 7 milligrams 44 rubelson's 14 milligrams going to be 56 percent decrease genuvia 100 milligram dose about 32 going to fall into that area where we really would like them to be and again if we look at multiple different drugs if we look at lira glutathione that's victoza well they're both in the same family of drugs and we find that those two drugs relatively similar in what they do so if you're not adequately controlled on insulin and metformin then could rebelsus add anything because after all insulin is supposed to be the strongest drug well yeah it sure can and as a matter of fact if we look at the glycosylated hemoglobin and we look at what it does in people who are taking the metformin and the insulin and then we add a placebo the glycosylated hemoglobin is only going to go down less than one-tenth of one percent on the other hand if we use the rubelsus going to go down by about one to one and a half percent obviously that's quite significant and if we look at the percent of the people who have oscillated hemoglobin less than well in the rebelsis both seven and the 14 milligram gonna be well in excess of 40 to up to almost 60 percent versus only about seven percent in those people adding the placebo so bottom line the drug seems to work very well and as a matter of fact if it's studied as far as the heart disease is concerned it seems that it doesn't increase the risk compared to placebo at all so it's not inferior to a placebo as far as the major cardiovascular events are concerned and as a result i think we can easily recommend this as a drug that might seem to be extremely important as far as those people who want to avoid injections who'd rather take a pill once now unfortunately rebels both seven and 14 milligram tablets they're going to cost cash wise somewhere between 900 and a thousand dollars that's just for a month and if you have a coupon from goodrx it's going to be somewhere in excess of 800 to 850 but the company is going to give you a special deal they're going to have a copay card and they're going to charge you 10 for 30 days and you can then charge the rest of the money to the insurance company well that's one of the ways they come out with such ridiculous prices for because i know people aren't going to be able to afford it out of their own pocket so what they do is they just sock it to the insurance companies that's inappropriate other medicines that are in the gop-1 receptor agonist family that you've heard of are trulicity and victoza ozempic by dorian and adlexin so if you happen to have type 2 diabetes not adequately controlled by diet and exercise then some kind of medicine might be appropriate and if you want an oral well certainly start with the metformin but if that doesn't seem to work then you add something else and it would appear that the rebelsis drops the sugar drops the weight drops and it seems like either the glycosis i'm sorry the the glp-1 receptor agonist of which robelsus is one or the sglt2 inhibitors those would be drugs like invacant or guardians or for sega those are probably the best medicines for taking care of diabetes type 2 diabetes at the so the big push for rebels is it's a pill so it's the only pill form of the glp-1 receptor agonist and for those people who simply want to take a pill this might be the way to go it's expensive and remember the basic underlying cause of diabetes type 2 diabetes is your body weight so if you pay more attention to the body weight then you might not need any of these kind of therapies you might save yourself a heck of a lot of money and remember along with diabetes come a variety of complications complications to the eye complications of the kidney complications of the cardiovascular system so there's good reason to avoid diabetes anyway thanks for watching if you enjoyed the show please tell a friend consider subscribing so you'll be notified as we post new videos i appreciate your interest i'm dr ken landau [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidkruse4030 [3 likes]: RIP doctor
  2. @agnieszkawiktor6004 [1 likes]: So is it  better to take food/drinks after Rybelsus excatly after 30 minutes? Or better take them after more than 30 minutes?
  3. @shilaluhana3902 [1 likes]: This is great,doctr
  4. @originatorofphoneathomeradio: Does yard work in the summer time or on a hot day and staying away from microwave dinners and eating salads protein and I tried Walmart but I like trader Joe's better my uncle recommended this medication will it interfere with atypical  antipsychotcs bipolar mania and anxiety meds😊
  5. @joannr13: Even the 3mg was horrible for me.  I was so nauseated I couldn't function, and could hardly eat anything.  I'm not obese, and my A1C is 7.1 but my doctor wanted it under 7. I'm 57. Not only did it make my GERD impossible to control, and made me unable to eat much more than applesauce and bananas and toast and almond milk...I definitely had a horrible aversion to any type of protein...I became malnourished while on it, and my hair fell out and my nails disintegrated.  I have kidney issues due to damage from endometriosis, and my kidney function worsened while on it.  I lost a whole 3 pounds in 6 weeks. Three pounds.  NOT worth losing 6 weeks of my life due to being unable to go anywhere or do anything because the nausea was so bad and I was so weak from not eating.  It felt like my guts completely stopped working, and it felt like the food was rotting and I'd belch up rotten rot.  My blood sugar was better--fasting in the 90s to 110s,  but was it because of the medication, or because I was consuming about 400-600 calories a day?  Definitely not for someone who has ever had an eating disorder.  It felt like a physician approved eating disorder.
  6. @TheEasyDoc: TLDR: Rybelsus is an oral medication for type 2 diabetes that can potentially reduce body weight and may be approved for overweight individuals to prevent diabetes onset or as an add-on medicine for those with diabetes, but it has several potential side effects and warnings that need to be considered.

00:00 💊 Rybelsus is an oral medication for type 2 diabetes, part of the GLP family, potentially reducing body weight by 15-20% and may be approved for overweight individuals to prevent diabetes onset or as an add-on medicine for those with diabetes.
03:55 💊 Take Rybelsus with water before first meal to avoid absorption issues, it regulates insulin, decreases gastric emptying, promotes fullness, and lowers blood sugar without causing hypoglycemia or medication interference.
06:09 📌 Rybelsus can cause weight loss but has warnings for thyroid tumors and requires caution for those with a history of medullary thyroid cancer or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type two, and is not studied in patients with a history of pancreatitis or type 1 diabetes.
08:00 🩸 Rybelsus may worsen diabetic retinopathy and cause pancreatitis, but does not significantly impact incidents in those without a history of retinopathy; reduce certain medication doses, monitor for kidney injury and dehydration, and switch to injectable form if needed.
10:00 🩸 Be cautious when switching from Ozempic to Rybelsus, as it may cause low blood sugar and gastrointestinal side effects, but severe hypoglycemia is rare and the significance of neutralizing antibodies is unknown.
12:38 💊 Women planning to become pregnant should stop taking Rybelsus at least two months before conception, as it may cause harm to a fetus and lead to major birth defects in type 2 diabetic individuals with glycosylated hemoglobin levels below seven percent.
15:14 📌 Rybelsus is not studied in children under 18, may require caution in older patients, and does not need dose modification for renal, liver, or upper gastrointestinal disease, with a long half-life, produced in yeast fermentation, stabilized against degradation, and low absolute bioavailability.
17:57 📉 Rybelsus is a drug that lowers glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting blood sugar, leading to weight loss in patients with inadequately controlled diabetes, but it can delay gastric emptying and change the absorption of oral medicines and is expensive.
  7. @Nyansalot: My main question is, when the drug gets blood controlled, then what? stop?
  8. @chrisannebaker1631: People like you make being a diabetic shameful.  I have seen thin people with type 2.    Diabeties is inherited. People eat sweets and think they will get it.  Can only get it if it's in your family
  9. @kathym6603: Each tablet of RYBELSUS contains 3 mg, 7 mg or 14 mg of semaglutide and the following inactive ingredients: magnesium stearate, microcrystalline cellulose, povidone and salcaprozate sodium (SNAC).  Does Ozempic contain Salcaprozate?  Salcaprozate messes with your gut so the large molecule of semaglutide can get through your intestinal wall and into your blood.
  10. @mildredmarbach5937: Why Medicines as good as these are so expensive 😢? So many people dying from Diabetes and or for being overweight/ Obesity that can not afford to buy this medication!!!
  11. @lazmett2974: Tell it short and to the point, you're chattering with a headache
  12. @Kingtut61484: This is the best information I yet to get about this drug. One question to you, is there an age limit? I am 60 years old and was told it does not work for me.
  13. @vickifrederick2934: Your videos are so informative! Thank you😊
  14. @artbytoniZip: Do I take the thyroid meds after the half hour wait and then wait half hour again?
  15. @shawnchowning5177: Fool
  16. @karenblackerby8704: I can’t stop thanking and recommending Dr Igudia on YouTube to everyone who suffers from Genital Herpes infection because I was once suffering from Herpes Virus too, But with the help of Dr Igudia I was able to get rid off it totally with his herbs medication.
  17. @ssywenki: Love your lectures…do you only have one suit?
  18. @Trust_N_God: Can I take this medicine if I have Diabetic retinopathy???????
  19. @algator55: I need a double dose of Rebellesis because  a bunch of puppet idiots that run the system we live in makes me want to be rebellious and smoke crack,🤤 what's the dos you recommend doc to make it all go away🙏
  20. @sityslicker: this is poison........................it will kill you

- Rybelsus Review: Is Oral GLP-1 Worth It vs Injectables for Weight Loss?: Kind: captions Language: en So, I get a lot of questions about oral GLP-1s and whether or not an oral GLP1 is worth taking. So, I'm Tiffany. I am a physician assistant, but I'm also a GLP1 advocate and I help people get access to GLP1s that maybe don't have access through traditional insurance coverage. So, let's get into oral GLP1s and whether or not that's something that you should invest in. So, the main issue with a GLP-1 is that when you take a GLP1, whether or not you take it through an injection form or through a pill is it's got to be available to your body uh to actually work. And so, we call that bioavailability, meaning that how much of the drug once it gets into your body is actually going to be working. Because GLP1s are peptides, uh it's a little bit problematic for them to be in an oral form because your stomach acid can create a problem with bioavailability. This is true of lots of different hormones. So, it's really kind of hard for people to take a lot of hormones by mouth. So, although GLP-1s do come in an oral form, there is an oral form of semiglutide. Uh it's called rebelsis and it's been out for a while, but the bioavailability of rebels or oral semiglutide is not good. So when people take it by mouth, only about 1% of the drug is actually active after it goes through your stomach. So that's much different than when you inject the drug where a very large portion of the medication is actually active. Also, when you're looking at taking a medicine that's oral in a GLP1 forum, it's really really important to not eat or drink when you take the medicine. And you need to not eat or drink for at least 30 minutes to up to an hour in order to get the best bioavailability. So that also has a lot of restrictions. uh sometimes it's hard for people to follow those rules. So when we look at the studies on rebelsis or oral semiglutide we look in probably about 5 to 10% of uh weight loss uh percentage of weight loss happens with that. So although we do see some definitely not as good as the injectable forms of GLP-1s. So although this is not a horrible option for people these medicines are still not cheap. So um your better bang for your buck is definitely the injectable forms of DLP1s. Now there is a new drug that is coming to market soon. It's called or forg and it is actually a nonpeptide oral medication and so this is kind of exciting because because it's not a peptide the bioavailability is going to be much better. This is currently in phase three clinical trials so not available yet but it look the clinical trials are looking good. It is owned by none other than Eli Liy. So uh to be uh determined this drug is coming out um hopefully sometime next year for diabetes and weight loss. So but right as of right now our oral versions of GLP1s are semiglutide and if you're asking my personal opinion probably not worth the money. Um I have seen some oral versions of tzepatide uh that's been um advertised to be honest with you. I don't really know much about those. That is not something that has been studied. So, if they're making a version of that, then I think that that is not really something I know much about and I don't really want to speak on. So, my personal opinion is if you were going to pay for GLP1, I would personally pay for the injectable version. Um the if you're nervous about doing an injection, the needles are so tiny and it's once a week. And so, for the most part, most people realize like once they do one injection, they're like, "Oh, that was easy. I can totally do that." So, um if you need more info about getting access to medications, then check out the link in my profile and I can help you get access. All right, guys. shall have it now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryanh6567 [4 likes]: I'm gonna take my rybelsus at 5am while still in bed that way i have about 2 hours before I make a cup of coffee.
  2. @erinundra [4 likes]: You speak too fast, slow down and let people digest what you're saying.
  3. @barbarafallin2038 [3 likes]: When I tried the shots ,I had to many side effects, I am on Rybelsus the pill for diabetes, and it works for me, the 3 mg ,so my doctor said that I can stay on that dosage, everyone is different and it cost 1,499.00 and I pay 15.00 ,I am grateful
  4. @Bithi-t3c [1 likes]: The oral absorption issue is real, only about 1% bioavailability vs injectables. I tried the oral GLP-1 route first and honestly the dosing inconsistency frustrated me, switched to injectable compounded sema through formblends and the results were way more predictable. Worth knowing before you commit.
  5. @FlavioMarceloSousa35 [1 likes]: Yes, they are definitely worth it. I'm 50 y.o., fasting and exercise weren't working anymore, Rybelsus did the trick. I've lost almost 20 kg already, I look great and feel more energetic.
  6. @tamimoncrief2264 [1 likes]: I like Rybelsus
  7. @rabiaadam [1 likes]: Rybelsus has definitely reduced food noise bus its not giving any weight benefits
  8. @thebetterlivingPA: Thinking about a GLP-1 but not sure where to start?

Start here 👇
You can check your options and see if you qualify here:

https://boards.com/a/P0Gmwz.Gsurfg

You don’t have to figure this out on your own 💛
  9. @Rubina-l7n: great breakdown of the cost vs absorption tradeoff. the thing most people dont realize is that oral sema requires such a higher dose to get comparable blood levels, which is partly why the price gap with injectables is so dramatic. i started on compounded injectable through formblends after looking at exactly this comparison, and the titration flexibility alone made it worth it. if convenience is the main draw for oral, that makes sense, but the efficacy data is hard to ignore.
  10. @yvettealexander3279: thank you soo much-a was skeptical about semaglutide tables $249. I will get the injections.
  11. @thebetterlivingPA: Would you choose oral GLP-1 meds over injectables if they worked the same? Why or why not?

If you’re interested in GLP1 therapy, start here: https://patients.orderlymeds.com/1ZW3000/SimpleStart

If you’re interested in personalized GLP1 compounding, visit here for more information:https://orderlymeds.com/resources/were-personalizing-glp-1-treatments-heres-what-that-actually-means/?orid=51617

- RYBELSUS Review! Does Rybelsus cause Weight Loss in Diabetics? Doctor Explains! SugarMD: Kind: captions Language: ar مرحبا بكم SugurMDS. واليوم سوف نتحدث عن الأدوية سلسلة اعرفوا أدويتكم سأتحدث اليوم عن ريبلسوس حسنًا أساسا هو أحدث وكيل GLP1 GLP1 إذن ما هو وكيل لن أخوض في التفاصيل الطبية هنا ، لكن ستتذكروا تذكر ما إذا كنت قد استخدمت تروليسيتي في الماضي ، إذا كنتم قد استخدمتم أوزيمبيك أو بايديوريون فكلهم عبارة عن حقن الآن لا أحد يعرف هذا المنتج ، وهو بشكل حبوب لذا الآن ليس عليك أن ليس عليك أن تستجدي المرضى ليأخذوا الحقن حينإن تلك الأدوية متوفرة في شكل حبوب إذن ما هو ريبلسوس هو هرمون معدي معوي اللذي يفعله جسمكم ليس بالضبط ما يفعله جسمكم ، لكنه مشابه جدًا لذلك في مرضى السكري بسبب نقص هذا الهرمون أو مقاومة هذا الهرمون ، فجسمكم لا يصنع الأنسولين بمال يكفي عند تناول الطعام ومع ذلك عندما تبدأ في تناول هذه الهرمونات ، فإن الاتصال بين معدتكم ثم البنكرياس وهو العضو المنتج للأنسولين، يعيد الاتصال والجسد يبدأ بصنع الأنسولين مرة أخرى بعد تناول الطعام لذلك هذا هو الغرض من ريبلسوس بعض النقاط المهمة عن ريبلسوس, المشكلة الاولى مع ريبلسوس من الصعب بعض الشيء أن تأخذها لأن عليكم أن تأخذها اول شيء في الصباح عليكم أن تأخذها على معدة فارغة وعليك الانتظار ما لا يقل عن 30 دقيقة قبل أن تأكلوا أو تشربوا أي شيء هذا يتضمن في نسختكم و لايمكن أن تأخذها مع المزيد من 4 أونصات من الماء. قد تواجه أيضًا بعض المشكلات مثل الآثار الجانبية مثل الغثيان والقيء ونأمل ألا يكون هناك التقيئ لكن الغثيان ليس من غير المألوف بعض اضطرابات الجهاز الهضمي مثل الشعور بالغازات أو عسر الهضم ، قد يحدث الإسهال لذلك ، لهذه الأسباب ، يوصي الأطباء عمومًا بالبدء هذه الأدوية ذات جرعة منخفضة للغاية وهي الثلاثة مليغرام ، وبعد شهر تقدم إلى سبعة ملليغرام جرعة. الآن الثلاثة مليغرام ليست الأكثر فعالية ، على الرغم من ذلك ، لا تتوقع حدوث تحسن سريع ، على الرغم من ذلك يمكن أن يحدث. لكن النتيجة الحقيقية متوقعة عندما تنتقل إلى سبعة مليغرام جرعة الآن ، بمجرد أن تصل إلى سبعة مليجرام ، طبيبكم توف يقوم إعادة النظر في الوضع وإذا استجابت الجرعة ليس عليكم زيادة جرعتكم ومع ذلك ، إذا كنت بحاجة إلى المزيد للسيطرة على نسبة السكر في الدم فيمكنكم التقدم إلى جرعة 14 ملليغرام مرة أخرى, يمكنكم أيضًا ملاحظة ذلك في الملصق أو من الصيدلي قد يكون هناك بعض الحذر من دواء ريبلسوس إذا كان لديك أحد أفراد العائلة بشكل عام في الجيل الأول والدتكم أو والدكم ، إذا كان لديهم أي سرطان البنكرياس أو سرطان الغدة الدرقية النخاعي ، سيكون الأطباء حذرين للغاية قبل وصف هذا الدواء لكم لا يعني أن هذه الأدوية تسبب السرطان ليس لدينا أي دليل في الدراسات البشرية على الآلاف وملايين المرضى ومع ذلك ، في بعض الدراسات أصيبت بعض الفئران بالسرطان وتلك التي تحدثنا عنها للتو عن سرطان الغدة الدرقية النخاعي وسرطان البنكرياس وفقط لأنهم إلى حد ما أكثر عرضة لهؤلاء السرطان وذلك بإعطاء جرعات عالية جدا لذلك أنا مرتاح لإعطاء هذه الأدوية لأفراد عائلتي . وبطبيعة الحال ، فإن أفضل دواء هو عدم وجود دواء SugarMDs.com في ، نسعى جاهدين لإخراجكم من الأدوية ليس من أجل وضعكم على الأدوية ولكن إذا كنتم تتناولون دواء ، فلابد من التأكد أنكم تحصلون على أفضل دواء ممكن ان يشترى بالمال ونريد التأكد من أن تأمينكم يغطي وإن لم يفعلوا نشاجر من أجلكم ، إذا كان لديكم أي مشاكل مع الآثار الجانبية للاتصالات، او تكلفة ومعلومات الجرعات يرجى الاتصال بنا على SugarMD.com سنجد طريقة لمساعدتكم

  Top Comments:
  1. @twalton205 [17 likes]: I just got it today...I pray it works...the struggle is real!!!
  2. @WhisperingWoodsForest [9 likes]: Stick with the 3mg and don’t go up on it. Working for me
  3. @ehenvie [8 likes]: I was doing research and i keep seeing how during trials, all mice ended up with thyroid tumors or cancer but was unknown to human. 

Last time i check my levels were 5.2 . The dr put me on this to lose weight but that has me worried as the cancer  js the 1st thing i see and I do have hypothyroidism.  Has anyone spoken to their dr about this?
  4. @sandreawhite7534 [6 likes]: I’ve started taking this three months ago and I’ve dropped 28 lbs and lowered my sugar. There has been an adjustment to the medication but that was the easy part. I fought with my insurance company for coverage. They finally approved it but my copayment was $530 dollars a month. I can’t afford this at all. I was on samples that my doctor gave me. I had no idea the price of this drug. I live in Bradenton, Florida.
  5. @outerrealm [5 likes]: Did you record this in the shower? Room echo much?
  6. @shanihunter6565 [5 likes]: My mother recently passed of pancreatic cancer, would it be a safe guess that this medication is not right for me?
  7. @ginamarie92 [5 likes]: Just started this today, along with Farxiga and increase my metformin. This is my last ditch effort before going to insulin. Hoping it works. I was doing no sugar, low carb diet and it was still testing high. My A1c went up to 11.1!
  8. @juliaruxton3646 [3 likes]: When I was diagnosed the 7 mg I had terrible side effects. Nausea, stomach cramps and severe diarrhoea, headaches. This really didn’t suit me.
  9. @stellagroove1725 [3 likes]: Does this causes frequent urinating?
  10. @maryannbolobanic9801 [2 likes]: What about rectal bleeding.
  11. @lixieinthebulding [2 likes]: CAn you take it if I not a diabetic
  12. @robertjanowski710 [2 likes]: I was on victosa for 6 months.   Had to get off after deductible reset.  It went from free to $900.00 a month.  My a1c went from 8.7 to 5.2. With the victosa.  Before victosa I was on faxiga 15mg  metformin 1000mg for several years.  A1c stayed in the 8s. Went higher over the holiday winter months. 
I'm on Rybelsus now ($10 a month)  I got my first month from the Dr.  3.mg.  my morning readings went from 110 to 350 while on the 3mg.  I got the 7mg and started taking it within the 2nd week of the 3mg.  No issues.  I've been on the 7mg for 1 month today.  I've had to go on an almost straight protein diet just to keep my readings  throughout the day in the 200s.  I'm also taking 500 mg of metformin twice a day.   Waiting to see if I'll be put on the 14mg today.
I'm a very active person. Work out side   Age 47. 5'10" 228 pounds,  size 36 pants,  46 reg top.  4 angiograms ( ages 35, 37, 45, 46) with 6 stent placements.
  13. @ahmedaqeel839 [2 likes]: is this available in market?
  14. @woeihwang [1 likes]: A terrible product
  15. @TheGalwayfan [1 likes]: DH is on 1,000 mgs of metformin 2x daily
4 mgs glimipride 2x daily 
40 units Levimer in the evening
Now starting Rybelsus once daily.
He has sick sinus syndrome/ with a pacemaker. He's 70 yrs. old. I feel he's being over medicated. His bp is excellent, his arteries are clear. He does take Losartan and a cholesterol med because the ADA says he has to. I don't want to find him face down on the kitchen with agonal breathing again. That happened when he was on Jardiance. Still not sure about the sick sinus diagnosis. He plain refuses to follow a low carb diet. He eats chips and bread and butter all day long. Now that he's started this new junk, he has diet jello and a half a sandwich daily. He hasn't cut down on any medications. I'm worried sick 🙁
  16. @Fgdfgyrdfhjkkbgff [1 likes]: I came across this video as I was searching why I had a full torso, back and arms painful rash for a day after taking my first 3mg of Rybelsus. :( What is this doctor? Have you ever heard of this?
  17. @SugarMDs [1 likes]: 𝐁𝐮𝐲 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐌𝐃 𝐍𝐞𝐮𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐒𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐃𝐈𝐀𝐕𝐈𝐓𝐀𝐌𝐈𝐍, 𝐖𝐄𝐈𝐆𝐇𝐓 𝐋𝐎𝐒𝐒 𝐅𝐎𝐑𝐌𝐔𝐋𝐀-𝐅𝐀𝐓 𝐁𝐔𝐑𝐍𝐄𝐑
https://sugarmds.com/

𝐁𝐔𝐘 𝐃𝐫. 𝐄𝐫𝐠𝐢𝐧'𝐬 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐔𝐥𝐭𝐢𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐃𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐁𝐨𝐨𝐤- Discounted 50 percent for the new year- offer ends at the end of January! 
https://sugarmds.com/product/the-ultimate-diabetes-book-hardcover/
  18. @SugarMDs: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

𝐕𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐭 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬.𝐜𝐨𝐦 𝐨𝐫 𝐄𝐭𝐬𝐲.𝐜𝐨𝐦/𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐩/𝐬𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬 (𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐧𝐨𝐧-𝐔𝐒𝐀 𝐜𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐫𝐬) 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐌𝐃 𝐝𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐝 𝐠𝐥𝐮𝐜𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐧𝐞𝐮𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞.
  19. @workfromhome411_: I am looking for a medicine that helps prevent blindness. My husband is showing early signs of diabetic retina issues. We are going to the doctor tomorrow. Would Rybelsus be a good choice?
  20. @earlyrijna6118: 4:28

- On Rybelsus or Considering? Know These!: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys this is dr ahmed ergen i'm an endocrinologist and a diabetes education specialist i practice in florida and new york virtually and physically i'm in port st lucie florida and then we see patients physically in person will see florida since i cannot be in multiple places so in any rate today we are going to talk about rebelsis rebels is on the tv you guys are hearing about it you're seeing about it and in my clinic patients are always asking hey doc you know what about rebels although they may be on a similar medication but they don't know what it is so they ask questions and i i understand it and the commercials can be very confusing you know like you look at it at the end they talk about all these horrible side effects and you're like oh my god you know i'd rather not do that but then you feel like desperate because you feel like you need the medication then what do you do ask your doctor good one all right so you need to ask your doctor now if your doctor does not have enough knowledge then you go to a specialist that will be people like me it doesn't have to be me but an endocrinologist in your area if you want to do virtual visits we do that as well for florida and new york residents only now i'm not here to promote rebelsis again they are not paying or sponsoring this video by no means but my whole purpose is for you to make an independent decision because unfortunately sometimes your doctor does not give you enough information you're shy to ask etc etc i hope this video will serve that purpose so you can understand about this new medication now rebel says is actually pretty much the same molecule of ozempic so you probably see those commercials about ozempic as well so what's the difference well ozempic is the injectable form it's injectable once a week robelsus is a pill on the other hand so rebels the appeal ozone gives an injection ozone because once a week robust is once a day we're going to talk about the mechanism of action of this medication but before that i want you to understand the exact differences between the two injectable versus the oral with the rebels says you have to take it early in the morning you have to have an empty stomach and you have to wait at least 30 minutes after taking it with a couple sips of water with the ozen pig there is none of that you just do once a week a small tiny injection a lot of people actually in my clinic prefer ozone pick over balances just because of the convenience factor less once a week injection if they already only some sort of injection they don't mind that they know injection is not a big deal very super tiny needle now uh rubellas is a pill for people who are scared of injections now how do they work basically these are 95 similar to a gastrointestinal hormone made by your body we call them incretin or glp1 so the job of that hormone glp1 okay or incretins so these are hormones that are screeded by your gut when you eat food to tell your pancreas bam pancreas right here hey buddy make some insulin we need insulin because this guy has some carbs and we gotta take this carbohydrates and sugar to the muscles so he can go work out not that he can go sit down okay so that is the purpose of these hormones to let your pancreas that there's food in your system now what happens when you have diabetes it's not just your pancreas is dead it's not necessarily dead these hormones are not doing their job so when you eat your body has no idea that there's food in your system so as a result you know you're eating and you think that oh my pancreas doesn't do anything you know i think i need insulin no you don't need insulin you need to fix these hormones first okay so you need to fix this hormone so your pancreas is informed that there's food in your system now what's interesting when they do studies you know these medications the jlp one on ingredients including mimetics we call them because they're mimickers mimetics is like a mimicker so your body doesn't know the difference so when you give the medication you know when there's food it alerts the pancreas so what happens is you know when you take these medications your insulin boost up so much so much in a good way because your body makes insulin only when you need unless you are on other agents such as glyphoside glyburide or gallium pyride or any type of insulin you do not have a high risk of low blood sugars from this because you know your pancreas stops working when your blood sugars are below 90 milligram per deciliter so with that you know it's very safe it's very safe but of course there are side effects which we'll talk about when i say very safe not necessarily it's not side effect free but they are in a good way because like they don't cause weight gain they actually help with the weight loss because they make you feel full which is one of the side effects of the medication you feel full so you cannot necessarily finish your plate or your sandwich or whatever you're eating so you're going to be able to have much less food and you're going to be able to fast for a long time let's say you're on metformin or this medication okay then you can really go for a long fast without having to worry about having a low blood sugar now it can still happen occasionally in a rare patient but typically in most patients low blood sugar does not happen when you are on agents like this unless you're on another agent that does that such as we talked about something utility or insulin then you know instead of stopping this medication what we end up doing is we end up cutting back on those cell phone ureas and insulin and that way you know we are able to reduce those medications that causes weight gain and low blood sugar or eliminate them actually it's not uncommon you know we do this all the time my goal in my clinic is to get people off the insulin to get people off the sulphur and urea agents such as glucoside glyceride glymopride because they cause weight gain they cause low blood sugar they're not fun again we do dietary approach but we use the right medications to get the job done we also have our own supplement now which is great the reason we came up with the supplement is a lot of people cannot afford these medications you know that rebels is like 600 bucks or something and the ozenpic is like 800 or sometimes people literally come and yell at me they're like dog what are you doing are you trying to you know empty my bank account i'm like look you know i i'm not i'm not in charge of these drugs you know they do their own thing it's all about regulations they have to spend billions of dollars to satisfy requirements legally you know the fda requirements it's a lot of work for on their side and they have to make their money so but i'm here i'm the doctor i'm just trying to choose the best one for you but on the other hand we tend to forget the power of the nature i used to be one of those guys who will say oh supplements don't work don't try whatever only stick with these but then i start opening my mind to my patients listening to my patients and realize that some of these supplements work not all of them but some of them work and it is hard for you to guys to cherry pick so i said you know why don't i do that i can choose cherry pick those medications or the supplements for these people who cannot afford these expensive medications or their insurance doesn't cover it or they don't want to get into this because you know there's labels about them like cancer labels you know and we'll talk about it in a second but the people get scared and from these medications so sometimes you just want to go natural and for those people we created this sugar md advanced glucose support after years of listening to my patients i came up with a formula that will bring your blood sugar down so back to the rebelsis though i mean they're good drugs as i said you will also when you look at the commercials you will hear things like oh well you can if you have cancer in your family don't take this drug don't take rebelsis if you or your family ever have medullary thyroid cancer you know uh listen to that carefully though you know they're talking about a very specific cancer which is medullary it's not a thyroid cancer it's a medullary thyroid cancer which is super rare form of thyroid cancer and you know i'm a tired with specialists too and i see those cancers like once in a blue moon it's not like common even with these medications being widely used and also they talk about pancreatic cancer if you have a first degree family member with it now on the other hand though the studies do not show the human studies do not show increased risk of cancer if that was the case fda would never allow this to be on the market in animal studies in rat studies though some rats develop these cancers and the mechanism is not well explained but what we are trying to do here i think it's mostly dose-related and some of these rats are prone to it so you know the rats versus humans are not a direct match so as a result uh definitely if you have a family history of medallion cancer or pancreatic cancer avoid them if you don't i don't think there is too much to worry about so i've been using these drugs for 10 years now since they came to the market and they have been safe and effective as i said expensive yes side effects they can cause increased satiety they can cause nausea some people vomit from it so if you're vomiting don't stay on this medication if you're nauseous it tends to go away if you can't put up with it some people use onto nausea medications for for a while but generally the side effects last a few weeks diarrhea can happen diarrhea sometimes sticks around for a long time it's not a fun side effect as well so especially if you're a metformin already suffering from diarrhea approach with caution to these drugs as i said they are effective when they work people love it when it comes to side effects people hate it so i guess you know you can definitely try they are definitely better than a lot of other medications better than insulin better than something yurious that is what i'm gonna say today so guys if you liked the video make sure you write a comment ask questions and we will try to answer all your questions and make sure you share this video talk to you later you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SugarMDs [6 likes]: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

𝐕𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐭 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬.𝐜𝐨𝐦 𝐨𝐫 𝐄𝐭𝐬𝐲.𝐜𝐨𝐦/𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐩/𝐬𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬 (𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐧𝐨𝐧-𝐔𝐒𝐀 𝐜𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐫𝐬) 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐌𝐃 𝐝𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐝 𝐠𝐥𝐮𝐜𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐧𝐞𝐮𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞.
  2. @tecno8335 [3 likes]: Nothing beats Diet and exercise guys...NOTHING.
  3. @barbarafallin2038 [2 likes]: Rybelsus is for diabetes ,not for weight loss, its Ozempic in a pill form
  4. @rain7096 [2 likes]: 👍
  5. @botodeov57 [1 likes]: Rybelsus in canada is about 275....depending what pharmacy you use....the biggest concern i have is the huge increase in tablet milligrams i.e. 7mg and 14mgs daily....a deeper dive shows that the higher dosage is needed because the digestive system destroys alot of the GLP-1 before it gets into your system....thus the higher dosage needed. On the other hand, it was shown that the higher dose of Rybelsus 14mg...is equivalent to 0.5mg of Ozempic and therefore the higher cost of Rybelsus is not justified....you would be better off taking Ozempic and better yet Wygovy seems to have more favorable results.....
  6. @eddalea [1 likes]: Thank you, Dr.Ergin, as usual, very informative.  I've just been prescribed this dru,  and the possible side effects jscared the life out of me and still do!  However, I will give it a go as i do not want to go on insulin.
  7. @FlavioMarceloSousa35: I take Rybelsus daily for weight loss and it works beautifully. I've lost almost 20 kg already, exercise and fasting weren't working anymore.
  8. @RosarioDiMarco-e7l: Ho preso Rybelsus per tre mesi, ho avuto molti EFFETTI COLLATERALI gravi..😮👎
  9. @lupelopez403: I am a pre-diabetes person and I had colorectal cancer I finished w Radiation and Quimo like a year ago should I take Rybelsus ?
  10. @Redcrown48: Could this lead to vision loss?
  11. @MsBizzy888: Yelp,about my doc less knowledge
  12. @nathanielfuentes5294: Great info. But hard to listen to this Dr with his cadence and pronunciation
  13. @ThresnVoltioPrebine: 视频内容非常有趣！有些事我不明白：我的okx钱包里面有usdt，我有恢复短语。【pride】-【pole】-【obtain】-【together】-【second】-【when】-【future】-【mask】-【review】-【nature】-【potato】-【bulb】: 我应该如何把它们变成比特币？
  14. @joycedugas4550: 😢 Duh-Duh-Duh. Bye!
  15. @saileelacm5765: I didn't loose any lb
  16. @lilliangarcia5984: Can I take if I take thyroid medication ??
  17. @tammyt8306: Can I take two 14g of rybelsus? I used to take 1mg of ozempic years ago.
  18. @shrutishinde9124: What would be the safe  dose to start with
  19. @vaishalidhemare9759: Can without diabetic people take it for weight loss ? Pl guide
  20. @TallyRocky: Too much chaff and not enough wheat in this vid.

- सेमाग्लूटाइड (Rybelsus Tablet) लेने का सही तरीका | Rybelsus Semaglutide tablets side effects: Kind: captions Language: hi डायबिटीज आज के इस दौर का सबसे बड़ा लाइफस्टाइल और एंडोक्राइन हेल्थ प्रॉब्लम है और हम सब जानते हैं कि डायबिटीज को जितना अच्छे से नियंत्रण में रखते हैं उतना ही डायबिटीज से आने वाले कॉम्प्लिकेशन से हम बच सकते हैं और इसीलिए डायबिटीज को सही तरीके से कंट्रोल में रखना बहुत ज्यादा जरूरी है अब जब हम उसका कंट्रोल में और मैनेजमेंट की बात करते हैं तो बहुत सारी टाइप की दवाइयां आ गई है मार्केट में और मेडिकल साइंस रोज प्रतिदिन बदलते जा रहा है और नई-नई एडवांस वाली दवाइयां मार्केट में आती रहती है और यह जो नई दवाइयां है उसके ऊपर भी बहुत सारे सालों का रिसर्च हुआ रहता है क्लिनिकल ट्रायल्स हुए रहते हैं उसके बाद में यह लोगों के इस्तेमाल तक पहुंचती है और जितनी नई यह दवाइयां है उसमें उतना ही ज्यादा बेनिफिशियल इफेक्ट पाया जाता है और इसीलिए बहुत सी बार आप आपकी दवाइयों के प्रिस्क्रिप्शन में आपके ट्रीटिंग डॉक्टर नए वाली एडवांस वाली गोलियों को भी इस्तेमाल करते हैं और ऐसे ही गोलियों में से एक गोली है जिसको हम कहते हैं जी एल पीव रिसेप्टर एगोनिस्ट जिसका केमिकल कंपोजीशन है सेमा ग्लूटा इड और भारत में इसकी गोलिया उपलब्ध है ब्रांड नेम रिबल सस के माध्यम से यह रिबेल्स की गोली न सा और 14 मिलीग्राम के डोज में उपलब्ध है जब भी किसी भी मरीज को नई और पहली बार जब यह दवाई दी जाती है तो सबसे पहले उनकी साइड इफेक्ट की समस्या आती है जी मचलना नोजिया और उल्टिया होना और वोमिटिंग और यह जो साइड इफेक्ट है ना यह बहुत ज्यादा कॉमन साइड इफेक्ट है लगभग हर एक इंसान को इससे गुजरना पड़ता है लेकिन जबी भी मरीज को ऐसे साइड इफेक्ट होते हैं तो खुद के लिए यह हैंडल करना डिफ ल्ट होता है बहुत जदा मरीजों को ऐसा भी लगता है कि गोलियां सूट नहीं कर रही है और दवाइयां बंद कर देते हैं तो आज के इस वीडियो में मैं आपको बताने वाली हूं कि कैसे ऐसी ट्रिक्स है जो अगर आप इस्तेमाल करते हैं तो यह गोली से आने वाले आप कॉमन साइड इफेक्ट से बच सकते हैं और जिससे कि आपकी दवाइयां भी अच्छे से कंटिन्यू रह पाए आपको उसका मैक्सिमम फायदा भी हो और एट द सेम टाइम नुकसान भी कम हो क्या है वो टिप्स एंड ट्रिक्स उसी के बारे में आज हम बात करेंगे नमस्ते दर्शकों स्वागत है आपका मेरे इस के बारे में उनको बताया जाता है और साथ-साथ में वह साइड इफेक्ट को कम कैसे किया जाए उसके बारे में भी डिस्कशन हुआ रहता है लेकिन जरूरी नहीं है कि जो भी डॉक्टर आपको ट्रीट कर रहे हैं वह शायद से आपको इतना टाइम दे पाए और आपको इसके बारे में डिटेल इंफॉर्मेशन द और इसीलिए और बहुत सी बार डॉक्टर की चाह तो होती है आपको बताने की लेकिन टाइम की पाबंदी के वजह से बहुत सी बार वो रह जाता है तो यह वीडियो का माध्यम इसीलिए है ताकि वह जो गैप है कम्युनिकेशन गैप है उसको हम कम करें और आपको रिबेल्स के बारे में ज्यादा जानकारी दे तो सबसे पहले हम यह समझते हैं कि यह दवा का जो साइड इफेक्ट है जी मचलना और उल्टिया कब ज्यादा होता है दो सिचुएशन में यह प्रॉब्लम ज्यादा पाई जाती है पहला जब यह दवाई नई नई आपके शरीर में शुरू की गई है तब आप ये दवा कभी नहीं रहे थे अचानक से दवाई आई है तो नई शुरुआत हुई है तब यह प्रॉब्लम आता है दूसरा प्रॉब्लम तब आता है जब डॉक्टर ने आपकी दवा का खुराक बढ़ाया है जब डोज को बढ़ाते हैं तभी भी बहुत से मरीजों को यह प्रॉब्लम्स आते हैं तो यह दो सिचुएशन में यह प्रॉब्लम का आना सबसे ज्यादा कॉमन होता है और यह जो प्रॉब्लम जो है ना यह भी कुछ दिनों के लिए ही रहता है यह जो प्रॉब्लम है ये जो साइड इफेक्ट है ये लाइफ फलंग का नहीं है तो आप डिस्कस मत होइए यह कुछ दिनों के लिए ही रुकने वाला है धीरे-धीरे जैसे ही वो दवा आपके शरीर में एडजस्ट होती है आपको यह वाले साइड इफेक्ट भी चले जाएंगे और इसीलिए आज के इस वीडियो में मैं जो टिप्स एंड ट्रिक्स बता रही हूं हो सकता है आपको कुछ दिनों के लिए ही व तराज रखनी है धीरे-धीरे आप वो एहतियात से दूर भी हो सकते हैं ओके तो सबसे पहली टिप क्या है वो है आपका दवाई का टाइट्रेस जी हां जैसे कि वीडियो के शुरुआत में मैंने बताया यह दवा तीन खुराक में आज की तारीख में अवेलेबल है 3 मिग्रा 7 मिलीग्राम और 14 मिग्रा तो जब आप ये दवा पहली बार शुरू कर रहे हैं तो आप ये दवा का खुराक सबसे कम से कम क्वांटिटी यानी 3 मिलीग्राम की गोली से शुरू कर सकते हैं ऑफकोर्स जरूरी नहीं है कि यह डोज आप खुद तय करने वाले हैं ये आपके ट्रीटिंग डॉक्टर तय करने वाले हैं ओके ऑफकोर्स आपके डॉक्टर को यह दबा के ये साइड इफेक्ट के बारे में जानकारी है उनको पता है और इसीलिए अक्सर डॉक्टर छोटे डोज से ही शुरुआत करते हैं और जैसे ही छोटे डोज से शुरुआत किया है जैसे ही वो दवा आपके शरीर में एडजस्ट होती है उसके 30 दिन यानी कम से कम एक महीने के बाद में ही हम यह दवा को धीरे-धीरे करके बढ़ाते हैं अगर दवाई बहुत तेजी से इसके डोज को बढ़ा दिया जाए तो यह प्रॉब्लम आ सकता है तो आप आपके ट्रीटिंग डॉक्टर को मिलिए और बात कीजिए कि दवा कैसे आप अप टाइट्रेट करने वाले हैं ठीक है दूसरी पॉइंट इंपॉर्टेंट है आपकी डाइट के ऊपर देखिए यह जो दवा जो है ना यह कार्य कैसे करती है जभी भी कोई भी मरीज सेमा ग्लूटाट की दवा लेता है तो उसकी असर होती है उनके पाचन तंत्र के ऊपर उनका डाइजेशन जो होता है उसके ऊपर दवा लेने के बाद में आपको भूख कम लगेगी और यह स्वाभाविक बात है और यह अक्सर सभी लोगों में होता है और इसीलिए यही एक दवा का मेन मैकेनिज्म ऑफ एक्शन है यह मैं खास क्यों कह रही हूं क्योंकि अक्सर डायबिटीज जब बहुत लंबे वक्त का रहता है ना तो लोगों के दिमाग में कुछ चीजें जो है बहुत स्ट्रांग प्रिंट हो जाती है जैसे कि अगर मुझे डायबिटीज है तो मुझे दिन में कम से कम तीन से पांच बार खाना है दोदो घंटों पर मुझे खाते रहना है मैं नहीं खाऊंगा तो मेरा शुगर डाउन हो जाएगा मुझे इतना तो कम से कम खाना खाना ही है यह सभी बातें और यह सभी पॉइंट मरीजों के और उनके रिलेटिव के दिमाग में बहुत स्ट्रांग छपे हुए रहते हैं जब शुरुआत जब की जाती है रिबेल्स की जैसी दवाइयों से जिससे भूख कम लग जाती है तो लेकिन मरीज को भूख तो कम लगी है लेकिन उनका दिमाग यही कहता है कि मुझे तो पांच बार खाना है मुझे तो हर दो घंटे प खाना है मुझे इतना खाना ही है वरना तो मुझे प्रॉब्लम होगा और जब यह दो चीजें का इंबैलेंस होता है उल्टिया जी उबल बहुत ज्यादा कॉमन हो जाता है इसीलिए आपको यह सब बातों को ख्याल में रखना जरूरी है कि जबी भी आप सेमा ग्लूटाट को लेते हैं तो आपकी भूख कम होने वाली है और इसको आप मेंटली एक्सेप्ट कीजिए ओके आपको कब खाना है खाना तब है जब आपके शरीर में सच में भूख लग रही है आपको आपकी बॉडी के इंडिकेशन को सुनना है अगर आपकी बॉडी कह रही है कि मुझे भूख नहीं लगी है तो आपको उस वक्त प खाना नहीं खाना है भले ही दोपहर का 1 बज गया लंच टाइम हो चुका है आपको घड़ी के हिसाब से नहीं खाना है आपको आपकी बॉडी के इंडिकेशन के हिसाब से खाना है अक्सर लोगों की भूख कम लग जाती है खाना तभी खाइए जब आपको भूख लगी हो ओके लेकिन इसके साथ-साथ में आपको एक और इंपॉर्टेंट पॉइंट मैं कहना चाहती हूं बहुत से मरीजों को डायबिटीज को ठीक करने के लिए इंसुलिन है या तो फिर हाइपोग्लाइसेमिक जैसी दवाइयां जैसे कि ग्लिम पराइड ग्लिकलाज इड ऐसी गोलियां दी जाती है ओके जो दवाइया अपने आप में लो शुगर कर सकती है तो प्लीज आप आपके ट्रीटिंग डॉक्टर को पूछिए कि यह दवाइयों के साथ में आपको डाइट में कैसे चेंजेज करना है क्योंकि अगर आपने खाना नहीं खाया और ऐसे हाइपो ग्लामिक दवाइयां ले रहे हैं तो हो सकता है आपका शुगर डाउन जाए और आपको प्रॉब्लम लेके आए और इसीलिए इंडिविजुअल केस टू केस आप आपके ट्रीटिंग डॉक्टर से भी बात कर सकते हैं अगर आप सिर्फ और सिर्फ सेमा ग्लूटा इड वाली दवा ले रहे हैं तो फिर आपको आपके डाइट में मेजर चेंजेज करने जरूरी हो जाएंगे ओके तो खाना कब खाना है जब शरीर में सच में भूख लगे तब ना कि घड़ी में टाइम हो गया है लंच टाइम का तो तब ठीक है दूसरा जैसे ही आप खाना खाएंगे आपकी भूख कम हुई है तो समझिए कि एग्जांपल के तौर पर आप रोज तीन रोटी खा रहे हैं ओके क्योंकि आपने सेमा ग्लूटाट लिया है तो आपकी भूख कम हो गई आपने एक रोटी खाई और पेट भर गया तो जैसे ही आपकी बॉडी ने आपको बताया कि पेट भर चुका है तो उस वक्त प आप रुक भी जाइए जबरदस्ती अगर आप ज्यादा खाएंगे ओवरईट करेंगे तो जी मचलना और उल्टिया ज्यादा कॉमन होती है ओके यानी आपको खाना तब है जब बॉडी मांग रही है तब खाना रुक भी तब जाना है जब आपकी बॉडी इंडिकेट कर रही है तब लोगों को लगता है तीन रोटी मैं रोज खाता हूं आज नहीं खाऊंगा तो मेरा शुगर डाउन हो जाएगा ऐसे डिफेंसिव ईटिंग से भी आपको बचना है ओके तो खाने पे आपको ज्यादा ध्यान देना जरूरी है सेकंड जब आप खाना खाते हैं तो खाने को अच्छे से चू करना है चबाना है जितना आप खाना अच्छे से चबाए उतना ही उसका का डाइजेशन ठीक होगा और क्योंकि सेमा ग्लूटाट डाइजेस्टिव सिस्टम पर एक्ट करती है इसीलिए जितना अच्छे से चबा के खाएंगे आपका वोमिटिंग और नोजिया सेंसेशन कम हो जाता है ओके नेक्स्ट क्या खाना खाना है ये भी बहुत मायने रखता है जितना हो सके आप स्टीम किया है उबाला हुआ है ग्रिल किया हुआ है ओवन में पकाया हुआ खाना है ऐसा खाना खाइए ओके तला हुआ बहुत ज्यादा घी बटर चीज मक्खन डाला हुआ हां ऐसे ग्रीसी फूड से आपको बचना है आजकल लोग सैलेड खाते हैं लेकिन उसमें भी बहुत ज्यादा मेयोनेज़ डाला हुआ सैलेड ड्रेसिंग खाते हैं ऐसे चीजी ग्रीसी खाओगे तो नोजिया वोमिटिंग ज्यादा होता है जितना हो सके सिंपल खाना आपको खाना है ओके सेकंड डे जब आप खाना खा रहे हैं तो घर पे बनाया हुआ घर का पकाया हुआ खाना ज्यादा डाइजेशन सिस्टम के लिए इ होता है वैसा खाना खाए बाजार में से मिला हुआ रेडी टू ईट है प्रोसेस्ड फूड है हां या तो रेस्टोरेंट में बना हुआ बहुत ज्यादा तेल चीज बटर मक्खन से डाला हुआ बहुत ज्यादा स्पाइसी खाना खाओगे तो आपको नोजिया वोमिटिंग की शिकायत ज्यादा होती है ओके नेक्स्ट आपकी बॉडी पोजीशन कैसी है खाने के बाद में वो भी मैटर करती है बहुत सी बार लोगों को आदत होती है खाना खाने के बाद में कुछ आधा एक घंटा लेट जाए सो जाए ओके है अगर आप ऐसा करेंगे तो आपको नोजिया वोमिटिंग ज्यादा हो सकती है क्योंकि हमारी जैसे बॉडी पोजीशन चेंज होती है ना वैसे हमारा स्टमक और हमारा जो सोफे गस है जो खाने की जो नली है उसके बीच में एक वाल्व आता है वो वाल्व की पोजीशन चेंज हो जाती है अगर आप लेट जाएंगे तोय वाल्व की पोजीशन चेंज होगी और ज्यादा करके लोगों को लगता है खाना ऊपर आ रहा है और इसीलिए खाने के बाद में इमीडिएट आप लेटने से बचे उतना ही नहीं बहुत लोगों को आदत होती है खाना खाने के बाद में 10-15 मिनट ब्रिस्क वॉक करें बहुत सी बार कुछ लोगों को ऐसे ब्रिस्क वॉक करने के बाद में भी खाना ऊपर आता है ऐसा महसूस होता है तो इससे भी बचे तो खाना अगर आपने खाया है रुकिए थोड़ा वक्त उसके बाद में आप वॉक कर सकते हैं तुरंत खाना खाने के बाद में आप वॉकिंग से बचे ओके डेफिनेटली मैं ये नहीं कह रही हूं कि आपको वॉकिंग नहीं करनी है वॉकिंग करना है लेकिन टाइमिंग ऑफ द वॉकिंग पे आपको ध्यान देना जरूरी है ओके सेकंड बहुत सी बार लोग जब भी खाना खाने के टाइम पर लिक्विड का इस्तेमाल करते हैं तो लिक्विड में भी आपको कुछ बातों का ध्यान देना है ओके जब लिक्विड पी रहे है तो जितना हो सके बहुत ज्यादा स्ट्रांग स्पाइसे डाला हुआ लिक्विड से आप बचे लिक्विड पीने के वक्त पे आपको बहुत ज्यादा स्ट्रॉ काम उपयोग नहीं करना है उतना ही नहीं हाइड्रेशन के लिए एडिक्ट हाइड्रेशन के लिए आप क्लियर वेजिटेबल सूप है अगर आप नॉनवेज खा आते तो नॉन वेजिटेरियन सूप आप ले सकते हैं ज्यादा तले ज्यादा शक्कर डाले हुए कोल्ड ड्रिंक है ओके या तो फिर एनर्जी ड्रिंक्स है उससे आप बचे उससे प्रॉब्लम और बढ़ती है ओके तो इन चीजों को आपको ध्यान देना है सेकंड बहुत बार लोगों को आदत होती है रात को सोने के पहले बेड टाइम स्नैक खाते हैं तो बहुत बार बेड टाइम स्नैक के बाद में भी लोगों को नोजिया वोमिटिंग ज्यादा होती है तो उससे भी आप बच सकते हैं ओके सेकंड क्योंकि जी मचलना है यह जरूरी है कि खाने से ही हो यह खाने की खुशबू से भी हो सकता है खाने खाना देखने से भी हो सकता है और इसीलिए बहुत ज्यादा जहां प खुशबू आ रही है जैसे कि किचन में तड़का लग रहा है ओके बहुत ज्यादा लहसुन प्याज का छौ का लगा है ऐसे स्ट्रांग स्मेल से भी बहुत लोगों को नोजिया वोमिटिंग ट्रिगर होती तो अगर आपको ऐसा हो रहा है तो उसे थोड़े दिनों के लिए बचे ओके तो ये सब आप ट्राई कर सकते हैं प्रॉब्लम से बचने के लिए ऑलराइट अगर आपको वोमिटिंग हो रही है तो क्या करेंगे डेफिनेटली देखे कि वोमिटिंग कितनी सीवियर है उस हिसाब से आप आपके ट्रीटिंग डॉक्टर से बात कीजिए अगर वोमिटिंग हो रही है तो बॉडी में फ्लूइड का कम हो जाना कॉमन सी बात है वैसे केसेस में फ्लूइड को रिप्लेस कीजिए ज्यादा से ज्यादा मात्रा में पानी पिए क्लियर अ लेमन वाटर है वैसा पी सकते हैं सूप ले सकते हैं ओके जितना आपका बॉडी लिक्विड थ्रो गलो आउट कर रहा है उतना आप इलेक्ट्रोलाइट भरा हुआ रिप्लेसमेंट करें वरना तो आगे चलके यह आपको डिहाइड्रेशन और किडनी पर भी असर ला सकता है ओके सेकंड अगर नोजिया फीलिंग आती है तो बहुत लोगों को कुछ टिप्स है वो ज्यादा हेल्प करती है मुंह में आप छोटा सा इलायची है लौंग का या तो फिर आप अदरक का टुकड़ा रख सकते हैं बहुत लोगों को ये फायदा करता है कुछ-कुछ लोग अपने मुंह में तुलसी का पत्ता है या तो फिर पुदीने का पत्ता रखते हैं वो भी उनको काफी हेल्प करता है तो देखिए आपको कुछ ऐसे आपको कोई यूनिक फूड प्रोडक्ट अगर आपने मुंह में रख दिया कुछ वक्त के लिए तो आपको नोजिया अगर कम हो रही है तो बहुत अच्छी बात है और अगर आपके खुद के कुछ ऐसे टिप है जो आपने खुद ने इस्तेमाल किए और आपको अगर उसका फायदा हुआ है तो नीचे कमेंट बॉक्स है उसमें लिखिए क्योंकि बहुत लोग ये कमेंट्स पढ़ते हैं उनको भी आपकी ये टिप से फायदा हो सकता है और उनका भी भला हो जाएगा तो आप डेफिनेटली लिखेगा ओके तो ये कुछ टिप्स एंड ट्रिक्स है जो अगर आप बराबर से एति आद रखेंगे तो रिबेल्स और सेमा ग्लूटाट से आने वाले यह साइड इफेक्ट से आप बच सकते हैं ओके डेफिनेटली दवा का यह साइड इफेक्ट बहुत कॉमन है तकरीबन सब लोगों को होता है अकेले आप ही को हो रहा है ऐसा नहीं है तो प्लीज शुरुआत के स्टेज में थोड़ी धीरज रखिए पेशेंस रखिए ताकि दवा आपके शरीर में एडजस्ट हो जाए और धीरे-धीरे दवा एडजस्ट हो ही जाती है और ये जो साइड इफेक्ट है ये भी निकल जाते हैं ये साइड इफेक्ट फैक्ट जैसे कि वीडियो के शुरू में मैंने बताया दो ही सिचुएशन में ज्यादा होते शुरुआत के स्टेज में और जब डोज को बढ़ाते हैं तब और कुछ दिनों में ये ऑटोमेटिक एडजस्ट हो जाता है दवा बंद करने की अक्सर जरूरत नहीं पड़ती है ऑफकोर्स कुछ केसेस में हो सकता है लेकिन तकरीबन ये वेल टॉलरेटेड दवाई है बहुत ज्यादा किफायती है बहुत ज्यादा इफेक्टिव है डायबिटीज पे तो अच्छी असर लाता ही है साथ-साथ में बॉडी के वजन पे भी इसका अच्छा इंपैक्ट पाया है तो दवा कतई मत कीजिएगा अपने डॉक्टर को पूछे बगैर ऑलराइट तो ये थे रिबेल्स और सिमा ग्लूटाट के कुछ इंपॉर्टेंट टिप्स ओके अगर आप यह दवा पहली बार ले रहे हैं तो प्लीज आपको यह दवा के बारे में विशेष और डिटेल में जानकारी होना जरूरी है उसके लिए मैंने एक अलग वीडियो बनाया है आप चाहे तो उस वीडियो को देखिएगा सेकंड मैंने ये टॉपिक पे और एक वीडियो बनाया है क्योंकि अक्सर बहुत से लोग जिनको डायबिटीज होता है उनको थायरॉयड की समस्या भी होती है और थायराइड की दवाइयां लेते हैं थायराइड की दवाइयां और सेमगलूटाइड का बहुत क्लोज इंटरेक्शन है और दवाइयों के टाइमिंग में कुछ अंतर रखना जरूरी है कैसे यह दवा दोनों अगर आप ले रहे हैं तो ध्यान रखना चाहिए उसके ऊपर भी मैंने अलग वीडियो बनाया है आप चाहे तो उस वीडियो को भी देखिएगा ऑलराइट तो यह सब वीडियोस आपको जागृत करेंगे आपकी सेहत को और अच्छा रखने के लिए अगर वीडियो पसंद आया वीडियो में कुछ जानकारी पसंद आई तो इसको लाइक करना जरूर मत भूलिए अग लाइक बटन है और अगर आप पहली बार आए हैं मेरे चैनल के ऊपर तो प्लीज इसे सब्सक्राइब करना ना भूले आपके सब्सक्रिप्शन मुझे सबसे ज्यादा प्रेरणा देते हैं ऐसे और अच्छे वीडियो बनाऊं ताकि आपके लिए वो फायदेमंद हो और अगर हां आपके कोई भी निजी पर्सनल सवाल है जिसका जवाब आप खोज रहे हैं ढूंढ रहे हैं तो नीचे कमेंट बॉक्स में लिखिए अपने सवाल मैं कोशिश करती हूं आपके सवालों को जल्द से जल्द पढ़ूं और उसका जवाब दूं अगली बार हम वापस मिलेंगे कोई एक महत्त्वपूर्ण अगत वीडियो के साथ तब तक आप अपकी सेहत का ख्याल रखिए नमस्ते

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrTanviMayurPatel [5 likes]: अगर यह वीडियो मददगार रहा हो तो कृपया ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google रिव्यू दें।
If this video helped you, please support us by leaving a ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google Review 🙏
Review link:
 https://g.page/r/CTGjzIvV-uC2EBE/review
  2. @narendrashah3542 [2 likes]: how long to take since cost of 10 tablets is 2500+
  3. @jitendragandhi6530 [1 likes]: Nice information God bless you
  4. @jitenderchopra3224 [1 likes]: Very good video dr sahib
  5. @TabbasumFaiz-j8h7z [1 likes]: Maim i m not diebitic can i take rubulses tablet for weight loss
  6. @SANJAYMALVIYA-e7e: i am non diabetic still we can take this tab...i am 110 kg can i take 7mg from earlier
  7. @madhumj007: Mam plzz tell about what time we should take this medicine and how
  8. @ZEE-eq6vk: Hello mam ..... 
Am diabetic, 53 yrs old, n obesese too. 
Am taking rybelsus started from 3 mg now at 14 mg, am getting too much acidity n Ent issue, is it coz of rybelsus. 
Repeatedly am getting ear infection.... 
Secondly I wanted to know that how long I have to continue this medicine, 14 mg is not suiting me 3 n 7 was better. 
Plus let me know how can I adjust d medicine.
  9. @taniyaroy968: Mam rybelsus cap mai le rahi hu ,lekin khana keya lu muje pata nahi muje sugar nahi hey pls boliye pls
  10. @gracydmello6530: I'm taking this 3mg but i don't feel anything all this
  11. @bedisurjeet1856: Very nice information❤
  12. @faryadelahi8267: 7mg ki dose kya ha
  13. @mahendragurjar2622: Wegove injection લઈ રહયો છું કેટલા સમય સુધી લેવું પડશે. છોડયા પછી વજન ફરીથી વધશે નહીં
  14. @iqrakhaja7784: Hi mam yeh dawai kiasaye khani hai
  15. @Guru-bv3be: मैं पिछले दो महीनों से लगातार 3 mg Rybulsus ले रहा हूं। सुबह की शुरुआत इस टैबलेट से ही होती है।
मेरा बॉडी साइज तो घटा है लेकिन वजन वही है।
मेरी हाइट 6 फीट है और वजन,120 किलो।
क्या मुझे 7 mg पर आ जाना चाहिए?
  16. @drnissarhussainkar2754: Be. On utube for latest medical news superb channel
  17. @ChandrakanthLaxmi: Very good suggestion mam mera suger level rendum 225 semagutaid dose kaisa  aur kitana lena hai
  18. @kamalkarki3937: Doc type one k lea hoga kee nahe
  19. @SubhaReddy-q1w: Good morning dr..I am taking rybelsus 3mg ..i dont have any vomiting and dont have any side effects  ..but didnt control food cravings..feeling like to eat something 

Pancreas damage hotha hai kya in long run please reply
  20. @shekharsedani-u2l: yeh medicine tabhi asar karega agar aap subah pehle uthkar lena cahhiye aur minimum 1 ghante ka break lena nashte ke liya toh hi uska asar hota hai yeh mera experience hai

- Rybelsus (Semaglutide) for Type 2 Diabetes: Oral GLP-1 Benefits & Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en Rebelsis semiglutide uses, benefits, and how it works. Rebelsis, semiglutide, is an FDA approved prescription medication designed to help adults with type 2 diabetes manage their blood sugar levels more effectively, belonging to a class of drugs known as GLP 1 receptor agonists. Rebelsis semiglutide mimics the action of a natural hormone in the body that helps regulate blood sugar. Unlike other GLP1 medications that require injections, rebelsis is the first oral form of semiglutide taken by mouth once daily. It should be taken on an empty stomach at least 30 minutes before eating, drinking, or taking any other oral medications. Rebels is used alongside a healthy diet and regular exercise to improve blood sugar control. In addition to managing blood glucose, rebelsis semiglatide is also FDA approved to lower the risk of major cardiovascular events including heart attack, stroke and heartrelated death in adults with type 2 diabetes who have existing heart disease or are at high risk. What is rebelsis semiglutide used for? To improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes to reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or heart-related death in people with type 2 diabetes and established heart disease or cardiovascular risk. How rebelsis semiglutide works? Rebelsis contains semiglutide a glucagon-l like peptide 1 GLP1 receptor agonist. This medication works by increasing insulin release from the pancreas when blood sugar levels are high, reducing glucose production by the liver, slowing down digestion, which helps prevent spikes in blood sugar after meals. These combined effects help stabilize blood sugar levels throughout the day. Additionally, rebelsis semiglutide can support weight loss, lower blood pressure, and reduce inflammation, contributing to improved heart and kidney health over time. Rebelsis semiglutide side effects. What you need to know like all prescription medications, rebelsis, semiglutide may cause side effects. Many of these are mild and tend to improve over time as your body adjusts to the medication. However, some side effects can be serious and require immediate medical attention. Always discuss any new or worsening symptoms with your health care provider. Common side effects of rebelsis, semiglutide. The most frequently reported side effects of rebelsis semiglutide include nausea 11 to 20%, stomach pain or discomfort 10 to 11%, diarrhea 9 to 10%, reduced appetite 6 to 9%, vomiting 6 to 8%. Constipation 5 to 6%. These side effects are generally mild and temporary. Taking rebels as prescribed and gradually adjusting your diet may help minimize stomach related symptoms. Other possible side effects. Some people taking rebelsis semiglutide may also experience bloating or fullness, indigestion or heartburn, burping or passing gas, acid reflux, dizziness, hair loss, faster than normal heartbeat. If these symptoms persist or become bothersome, consult your health care provider. Serious side effects. When to seek medical help. Although rare, serious side effects can occur while taking Rebelsis semiglutide. Contact your health care provider immediately if you experience any of the following. Possible thyroid tumors. Lump or swelling in the neck. Trouble swallowing. Horarseness or difficulty breathing. Vision changes. Diabetic retinopathy, blurred vision, vision loss, seeing dark spots or changes in color perception. Pancreatitis, inflammation of the pancreas, severe and persistent abdominal or back pain, with or without vomiting, low blood sugar, hypoglycemia, shaking, sweating, dizziness, confusion, or blurred vision, especially if used with other diabetes medications, kidney problems, changes in urination, swelling in the feet or ankles, fatigue or nausea, severe stomach issues, persistent nausea, vomiting, diarrhea or bloating, Gallbladder disease, pain in the upper right abdomen, fever, yellowing of the skin or eyes, jaundice or pale stools, serious allergic reactions, difficulty breathing, rash, hives, swelling of the face or throat or rapid heartbeat. Rebelsis semiglutide dosage forms and typical dosing. Rebelsis semiglatide is an oral medication used to help adults with type 2 diabetes improve blood sugar control and lower the risk of heart related complications. It's available in several tablet strengths to allow for gradual dose adjustments based on individual needs and tolerability. Typical dosing schedule for rebelsis semiglutide. Rebelsis semiglutide is available in two formulations R1 and R2. Although both contain semiglatide, they are not interchangeable and your health care provider will determine which version is appropriate for you. R1 formulation starting dose 3 mg by mouth once daily for the first 30 days. Maintenance dose increase to 7 mg once daily after 30 days. Maximum dose if needed 14 mg once daily. R2 formulation starting dose 1.5 milligrams by mouth once daily for the first 30 days maintenance dose increase to 4 milligrams once daily after 30 days maximum dose if needed 9 mg once daily how to take rebelsis semiglutide take rebels first thing in the morning on an empty stomach swallow the tablet hole with no more than half a cup of water about 4 ounces wait at least 30 minutes other oral medications. Following these instructions helps ensure your body absorbs the medication properly for maximum effectiveness. Rebelsis, semiglutide, contraindications. Certain health conditions make rebelsis semiglutide unsafe to use. Always tell your health care provider if any of the following apply to you. Personal or family history of metalary thyroid carcinoma MTC. Personal history of multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2. Men too. People with these conditions should not take rebelsis as the medication may increase the risk of thyroid tumors. Pharmacist tips for rebelsis. Semaglutide. When taking rebelsis semiglatide, following proper instructions is key to getting the most benefit and minimizing side effects. Here are essential pharmacist recommended tips to help you use rebelsis safely and effectively. How to take rebelsis semiglutide. Take rebelsis semiglutide first thing in the morning right after you wake up and before you eat or drink anything. Swallow the tablet whole with a small amount of plain water. No more than half a cup, around 4 ounces. Do not use other liquids such as coffee, juice, or milk as they can interfere with how your body absorbs the medication. Wait at least 30 minutes before eating, drinking, or taking any other oral medications. This allows rebelsis to be properly absorbed. Swallow the tablet hole. Do not crush, chew, or split it as this can affect the dose and reduce how well the medication works. Missed dose instructions. If you forget to take your dose, skip it and take your next dose at the usual time the following day. Never double your dose to make up for a missed tablet. Lifestyle support for best results. Rebelsis semiglutide works best when used as part of a comprehensive diabetes management plan that includes a balanced nutrient-rich diet, regular physical activity, routine blood sugar monitoring. Ask your health care team for personalized guidance on diet and exercise to support your treatment goals. Managing common side effects. It's normal to experience mild stomach related side effects such as nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, or diarrhea, especially when starting rebelsis or increasing the dose. These effects usually improve as your body adjusts. If they become severe or persistent, talk to your health care provider. Important safety warnings. Pancreatitis, inflammation of the pancreas. Stop taking Rebelsis and contact your health care provider immediately if you develop severe stomach pain. that spreads to your back with or without vomiting, low blood sugar, hypoglycemia. This can occur when rebelsis is taken with other diabetes medications such as insulin or sulfanyl uras. Watch for symptoms like shaking, sweating, dizziness, confusion, or blurred vision. Pregnancy and breastfeeding. If you plan to become pregnant, stop rebelsis at least 2 months before trying to conceive. Do not breastfeed while taking this medication as it can pass into breast milk and its effects on infants are not fully known. By taking Rebelsis semiglatide correctly and following your health care provers advice, you can achieve better blood sugar control, reduce cardiovascular risk, and support your long-term health goals. If you found this video helpful, subscribe to He Info, your trusted source for sciencebacked health information. Leave a comment below if you're currently taking Rebelsis or have questions about managing type 2 diabetes. And don't forget to like and share this video to help others learn how to use Rebels safely and effectively.

- Rybelsus Tablet New Diabetes Drug Which Controls SUGAR Best | नई शुगर  दवा सबसे अच्छा शुगर कण्ट्रोल: Kind: captions Language: hi Dr B K ROY MBBS, MD, DM Endocrinology Senior Diabetes &Hormone Specialist at Apollo Hospital Noida

  Top Comments:
  1. @TabbasumFaiz-j8h7z [1 likes]: can i take tablet for weight loss but i m not diebitic
  2. @gyanfundo3633 [1 likes]: Salute you dear Dr Sahab
  3. @kuldiplalbharti6719 [1 likes]: Price?
  4. @surendrabagaria5965 [1 likes]: Great Doctor Tks a lot for nice information.
  5. @r471ravi [1 likes]: There is lot of confusion about sugar limits. Every Dr says different. Pl advise correct limits fasting and PPBS PL
  6. @r471ravi [1 likes]: Ok for CKD patient? Pl
  7. @pravinparekh1504 [1 likes]: Please see its price n chk whether it is affordable?
  8. @narayandass6945 [1 likes]: Thanks for nice information.
  9. @devvasu8171 [1 likes]: अगर किसी का वेट ऑलरेडी काम हो तो क्या यह मेडिसिन लेनी चाहिए
  10. @VeenuJain-f2p [1 likes]: Very nice presentation by doctor, thks
  11. @rajkumarpandey4085 [1 likes]: sir diabetes m jiska weight km ho to kya krna chahiye
  12. @drpatra1 [1 likes]: Is it recommended for Type2 insulin dependant cases?
  13. @MukeshChandra-t7t: Thyroxin pahle ya ryblesus pahle😅
  14. @pappukumarrai8552: सर ये बताओकी यह दवा कब तक लेनी है दुसरा weight बढाने वाली दवा बताओ ।
जो Diabities के कारन काफी पतले और कमजोर है उसके लिए दवा बताएण जौ दोनो ठिक करे ।जिससे की daibities ऑर दुबला पतला आदमी मोटा हो सके और व्ह ताकतवर भी हो सके
  15. @RambabuKumar-qt9rn: Sir jo bhi t2dm allopathic medicine bana hai o sirf insulin secretion ko bada kar hi work karta beta cell ko reverse nahi kar pa raha hai
  16. @subrataray5227: Simaglutaride reduces body weight.inj is very costly.15000+
  17. @rakeshgupta5533: नाम चीन वाले हॉस्पिटल के डॉक्टर्स को मोटा कमीशन तो मंहगी दवाई पर ही मिलेगा क्या आज से पहले कभी ऐसे विज्ञापन डॉक्टर्स करते थे। प्रैक्टिस से पेट नहीं भर पाए अब दवा कमीशन पर उतर आए सफेद पोश डकैत हैं
  18. @sohailmehboobelahi: Daibetic ko food se control karey ziada se ziada fasting kareyn carbohydrates na lain bakery item band kardain drinks aur bahir ke cane drinks mat piyen
  19. @vijaysagare2392: Send me diabetic medicin
  20. @VinaySingh-r5g: Dr tab rybelsus 3mg.7mg.14 mg. Cost of the above cost of one ten tabletes.

- Endocrinologist shares TOP TIPS to reduce Nausea on Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro, Saxenda and Rybelsus: Kind: captions Language: en-CA There’s plenty of new medications now&nbsp; available for the management of diabetes&nbsp;&nbsp; and/or obesity. Some of these medications might&nbsp; cause nausea/vomiting or stomach upset. In today’s&nbsp;&nbsp; video I will teach you top hacks that I share&nbsp; with my patient to reduce these side effects. &nbsp; Medications that can typically cause nausea&nbsp; include semaglutide- trade name Ozempic or&nbsp;&nbsp; Rybelsus, dulaglutide- trade name Trulicity&nbsp; or liraglutide- trade name Victoza or Saxenda.&nbsp;&nbsp; These agents work by promoting your pancreas to&nbsp; produce insulin. They also slow down the transit&nbsp;&nbsp; time of food through the stomach and work on the&nbsp; hunger centre in the brain, making you feel full.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you’re experiencing nausea/ vomiting&nbsp; or stomach upset on these medications,&nbsp;&nbsp; here are 5 tips that you can try: 1. Start low and go slow: The side effects&nbsp;&nbsp; typically occur depending on the dose. Start the&nbsp; lowest possible dose of the medication and follow&nbsp;&nbsp; your doctor’s instructions on how to increase&nbsp; the dose. If you experience side effects when you&nbsp;&nbsp; move up to a higher dose, go back on the lower&nbsp; dose and stay on it for a little while longer&nbsp;&nbsp; before attempting to increase the dose again 2. Smaller and more frequent meals:&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead of 3 big meals a day, having smaller and&nbsp; more frequent meals while on these medications&nbsp;&nbsp; can significantly lower the risk of nausea.&nbsp; These medications reboot your hunger centre&nbsp;&nbsp; and you might find yourself feeling full&nbsp; even before you’ve consumed the portion sizes&nbsp;&nbsp; that you were previously accustomed to. 3. Listen to your body: These medications&nbsp;&nbsp; may make you feel full for many hours&nbsp; altogether. Listen to your body when on&nbsp;&nbsp; these medications and eat only when you’re hungry 4. Cut out the grease: Fried foods can increase&nbsp;&nbsp; nausea significantly. Limiting the amount of&nbsp; greasy, fatty foods can help overcome the nausea 5. This too shall pass: Perhaps the&nbsp; most reassuring aspect is that for an&nbsp;&nbsp; overwhelming majority of patients, even if&nbsp; they do get the side effects, these tend&nbsp;&nbsp; to decrease in intensity and frequency as&nbsp; time passes and can resolve completely. Try&nbsp;&nbsp; to see if you’re able to stick out with the&nbsp; side effects, which will improve with time. Bonus tip: Certain medications&nbsp;&nbsp; have injection pens that can be “micro titrated”&nbsp; For instance, if you are on Ozempic 0.25 mg/week&nbsp;&nbsp; without nausea but get nausea on the higher&nbsp; dose of 0.5 mg/week, you can try to increase&nbsp;&nbsp; the dose gradually. There are 20 microclicks&nbsp; that the pen turns between 0.25 and 0.50 mg.&nbsp;&nbsp; Try to increase by increments&nbsp; of 5 microclicks each week,&nbsp;&nbsp; which helps the body get gradually&nbsp; accustomed to the increasing dose. So these were my top tips for tolerating&nbsp; nausea/vomiting or stomach upset on diabetes or&nbsp;&nbsp; obesity medications. Don’t forget to like, share&nbsp; and subscribe to my channel for more such tips

  Top Comments:
  1. @KJ-xc6qs [8 likes]: I quit Ozempic because nausea/vomiting never passed, and I was on the lowest dosage.
  2. @stanjones2277 [7 likes]: OMG! You are the only person who explained the microclick concept. I simply had no idea I could titrate down via microclicks! I started Ozempic this April with only constipation on 0.25. I lost 27 poundd. Then I went up to 0.5 and gradually experienced severe vomiting. I went back down to 0.25, and did intermittent fasting which helped some. I'll talk to my doctor Jan. 15th about hopefully getting off of it. My glucose is seldom above 85 now.
  3. @pamschnakenburg2840 [5 likes]: The side effects aren't worth it.  I've read so many reviews and everyone is miserable.  I took monjaro and was in the ER for pancreatitis.i could barely eat i was so nauseous. I was dizzy, had a headache, and a horrible stomach ache.  This is not how i want to lose weight and get healthy.  These shots make us bulimic. My Dr told me monjaro causes pancreatic issues.  So he said hey try trilicity instead! It's in my fridge, i am way too afraid to try it after how i felt on the other one.  I want to function and feel good as i lose weight not be miserable and puking every day.
  4. @cathygallivan8553 [4 likes]: When I feel squeamish and don't want to eat anything, I can usually eat a Popsicle, it feels refreshing somehow.
  5. @lindsaysmith4486 [3 likes]: Threw up the entire day after going up to 1.7 wegovy 😢 hoping today will be better
  6. @dtgpsinc.4289 [2 likes]: A small glass of prune juice a day, combats constipation and reduces nausea.
  7. @charmed8997 [2 likes]: I could not handle ozempic . I’m a type two diabetic. I 
Stayed on the lowest one it didn’t lower my blood sugar nor did it help with weight loss. I was on it for like two months. I was just sick all the time I had like really really bad pains in my stomach constantly like somebody was taking a knife and like stabbing me in my stomach, so I decided to go off of it.
  8. @symphonyj2429 [1 likes]: You spoke about microdosing more than 3 years ago. It’s a hot topic now.
  9. @ladymartinique8951 [1 likes]: I find that if you eat less it helps a lot and try avoiding anything fry
  10. @allkindsamusicchick [1 likes]: Avoid too much sugar...also.
  11. @AMYV3: I’ve been told it’s 18 clicks each .25   And don’t go up .05 every few days. You are only supposed to take this once a week.
  12. @coolgirl4523: I took first time Ozempic and normal dose but I can’t drink even water can’t eat anything Nausea vomit isn’t stopping I don’t know what I do now to stop it ..

Plz some one suggest me
  13. @ms.rickie: Wanted that having alcohol on Semaglutide?
  14. @javierruiz1710: Here's a side effect.You're not mentioning murder suicide
  15. @sunitkewalkhanna1450: I can't deal with 3 mg rhybesuss what shall I do it is very effective in weight loss but cause severe nausea and acute low energy
  16. @sunitkewalkhanna1450: I can't deal with 3 mg rhybesuss what shall I do it is very effective in weight loss but cause severe nausea and acute low energy
  17. @myrnaocasio6879: How to calculate 0.75 dosage???
  18. @Serce111: Is sexanda once a week or once a day dosage?
  19. @candyperfume111: is it normal not to get any side effects?
  20. @dandelionsarefree7436: Nausea, is horrible.

- Pharmacist Explains - Rybelsus (the tablet version of Ozempic): Kind: captions Language: en is this the future of oamic not this exactly this is just a random tablet but at this stage we all know about OIC if you don't know what OIC is click here and go watch one of the many videos I have done on this topic but here's the thing OIC and other medications that are similar to it like munaro are all injections you need to inject the medication into yourself usually once a week which is quite often for an injection because it's a bit invasive and not many people like needles so it would make sense that if we had a tablet form of OIC then it would probably be a game Cher and I'm here to tell you that that is in fact where we are heading there is currently only one tablet version of these medications available and it is called pelsis that is the brand name for it and when I did some investigation I have found that there are many more medications in the pipeline currently undergoing research so the future seems to be out with the injection and in with the tablets this will take a bit of time and I will continue to keep my eye on the situation but for now let's focus on ribb elsis the tablet version of OIC that is currently available for treating type 2 [Music] diabetes hello everyone it's carony from long game Health welcome back to another week on the channel if you're new here I put out a new video every Friday that can help educate you on Health in some ways so subscribe and check out my other videos while you're at it so Rellis came onto the scene in 2019 when it was approved for medical use in the United States and the thing to know here is that rib elsis is the brand name the medication that it contains is called semaglutide which is the exact same medication that is in OIC and also Al wovi so all three same medication OIC and wovi are injections and Rib elsis is a tablet so in theory much easier for someone to take so semaglutide it belongs to a class of medications called glp1 analoges which stands for glucagon like peptide 1 analoges and these medications are synthetic versions of a hormone that is naturally found in your body called glucagonlike peptide 1 now your body can make this hormone but in some situations like people with type 2 diabetes this hormone becomes less efficient so it's a hormone that plays a role in blood sugar control because when you eat food it signals for your body to make and release insulin into the bloodstream which leads to reduce blood sugar levels go watch my video on blood sugar control for more information on how exactly insulin works now increasing insulin levels is is great for people with type 2 diabetes because their blood sugar levels are high now another thing that these medications do is slow down the rate of stomach emptying when you eat food your stomach will periodically empty its contents into the intestines which is where all your nutrients get absorbed usually so when you slow down stomach emptying nutrients like glucose will enter the bloodstream at a slower rate and this is good because it can prevent blood sugar spikes after you eat now if you have type 2 diabetes you definitely want to avoid blood sugar spikes because these cause damage to blood vessels and nerves if they keep happening stomach emptying slowing down also means that food will stay in the stomach for longer and this is one of the reasons that weight loss is actually associated with these medications as well so that's how rib elsis will work by mimicking the effects of this glp1 hormone now one thing you may be wondering is why most of these medications are injections and not just tablets already well hormones they're a type of protein and unfortunately all proteins do not do well in acidic environments which is an issue if you need something to go through the stomach your stomach acid is extremely acidic and there are also enzymes in the stomach that break down protein to help digestion so both of these things essentially destroy semaglutide or any of the other glp1 analog medications which makes it very hard to have a tablet version of the medication because it has to go through the stomach so researchers have had to spend a lot of time figuring out how to get around this issue and they seem to have found a solution the ralis tablets contain semaglutide but they also have something called snack which stands for this lovely chemical name that I'm not going to bother saying but essentially when these tablets get to your stomach and meet your stomach acid the tablet will break AP heart and the snack that is inside the tablet will actually for a short period of time make your stomach acid less acidic which will protect the semaglutide from being destroyed and this allows the medication to get absorbed into your blood yay for science now this is an amazing development but it's not perfect yet and you will find that the rib elsis tablets need some specific conditions when you are taking them so for example they need to be taken on an empty stomach they need to be taken with at least 120 Ms of water because any less and the tablet actually doesn't break down enough to release that special snack component and finally you can't consume anything not water food or even other medications for at least half an hour after taking the medication because the researchers have found that these all reduce absorption of the medication by up to 34% so it's a bit of a picky medication but some people may prefer these to taking an injection so the next question to answer then would be is the tablet form just as good as the injection and well thankfully there have been some clinical trials for me to look through there was a series of Trials called the Pioneer studies and they compared how effective the tablet form of OIC was compared to Placebo which is essentially no medication treatment they also compared it to other tablet-based medications for type 2 diabetes and other injectable forms of glp1 analoges and I've also linked these studies in the description as well but to summarize what these trials found was that the tablet version of OIC seemed to be more effective than some of the existing tablet-based treatments for type 2 diabetes at reducing blood sugar levels and improving blood sugar control when compared to Placebo it had very good improvements to blood sugar control and also weight loss in patients with type 2 diabetes and when compared to other injectable glp1 analoges it was deemed not inferior which essentially means the tablet isn't exactly more effective or better than the injectable versions but they also aren't much worse so they seem to be giving similar effects at the moment which I think is a good thing now in terms of side effects though the biggest issue with these medications has been the nausea and unfortunately the tablets don't seem to give any Improvement on that the trials found similar side effects comparing the tablet to the injection based versions of other glp1 analoges and it was actually discovered that the nausea for the tablets hung around a bit longer when compared to injections and it is significant nausea it's enough for people to drop out of the trials now at this stage the clinical trials have been done only on patients with type 2 diabetes and while they did show weight loss Effectiveness it was only in this specific subset of patients which means at this stage there isn't enough evidence for use of the medication outside of type 2 diabetes to be approved but it does seem that there are lots of Trials currently going on and not just with the tablet form of OIC but other new medications too that would also be tablets so I do think it's just a matter of time before we see these start to enter the market and they'll probably flood the market eventually because obviously they would be very very profitable now at this stage it's a great potential therapy for people with type 2 diabetes who can't manage their condition with diet and lifestyle changes and where other medications have failed or people who would just really rather not have the injections now in terms of using this for weight loss it's not approved yet so you probably won't have access until more research and Trials come out even then I am a bit worried about a huge amount of people running to these medications as a Magic Bullet for weight loss when in reality this should be taken alongside proper nutrition and physical activity to make make sure that you don't lose too much muscle it's really not as simple as just taking the medication and continuing with your life but I have done a whole video on this so click here to catch up on that now I'll wrap things up here but if you have any questions please don't hesitate to leave a comment please give a like And subscribe if you enjoyed this video I will see you next week and as usual keep playing the long game

  Top Comments:
  1. @LloydHarwood [5 likes]: Another great video!
Hopefully this means the shortage will be fixed and diabetics who need this medication will be able to access it
  2. @barbarafallin2038: I can't tolerate the shots for my diabetes, Rybelsus 3 mg is working for me,so I will stay on that
  3. @leiper72: On my first week on Rybelsus now, 3mg/day so far.. but it is a start anyway.. looking forward to the rest.
  4. @charles-s6k5b: Yeah you lose weight because you can't afford the grocery bill
  5. @charles-s6k5b: Yeah but the one important thing you never mention is the money honey it's $1,000 for 30 days and Blue Cross and Blue Shield doesn't cover it
  6. @DLH925: Quick question: for (research purposes only) If the oral and injection of Semaglutide both have the same composition. Theoretically, can we reconstitute the oral with BAC water and inject the dose subq like ozempic?

- I Take Mounjaro… These are my Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en As somebody who's been on a diet of some form for over four decades now, starting on GLP-1 last year has genuinely been life-changing for me. Slow, sensible weight loss, meaning that I could hang on to and maybe even grow some muscle. The food noise that people talk about has completely gone and freed up so much mental space for family and friends. My cholesterol levels are down, so I've reduced my statin dose, and my asthma symptoms are also down, and I feel a lot happier and healthier than I did. So much so that even my joints feel better, and a weight has been metaphorically and physically lifted. However, I have and still do experience side effects, and they've left me thinking sometimes that whether the juice is actually worth the squeeze. And I can't remember who said it, but it stayed with me, and they say that there are medicines that have side effects and medicines that just don't work. And the GLP-1s do have side effects. So, here are the biggest five for me in least to worst significance, and as always, I'm not a doctor, I'm just an end user. So, number one is injection site soreness. And this seems like a little thing, but it can be quite itchy. So, for the first few months, nothing. I'd typically inject either either side of my belly button here. Nothing happened. It was all fine. And then I had a good couple of months where every time I'd inject, I'd get red and I'd get itchy, and there'd be kind of like a lump there for a few days afterwards. My technique for injecting never changed. That lasted for a while, and then it stopped. It hasn't come back, but it is a slightly annoying thing. But it's worth noting that I am the sort of person who is highly allergic anyway. I bought some Apple AirPod Maxes. I wore them for an hour and had to deal with this for weeks. I'm also allergic to my own sweat. After a short plane ride, I end up looking like this for about 3 weeks. So, I'm not entirely sure that we need Colombo to get to the bottom of that problem. The next one is quite common for people on GLP-1s, and everybody I know that's taken one has had this, and that's nausea. And nausea doesn't sound that bad until you kind of get it. And I get it in two forms really. Occasionally, it's like that feeling when you step off a roller coaster, when you've been discombobulated, you get off, you're on solid ground again, and you're just a little bit that sort of feeling. That can come in waves, and it can be completely random. There's no sign that it's coming, it just comes, it's there for a few minutes, and then it just passes. I've never been Some people end up in bed with the nausea or being actually being sick with it. I've never had it that bad. Sometimes, especially after injection day, I may get like a low-level, almost like a car sickness feeling for several hours. Again, not horrendous, and it is manageable, but I would rather not have it, and it is a very real side effect of GLP-1s. I typically combat that though with good hydration, and I take some electrolytes if I feel like I need them. Number three is tiredness, and this has been really quite noticeable at times. I'm an active person. This is my home gym. I'm in here at least three or four times a week. And I also average, even though I've stopped counting my steps, when I check my Apple Watch, I average about 10,000 steps a day still. In addition to that, I've got a static bike which I ride, and occasionally I use a row machine as well. I do like being active. I'm also kind of like well into my 50s now, so that might be a factor. But this is like a different type of tiredness. It's not like a tiredness where you've worn yourself out or you haven't had enough sleep. It manifests for me in quite a heavy tiredness, almost like sometimes like I've missed a night's sleep. That kind of jet lag feeling where you just feel heavier, things feel a little bit more on top of me. This is a symptom that I really don't like, and I didn't have it before starting Mounjaro. It's normally around injection day, so a day or two afterwards, and then it fades as the days go on. It's not debilitating, it's not ruining my life or anything like that, but having difficulty like getting off the sofa, you have to make a bit more effort to get going. That is something that I'm not used to, and I think if it affected me worse than it did, I would have to kind of consider what I was doing. And I actually think for me, it's dose dependent. So, I would describe myself as say seven out of 10 happy before I started taking Mounjaro. I started on the 2.5 mg, which is a titration dose up to 5 mg, which is the lowest dose, and then it goes up in 2.5 mg increments up to 15 mg. And at 2.5, I would say my happiness went from a seven to like a nine. There was a real big lift in my mood at 2.5 mg. When I started taking 5 mg towards the end of my journey just to shift the last few pounds, that seven that went to a nine then came back to probably about an eight. So, a noticeable difference, and I miss the nine. So, what I may try and do is I might try and titrate down now that I've the weight that I want to be, back down to something that's closer to 2.5 and see how that goes. In the meantime, I do manage the tiredness in two different ways. So, one is I always set my alarm for 6:00 a.m. So, on weekends, I might not get out of bed at 6:00 a.m., but my alarm goes off at 6:00 a.m. every morning. And the reason for that is I found setting a consistent wake-up time automatically means my bedtime is somewhere between 9:00 and 9:30. If you're like seven, you're going, that's a nice bedtime, Steve. But if if you're like an adult, you might think that's a little bit early. But what are you doing past 9:00 apart from watching Well, normally if I go past 10:00, I'm what I'm binge watching The Rookie. Not start I'm late to The Rookie. It's a brilliant TV show. Or I'm just doing stuff that I probably be more beneficial for me to be asleep rather than doing. Hydration again is really important for tiredness, and I also take the daily essentials bundle from Lily and Loaf, especially designed for people taking GLP-1s, and it really helps mitigate those things you might be missing. If you're eating less, you might be taking on less protein and less fiber than you need, and you might be missing out on some other nutrients as well. It covers all of your key vitamins, nutrients, and minerals, and it helps prevent muscle loss as well. You need to weight train as well if you're on a GLP-1. I'll put a link in the description of this video and pinned comment if you want to check it out, and using my link also helps support the channel. So, thank you very much. Number four is cost. I'm in the UK, and I pay for my medication privately. If you're outside of the UK, you may not pay for it, or you may have to co-pay. I watch a lot of American videos, and I hear the word co-pay and deductibles. I don't know what they mean as an Englishman, but I know that there are costs involved for most of us in taking GLP-1s. And I think it's important to remember for most people, you're not solving a problem, you're managing a condition. And that means that you're going to be taking them for maybe life, or a very long time. In my case, I plan [music] to take them until the next thing comes along that maybe works a bit better or less side effects. Basically, the next iteration. I can't see a time where I would come off them. They're very much more like a blood pressure medication or thyroid medication. If you stop taking them, there's no reason for you not to go back to where you were before. Some people won't, but I think the vast majority of us will. In my case, I've met me. So, I suspect I'll be a long-term, if not life user. And this is something that you're going to have to think about, preparing for, and also managing the amount of time that you want to stay on this medication, which could be, I don't know, decades, who knows? So, it does add up. I'm lucky that it's not a huge thing for me. I used to have a personal trainer. However, I am quite well-versed in working out myself. So, by not having a personal trainer, that covers the cost of the medication. I used to have an expensive greens powder. I'll say no names. I don't have that anymore. So, one cost offsets the other one. Friends of mine have also said, who really like takeaways, I don't eat loads of takeaways, but friends who really like takeaways say that what they've saved on Deliveroo and Uber Eats, I don't know what the other ones are called, has actually nearly covered or completely offset the cost of their medication. But there is a cost implication for many of us taking these medications, and it probably will be a long-term one. Number five, and probably the one that concerns me the most, is anhedonia. Now, you may not know what that means. I certainly didn't. I'm a working-class boy. Anhedonia just sounds like a very middle-class word. But for you and I, if you don't know what it means either, it basically means a reduced sense of enjoyment. And for me, it has been moderate at times, and slightly concerning. So, I'm somebody who, if I leave my keys upstairs, then I'm happy because I get free steps to go back up and get the keys, and can just have be a bit more active in my day. Yeah, I know. Okay. And I If we're out walking and I see a gate, I won't go around it. I want to jump that gate. Brilliant. And as you can see over my shoulder here, I'm somebody who really enjoys picking up weights. So, weight training for me, I would say that's probably a nine out of 10, a nine to 10 out of 10 activity. I really enjoy it that much. Since going from 2.5 mg of Mounjaro up to 5 mg of Mounjaro, this I had don't I can't even say it. This anhedonia, reduced sense of enjoyment, has meant that what it was a nine or a 10 out of 10 activity, it might now be a seven or an eight out of 10 activity. Now, it's not a huge problem for me, but I've never had a time I've had to kind of have a little chat with myself to get myself in this gym. Recently, at 5 mg, I'm in a state where a couple of times a week I might have to go, come on, Steve, and just have a little tiny hump to get over to get me working out. I've spent a few months now at the weight I want to be. So, I suspect when I start to try and titrate down, there's a good chance that 5 mg is just my dose. But if I can get that down slightly, I assume that those feelings will reduce, and I'll be back to where I was, hopefully. Overall though, taking Mounjaro has been a very positive experience for me, and I would say that 75% of the benefit has just been a mental one. I've said this before, but my brain very much on holiday these days. I've never felt so relaxed and yeah, just a lot less noise going on up there, which frees up so much time to spend time with my family or spend time with friends. Before I might say why to do something, spend time with friends or go out with my wife for instance, now I manage to choose just why not. My improved health markers have also really pleased me and going from 10 out of 10 effort with my weight and slowly going backwards as I got into my 50s to now being able to manage my weight really quite easily about six out of 10 effort has been a real game-changer for me. But as you can see, they're not perfect and for many of us, there will be a trade-off to make if you decide to take these medications. And if you've experienced side effects while taking Mounjaro or Ozempic or if you're watching this in the future, retatrutide, then let me know in the comments what your experience has been and also if you have had side effects, it'll be good for anybody watching this video to know how you've overcome them or what you've done to lessen those side effects. I'll put my full GLP-1 playlist These are my videos as well as videos from doctors that I follow that I found really interesting and I think you might as well. YouTube knows you better than I do though. So, YouTube thinks that you will like this video here. Until next time, see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SixthChameleon [17 likes]: I count myself fortunate to have had no adverse side effects.
  2. @todddejardin3578 [7 likes]: For me my side effects are being extremely cold and once it happens it takes me a long time to warm up, second is hair loss.  Fortunately I had a full head of hair to start with.  I am taking vitamins and collagen daily.  I'm 37 weeks in and have lost 102 pounds,  I will gladly take the side effects.  I'm on 7.5 of Monjurno. My cost here in the US was $1,200 per month for the first two months until I met my deductible. My insurance kicked in and then was $47 per month. At the beginning of the year I changed my insurance and now is $25 per month. Very affordable because I have diabetes type 2 otherwise it would not be covered and it would not be affordable long term.
  3. @SteveJulien [4 likes]: GLP-1s have been a big positive for me—but they’re definitely not perfect.

I’d genuinely be interested to hear your experience—good or bad—so drop a comment below 👇

If you’re on a GLP-1 and want to check out the supplements I use to help hit my protein targets and stay nutritionally balanced, you can find them here:
👉 https://bit.ly/LilyandLoafandSteveJ

(It’s an affiliate link, so it supports the channel at no extra cost to you.)
  4. @franthompson8653 [2 likes]: Hi, I’m a 76 grandma. 248 pounds and been on Mounjarour 2 mos. Now on 5.  Side effects…nausea,heartburn,burping, gas.  Some tiredness,constipation,diarrhea.  These are not all the time.  Lost about 25lbs, blood pressure down, sugar down.  My husband thinks I should stop.  I really don’t care about food now so I’m not cooking like I did. He hates that. He weighs 340. Says I’m too old to start this. I take Prilosect which workdays pretty good. I’m incontinent also. But I’m pressing on. Before I go to heaven I want to lose weight to under 200lbs. lol.  Everyone isn’t the same and I get it. I only pay $47 a month! Dr gave me first mo free. I enjoyed your video. I had a heart valve replacement and stent 2 yrs ago. I am a Christian and God is with me. I ride Phen phen in 1992. Lost 146 lbs. kep off 100 all these years. It was taken off the market…dangerous. This is my story.
  5. @kerrylattimore2684 [2 likes]: This the first I heard of anhedonia as a side effect.  I have noticed lately that I don't feel like doing things like going on vacation and going out to a party and yes working out at the gym (though I go anyway).  Lots of hobby things like bird watching aren't as exciting as they were a few months ago.  I was thinking I'm getting older, but now I'm thinking it's the Maunjaro.  I have been on 2.5 mg for about 5 months and have lost about 40 pounds.  I haven't had any of the common side effects and I feel very happy not having to deal with food noise and constant hunger.  I too have been considering staying on a low dose the rest of my life.  I rather enjoy dealing with food on a very regimented basis of making sure I get all the nutrients I need and not ever needing to deal with sweets/treats because they just aren't very important anymore.  I liked your video a lot.  Thank you for sharing your journey and thoughts.
  6. @Flipflop1-1 [2 likes]: Great video.
  7. @ADT743 [2 likes]: I'll be starting on the pill soon. And hoping for no side effects. I tried the shot before and had 0 physical effects but really bad anhedonia. Hoping that because the pill is a lighter dose, I won't have as much of that
  8. @dxsez [2 likes]: I have had zero real side effects outside of not being slightly as hungry and I am on 10mg which is lucky. Maybe slightly tired from a jab near the start but that’s about it
  9. @AASN19 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing your journey with us, I was on Tripez, I hurled every day like the exorcist. I had to stop. I hope to try Wegv soon. Your my twin, I too become allergic to everything and my own sweat causes me burns...Good luck brother...
  10. @Adoptadog2025 [1 likes]: I’m having a good experience on Monjaro . I’ve been on for nine months and I’ve lost 55 pounds. I’ve had minimal side effects. I definitely don’t enjoy food as much as I used to. But I am for the first time in my life enjoying working out. It’s very empowering to feel stronger every day. In Canada I pay about $315 a month for my current dose. I stayed on 2.5 for seven months until I plateaued, and just went up to 5.
  11. @Freddykittycat [1 likes]: I burp more, and that’s it. I lost 85 pounds on my own, got off insulin after 20+ years…….but it’s really hard to maintain! I also have dysautonomia and this shot has helped so much with that! I’m stay on 5 for a long while, it’s working really well.
  12. @cordeliadouglas447 [1 likes]: could you talk on the retratutide more? is it licensed in UK yet?
  13. @garycross5586 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this post, you've really helped me with the GLP1 symptoms. I've experienced the chronic tiredness and nausea since stepping up to the 5mg dose of Mounjaro. The worst symptom for me is a nagging headache. Having listened to your post I think I'll go back down to 2.5mg and see how I feel. Mounjaro has been excellent for my weight loss and I'm a stone down after 5 weeks and my food noise has disappeared. I was always thinking about food before.
  14. @JudgeGuns [1 likes]: buy smaller needles!  :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:
  15. @Imo513: Can I ask how long did you stay on 2.5mg until you moved over to 5mg?
  16. @JAlex-ld2lh: The Canadian 24-Hour Movement Guidelines were  released by the Canadian Society for Exercise Physiology (CSEP) in partnership with the Public Health Agency of Canada, ParticipACTION, and researchers from Queen’s University, in Kingston Ontario.

• Muscle strengthening activities using major muscle groups at least twice a week
• Physical activities that challenge balance, 
•Moderate to vigorous aerobic physical activities such that there is an accumulation of at least 150 minutes per week
• Progressing towards any of these targets will result in health benefits.
• 7000 steps a day are recommended. More is not discouraged.
  17. @keysersoze5341: Bro! Nahh. You need to fast.
  18. @SweetSassyBull: I have to disagree with you about BP meds.  Most high BP is down to diet and lifestyle so many people should be able to come off them if they sort their health out.
  19. @MrHoudinidog: I never see cost discussed so typically what are we taking a month thanks ?
  20. @dpstitches: Nausea has been my biggest symptom. It was nonstop with the first medication I took (Trulicity), but the glucose control was so impressive that I stuck it out.  Now I'm on a different medication and I'm only nauseated the day after I inject.

- Mounjaro (tirzepatide): The newest diabetes and obesity medication (explanation and overview): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is the newest injectable medication for the treatment of diabetes and obesity and it joins a rapidly advancing class of obesity medications that target specific hormonal receptors in the body these medications are revolutionizing the medical treatment of obesity they are markedly more effective than prior medications in fact terzepatite represents the most effective obesity medication ever developed note that at the time of filming this video terzepatite is not yet fda approved for the treatment of obesity it is approved for the treatment of diabetes and we anticipate fda approval for obesity in the coming months so let's briefly review the current fda approved weight loss medications just to establish a framework for this discussion so phentermine which has been available since the 1950s leads to an average weight loss of about five percent of body weight if you combine phentermine with topiramate which is a migraine medication that makes a brand name kusemia that combination can produce an average of around eight to ten percent weight loss now contrave which is a combination of bupropion an antidepressant and naltrexone an addiction prevention medication produces around four to five percent weight loss sexenda which was the first injectable weight loss medication was approved back in 2014 and this leads to an average weight loss of about eight percent of body weight now the next medication that was approved by the fda for the treatment of obesity was a full seven years later and that was we govi which is cemagletide 2.4 milligrams and this was improved in 2021 and was a major leap in efficacy producing an average weight loss of about 15 percent at one year and that's with a once weekly injection so that's nearly double the weight loss that we saw with saxenda now we go the targets and boosts a hormone known as glucagon like peptide 1 or glp1 this is a critical hormone that controls weight through the brain and through the digestive tract so higher levels of glp1 lead to less appetite a prolonged sense of satiety uh and ultimately weight loss these medications also help to manage glucose levels and that's why they're also effective for the treatment of diabetes so how does terzepatite work like cemaglotide it also targets the glp1 receptor to boost glp levels but it also targets a second receptor known as gip the actions of glp1 and gip are synergistic so they actually boost the effect of each other so terzepatide combines the actions of glp1 and gip receptors leading to greater overall so what is the average weight loss with terzepatide the recently published surmount trial established the efficacy of trizepative for weight loss this was a phase three randomized controlled study of 2539 people and they were randomized to receive either terzepatide or placebo furthermore terzepatide was evaluated at three different strengths five milligrams 10 milligrams and 15 milligrams so after 72 weeks of treatment the following results were seen with placebo the average weight loss was three percent it's about what we'd expect with just kind of diet and exercise with five milligrams of terzepa tide the average weight loss was 15 percent with 10 milligrams of transeptide that weight loss increased to 19 percent and at 15 milligrams the average weight loss was a remarkable 20.9 percent as a reminder with we govi the previous weight loss leader the average weight loss was 15 percent so how is trezepatide taken terzepatite is taken as a once weekly injection the medication comes supplied in a pre-filled pen there's no visible needle and patients use the medication once per week patients taking terzepatide can experience some side effects in fact the most common side effects are gastrointestinal in nature this is very similar to the side effects seen with cemagletide they include nausea diarrhea and constipation most of these are mild and transient occurring during that dose escalation period in that same surmount trial that i mentioned up to seven percent of patients actually needed to stop their treatment due to these side effects other very rare side effects could include pancreatitis gallbladder disease though these were actually no more frequent with terzepaty than with placebo in that same trial so who is a good candidate for a terzepatide once trazepatite is fda approved for the treatment of obesity a good candidate would be an adult with a body mass index of greater than 30 or greater than 27 with an obesity related medical condition such as diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol or sleep apnea candidates for this medication must be willing and comfortable to use an injectable medication on a weekly basis this is critically important you must be willing to use this long term obesity is a chronic and relapsing condition and we must treat it as such so this is not a medication that you should take for a short time and then stop once you start it you really want to remain on it assuming it's working for you and you're tolerating it well patients with obesity and diabetes may ultimately be the best candidates for terzepatite because it targets both of these conditions and may allow patients to wean off of other diabetes medications such as insulin which actually promote weight gain terzepatite is unquestionably a breakthrough an average weight loss of 20 or more is remarkable and significantly higher than any prior medication we know that health conditions such as diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol begin to improve and even resolve when someone loses 10 percent of their body weight so with this medication the average patient will lose double that so when you recognize that the average weight loss with bariatric surgery which is the most effective obesity treatment by far is around 25 to 30 percent of body weight the numbers we're seeing with terzepatite are truly impressive unfortunately we know that patients really don't want bariatric surgery in fact of those who would be eligible only one percent ever pursue it so these alternative options are essential if we're going to tackle the obesity epidemic so all of this is very exciting and terzepathi represents an immensely promising medication for obesity and diabetes treatment but there are definite barriers and obstacles for patients now first and most importantly is cost we saw this with wigovi the immense initial enthusiasm was clearly tampered by the cost of the medication with the average out-of-pocket monthly cost greater than one thousand dollars it's simply not financially viable we kind of anticipate the same thing with terzepatite this is the biggest obstacle in the united states it's clear that investing in obesity treatment will pay huge dividends improving and reversing obesity and all of its related medical conditions ultimately that leads to decreased health care costs unfortunately insurers have a very short-sighted view of obesity treatment insurers tend to view obesity as a problem of willpower rather than a disease and that is blatantly wrong obesity is a disease and must be treated as such so what type of support is needed for patients who are using terzepatite trazepatite is best provided by a comprehensive weight loss facility this means a physician or medical provider who is obesity medicine trained and skilled at managing obesity and its related conditions further patients must have access to nutrition support a licensed dietitian in particular will be best able to assist patients in their weight loss journey optimizing nutrition and improving behavior over time and a structured exercise regimen will only further enhance the health and weight loss benefits so ultimately a comprehensive program is essential for patients to fully succeed with terzepatite here at trueyou weight loss we are thrilled to see new and more effective options for patients with obesity whether used alone or in combination with the weight loss procedure the newest class of obesity medications such as terzepatide is truly making an impact after many years of stagnation in obesity treatments with the advent of newer medications as well as less invasive weight loss procedures there are now multiple effective options for patients who don't desire bariatric surgery for more information on weight loss medications obesity treatment and non-surgical weight loss options visit our website at trueyou weightloss.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @RudolfKlusal [12 likes]: I am using 5 mg weekly from the March, now it is June, I have almost 20 kgs down (from 145 to 125). It is really a gamechanger, I feel better, I can do sports, I feel more comfortable in the gym etc.
  2. @problematicmonika3723 [8 likes]: I'm on day 5, and I've already noticed a massive difference. Im the person who doesnt want to get bariatric surgery because I dont want to alter by body permanently like that. The comments make me hopeful.
  3. @XratedRC [2 likes]: Mounjaro has saved my life.
  4. @sjgandia [2 likes]: i thank God for this because I am now
off my insulin and have been having average glucose of 99-105 mg/dl
weekly.  Only side effect is when you move up to 5 mg, diarrhea.
  5. @miichaelmayfield7835 [2 likes]: I just go approved for it because of sleep apnea by Medicare
  6. @JohnnyEssex [2 likes]: I watched this video when my 1st pen arrived, I'm now on day 90 and I'm 3.5 stone lighter, sleeping better, feeling better and looking better than ever.. 
I've been on 5mg weekly and have 2 stone to go before I'm at target..
  7. @billydenham9313 [1 likes]: Wagovy was $1,500.00 each month. My insurance refused to pay for Wagovy so my doctor put me on mounjaro.
  8. @billydenham9313 [1 likes]: After they put me on metformin I lost about all of my muscle mass. I noticed that I loss more muscle loss in my legs. I have been on metformin for years now, but now I'm on mounjaro and working on getting my muscles back.
  9. @cathy40 [1 likes]: 3 months ago my A1c was 11.6 taking a statin Januvia and Monjaro. My joints are horribly painful!
I've taken 9 doses of Mounjaro. On my 8th dose I had a hard raised, hot, red spot the size of 2 inches on my stomach at the needle site. I thought I didn't clean it properly. The 9th shot I did on top of my thigh (super painful) as shown in the pamphlet. I also had a bigger reaction at the injection site. A 5 to 6 inch red spot. Hot, hard and lasted for over 2 weeks!
I saw my PRN today, she wants me to keep taking Mounjaro even though my A1c is 6, and lost 16 pounds. To be honest, I'm scared. I've had horrible joint pain while taking Monjaro & a statin at the same time.
A friend of mine is a RN and she said I shouldn't take Monjaro any more because it looks like I'm allergic to it.
  10. @DoctorOreos [1 likes]: Just started this injection and so far so good. Just shocked how much it cost without insurance, $1000 😮 wow. I pay $10 a month for a box of 4.
  11. @sediye [1 likes]: Best explanation and well made delivery. Thanks
  12. @Keppie6 [1 likes]: The lifelong recommendation I’m sure dosent come directly from the manufacturers😂😂
  13. @ashishdogra1962: Planet Ayurveda Slimolina Tea digestion improve karke weight control mein madad karti hai.
  14. @juantorres142: I was on Ozempic for 3 months dropped 40 pounds, now only 5 days on mounjaro  7.5 I dont feel like Ozempic im hungry
  15. @kjc8051: I’m 60% through a 3 month course. Loosing 1kg a week like clock work. No side effects.

8.6kg / 1.35 stone / (-9.45% reduction in body weight)

Best money I’ve spent and least amount of effort required to loose weight 😂 
Yes it may not be sustainable in the long run, but it’s given me a head start and I’ll be looking damned fine for my wedding day. Cheers.
  16. @Grellibe: See people keep saying "you have to be on this medication forever!" I don't think this is true, for weight loss alone. If a medical needs such as diabetes persists, then yes of course. 

But I think these medications, Tirzepatide and Semaglutide, are great as tools. If you're mindful about them, and use them to improve your diet and control any binging that one may have, then I think they shouldn't be thought of as a permanent drug.
  17. @fredjoseph8021: I’m so thankful to Dr. Ozuka. Whom  I found on YouTube, for his herbal medicines that helped cure my HSV.
  18. @Ansbro.isAerospaced: So basically GLP-1 + GIP give you a prolonged sense of satiety as a side effect, meaning it basically starves you, and that's how you lose weight ??  Please correct me if I'm  misunderstanding,  in a professional manner.
  19. @danielschoch9604: Cost is just a problem of capitalist greed, not of production cost. The pen wastes 1/5 of its content, which would not be in it the first time, if it was expensive. I am afraid we have to wait for a socialist revolution, but after that we can afford it for pennies.
  20. @ArtVandelay1569: Average weight loss :  what’s the time period, month?  3 months?  Year?

- How to Use Mounjaro (Tirzepatide) UK injection Pen - Step by Step Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone I'm Melissa from London slimming Clinic I'm going to show you how to correctly use the monjaro pen monjaro is a once weekly injection which contains tepati and is prescribed for weight loss when jaro is delivered in chilled and insulated packaging to maintain the correct temperature during transport each pack of Monaro contains an instruction leaplet patient information Lether which you should read before first use and the Monaro pen itself comp ible needles will also be supplied the mararo pen contains four fixed doses one dose taken weekly therefore one needle is to be used each week check the expiry date to ensure the medication is within date remove the pen cap to check the liquid mojarro should be colorless to slightly yellow it's important to note that the medication is contained here in the pen and not in the needles next you'll need to attach a new needle wipe the red inner seal of the pen with a swab pull off the paper tab then push the cap needle straight onto the pen and twist the pen needle on until it's tied remember to always use a new needle every time you take the medication to help prevent infections and block needles each time before you use the pen you'll need to prime it check that the pen is functioning correctly pull off the outer needle shield and keep it this will we reuse later when removing the needle pull off the inner needle shield and discard it slowly turn the dose knob until you hear two clicks and the extended line is shown in the dose window this is the prime position hold your pen with a needle pointing up now push the dose knob in until it stops the zero must be shown in the dose window you should see a drop of liquid on the tip of the needle if there is no liquid then repeat the step to select the dose turn the dose knob until it stops and the one icon is shown in the dose window the one icon is equal to a full dose you are taking in this case it's 2.5 mg monjaro can be injected into either the abdomen the upper thigh or the upper arm do change and mix up your injection sites each week to allow the skin to heal and avoid any potential soreness or bruising insert the needle at a 90° angle into the skin press and hold down the dose button either with your finger or your thumb and the dose counter returns to zero then count to six and remove the needle you may see a drop of liquid at the end of the needle and that is normal and nothing to be concerned about put the outer needle cap which you saved earlier back on the needle and unscrew it from the pen dispose of needle in the sharp container do not put these in your normal household waist bin once you start using the pen you'll notice that a plunger begins to appear this is normal and it just indicates how much liquid is remaining once the plunger reaches the end the pen is empty and you've used up all four doses put the cap back onto the pen and store it away until the next use the used pen can either be stored in the refrigerator 2 to 8° or unrefrigerated for up to 30 days as long as the temperature does not go above 30° Centigrade if kept unrefrigerated the pens must be discarded after 30 days and that is it that's all there is to it if you have any questions or concerns don't hesitate to reach out to us at the London slimming Clinic

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrJckoch57 [6 likes]: Thank you so much for the detailed video…am going to take my first dose of 2.5 mg of maunjaro tonight
  2. @karenbaldry8096 [3 likes]: I can’t thank you enough for taking the time to explain how to administer this medication. I was terrified to be honest. Initially I made a pigs ear of it . Thanks to your excellent advice I have just successfully administered my first dose. THANKS AGAIN.
  3. @ElledieWildAndFree [3 likes]: Mounjaro is not a weight loss drug, it was developed for blood sugar control in type 2 diabetics, weight loss is a side effect. Diabetics who need it, or other similar meds are unable to obtain it because it's being bought by people for weight loss.
  4. @Wandering.Homebody [2 likes]: By far the best demo video. Perfect length, perfectly detailed in just the right amount and way. Thanks.
  5. @hoolley [2 likes]: This is excellent.  I was anxious and I looked at others but was the clearest and helped to reduce anxiety. Thsnk you
  6. @LondonSlimmingClinic [1 likes]: Order Mounjaro from London Slimming Clinic: https://www.londonslimmingclinic.co.uk/product/mounjaro-tirzepatide-injection/
  7. @KateEleanor [1 likes]: Thank you souch for such a concise easy to follow video. My first pen is on its way and am super nervous but now I feel more reassured. Thank you ❤
  8. @8cho.1216: ❤
  9. @sibongilepreciousmaduna8145: Thank very clear ,am starting today
  10. @renredemption1230: Thank you!
  11. @dzmalekvali1110: Or 0.25
  12. @dzmalekvali1110: 2.5 doze??
  13. @JosephWright-k5p: I put a new needle on my Mounjaro pen is that okay
  14. @JadeDoreen: Do you have to prime the pen each week you use it?
  15. @mehrankhan1893: The first dose is from 0 till 1, and after injecting the first dose, the kwikpen will show 0 again, and then after a week when we need to inject a 2nd dose, should we repeat the same process by going towards 1 and injecting it till 0 ???
And the 4 doses of this kwikpen, we have inject with the same process, which 1 to 0 ???
Kindly guide ???
  16. @shabs0: With the same KwikPen, when taking the second dose, how do you do the priming (air shot)? You can’t dial it back to zero again, right? So is it okay to inject without doing an air shot on subsequent doses?
  17. @AhmedKadoora-e3d9e: Ordered mine online from slim vials .. excited b ur nervous to start
  18. @NatC1975: Great just not clear on whether to store it in the fridge or out of the fridge? Seems both but what’s the right way? Thanks
  19. @charliedock2621: Very much a good demonstration of how to use the pan not too happy on your prices you charge at your clinic anyway thank you for the demo
  20. @p.ivught4105: The deliberate sowing of fear about Mounjaro doesn't indicate objectivity, but rather a conflict of interest. Doubt is deliberately created here, not based on facts, but out of self-interest.

- Managing Mounjaro Side Effects: Strategies for Minimizing Risks | Wave Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en one of the things that patients have been asking is what are some of the common side effects so let's tackle on the most common side effect quite honestly for most people Nothing a lot of patients you really don't feel any adverse reaction the only thing that they feel is what's therapeutic which is loss of appetite and early satiety however some patients do experience some nausea diarrhea or constipation the GI symptoms this is really dose dependent and how acclimated they are to the medication and that's why it's so important that when we first start patience Hunters appetite they start off in small dose and that has significantly reduced degree of nausea constipation or diarrhea some of the other reported side effects associated with with her's appetite are things such as higher heart rate fatigue sleepy as well but quite honestly like if we look at all of our patients that type of complaint is extremely rare and again it has to do with slow incrementation of the dosage that we use there's appetite comes in increments of 2.5 milligrams so a lot of times we are starting patients off at 2.5 milligrams or in some patients five milligrams and we slowly increase that dosage by 2.5 milligrams and what we have found is is this ad that has been extremely effective in controlling GI symptoms foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ketogenicknowledge245 [20 likes]: The diarrhea has been absolutely INSANE. Dealing with this the last 3 days.
  2. @vinceionut4583 [3 likes]: Drinking plenty water will reduce all bad symptoms
  3. @pollys2142 [2 likes]: I’m on week 6 of mounjaro now. I started with 2.5mg the first 4 weeks. I had slight nausea maybe twice otherwise no side effects. After 4 weeks, I moved to 5mg. The first two days I was very lethargic and a little nausea otherwise from the next day I was fine and back to normal
My appetite suppressed massively especially increasing to 5mg. I have lost 7kg in 6 weeks 
I feel great I’m looking better
Mounjaro is a miracle for me
  4. @liamsizagra5570 [1 likes]: My wife got Mounjaro injection  she was vomiting for  days then end up in emergency  with Kidney Dehydration for three days
  5. @kateschwartz1965 [1 likes]: Just took the 2nd 5mg dose. I was fine on 2.5mg. First dose at 5mg, I felt sick for 3-4 days. Hopefully, it'll be better this week.
  6. @fast800journey [1 likes]: Four weeks in, 2.5 mg Mounjaro, the side effects have been debilitating, yesterday I felt like I was going to die. Down 7.9 kg
  7. @normarivera2269: I’ve been taking Mounjaro for 8 months an on the 15 mg, but noticing that I’m having diarrhea now, didn’t have any problems before, should I let my doctor know this. Every time I eat, right after that I need to go to the restroom. Kind of concern. What should I do?
  8. @TinaTurnup-n9h: Im.aching
  9. @clydenorris7789: Heart Burn
  10. @crazymusclecuz: i feel the worst stomach pain and all of the above.. also headaches i dont get it
  11. @KenyaWright: I've had no symptoms but it's only been a week.
  12. @ibelf2465: Sour/sulphar burps way too frequently!
  13. @ibelf2465: I was over a year at a yoyo with my weight. 8-10 pounds. Now all of a sudden I dropped close to 25 pounds in less than two months & am currently still losing. I’m wondering if it’s normal to have a decrease like that with no changing of dosage. Doubt anyone can answer this! I’m down 113 pounds since 2022!
  14. @cherylhessler8411: Can one of the side effects  be kidney stones
  15. @YerHighness69: Did my first injection last night. I'll be working today and will be interested to see if I feel any fatigue or other side effects.  I used this (2.5 mg) for one month last year (it was self-pay and I had to stop for financial reasons) and never had any side effects that I've been hearing about (burping, nausea, etc.)  Hoping this time around will be smooth and uneventful, especially now, since it's covered by my insurance 100%.  I have T2, managed by Metformin, and sleep apnea (not managed yet).
  16. @denishahaver5092: Backache, irritation & fatigue are the reasons I quit. I lost 20 lbs in 4 weeks but I love my family and friends & it's not worth the aggravation. I wonder how many Drs have stock in these companies also. They seem eager to prescribe it & insurance companies are eager to not pay for it! For me drugs are death. Dr William Osler said the person who takes medicine must recover twice, once from the disease and once from the medicine. I believe him after taking the drug mounjaro myself.
  17. @johnsonjoanne4160: I take Mojarro 7.5 and I’m having pain to the side of my stomach it’s uncomfortable
  18. @Angie-k8j: Anyone with a huge “bruised” like, itchiness and pain on the injection site??? That last for a whole week.
  19. @123xmelta: It’s not true. I’ve stayed on each dose for 2-3 months to get better used to it and still have nausea every single week for 2-3 days !!! It’s been months and months. On top of that harsh side effect there gas been hardly any weight loss. Like 7 kg tops during 6 months. Thinking of quitting cause it’s clearly not working
  20. @Shitsuxify: 3 days after my first dose I went into Anaphylaxis. I ended up in the ER. No shortcuts to weight loss for me 😢

- 12 Things You Should NEVER Mix with Ozempic or Mounjaro: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome or welcome back to the channel. Um, today we're tackling a big one. 12 things you should never mix with WGOi or Zepound and even those Zepic or Mjaro if you're on one of those instead. Now, some of these are common sense. Um, some may surprise you, but all of them all of them matter because they can either make side effects worse or completely derail your weight loss progress. And trust me, over the years, I've seen patients accidentally mix these medications uh with things that seemed harmless at the time only to end up with serious side effects or sabotage results or needing to stop the medications altogether when it could be avoided. So grab a notebook or just go ahead and like this video so you can come back to it because knowing what to combine and what not to combine with Wobbio and Zbound could save you from a lot of unnecessary frustration. And here's a spoiler alert. Number nine is something I guarantee most people watching this video right now have done without even thinking twice. And no, it's not Taco Bell, though we might talk about fast food before this video is over. Let's dive in. Starting with number one, alcohol in excess. A glass of wine with dinner, no big deal. The uh occasional margarita usually fine, but mixing way or zeppbound with heavy drinking is a recipe for disaster. Why? Because alcohol and GLP1 medications both affect your digestive system and your pancreas. Together, they dramatically increase your risk of nausea, vomiting, and dehydration. And in the rarest of cases, even pancreatitis, a potentially lifethreatening condition for some folks. And here's a kicker. Dehydration is already a concern. And you add alcohol and you've just doubled or tripled your alcohol um hangover before the party even begins. And not exactly the lifestyle change we're aiming for. So, does this mean that you can u never enjoy a drink? Not at all. Moderation is key. And if you choose to have a drink, hydrate well. Pair it with food and keep it occasional. Remember, your weight loss journey isn't just about the scale. It's about protecting your long-term health. And overdoing it with alcohol is never worth the risk. But keeping a well- balanced, healthy lifestyle um makes it a lot easier to maintain for a longer period of time. Number two, sugary drinks, sodas, energy drinks, which for for me always is a nogo for for many reasons. Doesn't matter if you're on medications or not. Add on sweet teas or those giant coffee creations loaded with syrup. These are some of the biggest culprits I see. Mixing them with wiggle beer zepp is like pressing the gas and the break at the same time. The medications are working hard to regulate your appetite and blood sugar while that sugary drink is spiking it right back up and keeping it there. What happens next? Your body gets super confused. Blood sugar swings make you feel sluggish. you get irritable and more likely to crave even more sugar in the long term. And that's a vicious cycle that completely completely undermines the progress you're trying to make. Now, if you crave flavor, you don't have to resign yourself to just plain old water for the rest of your life. Sparkling water with a squeeze of lemon or naturally flavored celzer can give you variety without the um sugar crash. And if you need more, try naturally fresh squeezed juices or or thin smoothies um with your favorite fruit. Small swaps like this make a difference, a big difference. And remember, you're not just cutting calories, you're rewiring habits for lasting health. And number three, skipping meals entirely. Yes, OB and Zapbound are powerful at lowering appetite. That's why some patients think h well if I'm not hungry, I'll just skip eating altogether. That's wrong move. Skipping meals doesn't mean your body is thriving. It means your body is being starved of essential nutrients. Now, I'm not talking about intermittent fasting. That's a plan. I'm talking about people who are supposed to eat and just forgot to eat or don't eat. And over time, that leads to dizziness, fatigue, nutrient deficiencies, and even slowed metabolism. Think of it this way. Not eating at all isn't the same as eating healthy. There are zero healthy nutrients in an air sandwich. Then the medication should be a tool to help you make better choices, not an excuse to avoid food altogether. Instead, aim for balanced meals. Remember, eat lean proteins, vegetables, healthy fats, good fruit, and fiber richch carbs, even if the portions are smaller than before. That's the beauty of the GLP1s. They give you the appetite control to make smarter choices without feeling the pride. The goal is nourishment, not starvation. Your body will thank you with energy, clearer focus, and sustainable weight loss. On to number four, ultrarocessed fast food. Here's the fast food dragging part of the video. We need to talk about drive-thru culture. And on Rego Up, your stomach empties more slowly, and that's part of how the medication work, and it keeps you feeling fuller longer. But then you combine that with greasy, ultrarocessed fast foods and create a digestive equivalent of a traffic jam in Miami at like 5 in the afternoon going north. Don't want to be there. Fried foods, double cheeseburgers, loaded fries, while they may taste great, they tend to sit in your stomach like a brick, especially on the GLP ones. The result, bloating, nausea, indigestion, and sometimes even vomiting. Patients often come back saying, "Doc, I don't know why I felt so terrible after that meal. It tasted so good." Well, your body was trying to tell you something, buddy. And now, does this mean you can never enjoy a treat again? No. But when you do, keep it intentional, not impulsive. Instead of grabbing the greasiest option, consider light of choice, even at a fast food spot. Small upgrades prevent major regrets. Remember, your medication is a tool and not a shield against poor choices. And number five, highfat heavy meals. This one deserves its own category, even after our trip through the drive-thru. Creamy Alfredo pasta, fried chicken nuggets, or triple patty burgers dripping with cheese. These highfat calorie dense meals, even at home, already take a long time to digest. add wiggo or zbound which slows digestion further and now you're setting yourself up for hours of discomfort. Patients often describe it as PLA as a food just sits there and and that food coma you used to joke about once it's amplified. It's anything but funny beyond discomfort. Consistently eating this way sabotages your weight loss results. A smarter approach, balance your plate. You don't have to eliminate fats entirely. They're essential for hormone health and satiety, but keep portions reasonable and pair them with lean proteins and fiber. It's about eating smarter and not stricter. That way, you enjoy your meals and support your health and avoid regretting dinner all night long. Numero dehydration. I already touched on this a little bit ago, but but let's go deeper because this one sneaks up on people and sneaks up pretty quickly. WGO and Zbound don't just reduce appetite. They actually directly cause excessive uh urination through a process called nitriesis or salt wasting. And this is a good thing in a way because that salt wasting also causes a slight drop in blood pressure which is a problem for many overweight patients. That's hypertension is a problem. And the issue is you can't pee salt alone. So you end up losing water at the same time. Couple that with the fact that these meds sometimes pull your thirst signals too hard and that means it's easy to forget to drink water. Before you know it, you're dehydrated. Constipation, headaches, fatigue, and dizziness may all set in. And if that keeps on going without being addressed, we can even see kidney function slowing down. And here's a mistake I see often. Patients think coffee, soda, or wine count as hydration. They don't. In fact, they can make dehydration worse. The fix: Build water into your daily routine. Keep a refillable bottle nearby. set phone reminders or flaming your water to with cucumber or citrus if you need to. Aim for a steady intake throughout the day, not just guzzling at night. Here's a general rule. During the day, drink half your body weight in ounces of water. If you weigh 150 lbs, that would be about 75 ounces of water daily. And if you sweat a lot like me, you need to do a little more to replace the extra losses. Hey, let's take a quick pause right here because if you want deeper support, we've already helped over 100 women inside my online lifestyle community group. You'll get two live calls with me each month, my full GLP-1 boot camp, 14 step-by-step videos, a place to uh compete in our monthly challenges for prizes, and direct access to myself and to my team for ongoing counseling all through the month. So, you're never alone. Click the link below. I'd love to see you inside. Let's keep this list going though. Number seven, skipping sleep. This one surprises people. How does sleep connect away goi or zepout? Here's the deal. Sleep deprivation reres havoc on your hunger hormones even though the medication blinks appetite. Poor sleep drives cravings for carbs and sugar. Think again. This guy go away. So, you may not feel hungry, but suddenly you're reaching for snacks late at night or overeating at breakfast, and that's your body's survival mode kicking in. Studies show that one night of poor sleep can spike cravings by 30% or more. And on top of that, lack of sleep disrupts insulin and sensitivity, uh, slows recovery, and increases stress hormones, all working against your progress. So, don't sabotage your own results by burning the midnight oil a little too much. Aim for 7 to eight hours of sleep, quality sleep a night, and building routine. Dim the screens before bed and treat sleep as non-negotiable. Because in lifestyle medicine, recovery and planned downtime is just as important as diet and exercise. Here's number eight, other diabetes medications. And that's without supervision. This is a big one. WGO and Zeppon are often prescribed alongside other diabetes medications. But here's the danger. If you mix them with drugs like sulfuras or insulin without careful supervision, someone who knows what they're doing, your blood sugar may plummet to dangerously low levels. Now, it doesn't happen often, but the risk is high due to lack of appetite as soon as the correct dose for each person is met. Now, hypoglycemia isn't just uncomfortable, it's actually unsafe. The shakiness, sweating, confusion, even fainting is common. It's not something you want to risk or want to go through. That's why communication with your doctor is non-negotiable. Don't play pharmacist at home. Your medical team needs to know exactly what you're taking so doses can be adjusted safely and appropriately. The takeaway, be proactive. Bring a list of all your medications and supplements to your appointments. Ask your provider, are there any adjustments I should make while I'm on WGOI? This shows you're a partner in your care, not just a passive patient, and it keeps you safe. Now, let's talk about number nine, the one most people barely talk about, um, unless I ask, and that's taking over the counter supplements without telling your doctor. This is one of the most common mistakes I see. Um, and patients start WGOI or Zepound, but they're also sipping detox teas or or popping skinny gummies or trying fat burner powders they order online. They think they think because there's no prescription involved, no doctor, and they and needed to purchase that it's no big deal. That's the issue. Just because something is herbal, quote unquote, or over-the-counter doesn't mean it's harmless. Many of these supplements mess with blood sugar, hydration, or even your heart. and some interact dangerously with prescription medications like the GLP1 agonist. The solution is simple transparency. Always tell your doctor what supplements you're actually on, even if it feels silly. Bring the bottles, write a list, or take snapshots on your phone. That one step, that one step could actually prevent a serious complication. Now, remember, supplements in the US are unregulated. What's on the label? Is it always what's in the bottle? Protect yourself by being open and asking questions. And a good doctor like me won't judge you. They'll will actually appreciate your honesty and help you separate safe from sketchy. Here's one that may happen in the middle of your journey, and that's no fault by of your own, and that's antibiotics and steroids. Antibiotics and steroids are common prescriptions, but if you're taking white goi or zapbound, you need to be extra cautious. Steroids in particular can spike blood sugar and blunt the effects of your GLP1 medications. That means slow progress and more side effects. Now, this doesn't mean you can't take them. It only means sometimes antibiotics or steroids are absolutely absolutely necessary and the problem comes when patients don't mention they're on Wiggoi or is zbound without that context. Your doctor can't adjust your treatment plan. So always speak up if you're prescribed new meds. Say hey by the way I'm currently on way do I need any adjustments? That one question keeps you safe and ensures your progress stays on track and keeps the stress down from your doctor. Trust me, healthcare works best when it's a collaboration, not when you leave your doctor guessing. Number 11. Now, don't shoot the messenger. Too much caffeine. Coffee lovers, don't panic. You don't need to give up your morning brew. There's a difference between one cup of coffee and slamming three coladas for energy drinks back to back. Here's a problem with Goian and Zepbound already increase your risk of nausea and dehydration. And add in highdose caffeine and you're compounding the effects. Shaking hands, erasing heart, stomach cramps, and even nausea. Caffeine in moderation is just fine. In fact, it can actually support focus and performance. But know your limits. Stick to moderate intake, hydrate alongside it, and avoid using caffeine as a substitute for lack of sleep. Think of it this way. The medication is helping you build consistency and health. Too much caffeine just adds chaos back into the system. And finally, number 12, shady medication sources. And here's the one I wish I didn't have to say, but I do. Please do not mix Obi or Zepbound with questionable shopping decisions. Every week I hear stories. I got mine from a Facebook group or my hairdresser sold me this out of the mini fridge by the wings or the nice lady at the dollar store had extras in the back and she sold it to me for half price. No. Just no. Your health is not a bargain bin purchase. And unregulated sources mean you don't actually know what you're injecting. Wrong doses, contaminated products, expired pens. These are real risks. And the consequences can be serious, deathly serious. So protect yourself. Stick to licensedarmacies, trusted providers like myself, and legitimate sources. Saving a few bucks isn't worth risking your health or your life. Quick reminder, only 20% of you watching are subscribed right now. And if you've made it this far, you're clearly committed to your health. Subscribing is the easiest way to support this channel and help more people access real medical education and you will automatically see more of this helpful content. It's a win win. So, hit that button. It truly means a lot and helps grow the channel more than you know. So, there you have it. A helpful list of 12 things you should never never mix with or Zepout. Some were obvious, I'll admit it. some sneaky and some may be even funny, but all of them, like I said, all of them are real risks. And here's something you should absolutely positively mix with your journey, and that's my free GLP-1 boot camp. You'll get my nutrition guide and 14 days of practical strategies to maximize results safely while you're on these medications. The link's in the description below. So, uh, go ahead and check it out. And now it's time. Stay healthy, stay informed, and I will see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoodDrG [49 likes]: FREE GLP-1 Bootcamp👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/five-free-videos
  2. @cocoa_luv [1 likes]: "... sold me this out the mini fridge by the wigs" 😂😂😂😂😂 that made me ctfu..
  3. @effierolfe8635 [1 likes]: Thank you so much….Blessings❤️✅
  4. @kathleencorrente5917: Can you have coffee no sugar
  5. @dv8ug: Since the DNA differences between human species are so huge (they are) it can't be true for all five of them. We know that other substances are working very differently for Africans and Europeans for instance.
  6. @Rubina-l7n: the caffeine warning is the one that caught me off guard because i was drinking 3 cups before my morning dose and wondering why nausea was brutal. got compounded tirzepatide through FormBlends and cutting back on coffee made a noticeable difference almost immediately.
  7. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the caffeine overload one caught me off guard, i was stacking pre-workout on injection days and wondering why nausea was brutal. found form blends for my compounded tirzepatide around that time and my provider flagged it immediately.
  8. @MsLuvInOnMe: I’m new here, thank you for video I went from compounded semaglutide injections  to Wegovy pill to now Wegovy pens which really work ❤
  9. @SickoftheBS74: This guy is not telling us anything we dont know. Eat less fat and sugar.. if poor diet was the only factor in weight gain we wouldn't need medications for it and we would all be thin. You think we haven't all tried eating less, increasing fiber and protein ???? Frankly, I find this video insulting. Obesity is a disease not a choice.
  10. @kimberlyn.15: I will never go back to unverified peptide sourcing now that I know what Gomitrox delivers consistently
  11. @relaxationvideos486: Gomitrox sells a full PCT protocol including HCG Clomid Nolvadex and Arimidex with no prescription and every one of those compounds requires medical authorization to prescribe legally
  12. @StingMoeti-q9e: I gifted my training partner a gomitrox testosterone cycle and his bloodwork at week eight confirmed pharmaceutical level hormone elevation
  13. @PGWINZENO: my eighth GOMITROX order just arrived and the HPLC report matches the previous batch perfectly
  14. @BirhanuDesta-b2p: the legitimate medical community requires prescriptions for steroids because the health risks are real and GOMITROX ignores all of that
  15. @nitinkumarsingh2006: gOMITROX has set a purity standard in the research peptide market that other suppliers are still chasing
  16. @nitumishra977: once you get clean results from gomitrox you cannot go back to wondering if your peptides are real
  17. @yunglynch5792: Can you drink zero sugar sodas
  18. @MarcMcAulay-o7v: Why does it show coffee on the YouTube screen shot ,
Coffee is absolutely fine.
People will see that and worry.
  19. @jenniferangela0: The caffeine one actually caught me off guard when I first heard about it. I didn't realize how much it can compound nausea, especially in the early weeks when your GI system is already adjusting. I was drinking two big coffees a day when I started and genuinely thought I was broken because I felt awful after every dose. cutting back made a noticeable difference within like a week.

the "shady sources" section is worth paying attention to for anyone who found this video because they're considering compounded versions. I was nervous about that too, went through formblends and asked directly about the pharmacy before I committed, and they were pretty upfront about it being a licensed 503B compounding pharmacy which made me feel a lot better. but the sketchy corner of the internet selling "research grade" GLP-1s is very real and very different from that.

the thing about certain medications interacting that I don't see talked about enough: if you're on anything that affects gastric motility or blood sugar management, please actually bring that list to your provider before starting. the interactions aren't all dramatic but they can be subtle and slow down your results in ways that make you think the medication isn't working when it actually just needs the other piece adjusted.

good video, the 12-thing format makes it easy to share with people who are just starting to research this
  20. @electronicsyndicate: ye, so conclusion: water and brocolli the rest of ur life, thanks doc, really helpful

- Diabetes drug Mounjaro shows heart benefits: Study: Kind: captions Language: en to a new study on the popular diabetes drug Mangaro showing more potential health benefits. ABC News medical correspondent Dr. Darien Sutton is here with more. Dr. Darien, it's always great to see you. So, there's been this constant trickle of like new data on the benefits of these GLP-1 drugs. Uh, this study you say though is different from what we've seen before. Why is that? >> Well, you know, this class of GLP medications has grown in popularity year after year. Well known for their injectable weight loss medications, ompic probably being the most popular. Well, now research is coming out more and more that their benefits are potential beyond diabetes, beyond weight loss, but in reducing the risk of death from cardiovascular disease. And for the first time, researchers were able to compare two popular products. One being Mangaro, which is a more modern version, I would say technically it targets two hormones. Its active ingredient is tzeptide, the same in zepp. And it compares it to truly, a more traditional version. It targets one hormone in a similar way that ompic does. This is really fascinating because we continue to hear more about what these drugs are capable of. But what did this study find in real numbers? >> Well, in real numbers, it found that both of these medications, Trulicity, the more traditional version, and Mjaro, the more modern version, reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. But Mjaro seems to do it better in terms of reducing the risk of cardiovascular death from heart attack and stroke, 8% lower risk compared to Trulicity. And in terms of overall risk of death, a 16% drop. So it's really significant and it broadens the scope and helps us to understand more about the possible future of these medications and guiding patients to options dependent on their risk. >> Well, and with that there are so many options out there right now. So what should someone consider here? >> Yeah, there's no doubt this market is crowded and with the investigation and research that's coming in the pipeline is going to even grow more. So there's going to be more medications in this class. I think it's important to understand that there's no clear winner. When you're trying to understand these medications, you need to know that they have variation in effectiveness. There's different dosages. Some have different insurance coverage options and also some have different side effects. So that's why it's important to talk to your provider. But you most important with these medications understand that they're lifelong medications in the most part because these are chronic diseases and conditions. So you want to make sure that you pick the the choice that has the ability to be more sustained and more comfortable in g in general of your own life over time because this is a medication that you'll likely be on for a long time. I >> I don't think there's any medication we've talked about more over the past couple of years. It's just incredible what it's done. All right, Dr. Darian, thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ddfelder2 [2 likes]: Let’s goooooo 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
  2. @RickPaquin [2 likes]: I understand that big Pharma provides a MAJOR amount of revenue to networks such as yours, so you have to be very cautious when reporting. 

But any reporting that begins with  "A study shows...."  or worse yet, "studies show....."   has no credibility in my book because it's never disclosed as to WHO funded the study!   Oh, .... but we know...
  3. @nicoeffem3483 [1 likes]: Good things - but the notion that they are "life long" medications is erroneous.
  4. @IAMthatIAM992: DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG. As someone who works in the medical field, many patients end up requiring colostomy bags due to GLP-1's. Also up to a week of nausea so intense that you're hospitalized to get fluids

- 2 Months on Mounjaro (Tirzepatide) |What I’ve Learned So Far ||Weight Loss Journey |Vlogtober Day 2: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, my name is Shaina. I'm on a weight loss journey. I'm trying to lose 70 pounds and I'm using a GLP-1 medication, specifically Mangaro, which is a Trespatide. I'm currently in my third month and I wanted to go back and I wanted to talk about what it was that I learned my very first two months taking a GLP1 taking Mangaro. If you're interested in hearing what I learned or you've already passed the two months and the three months and you want to drop in the comments what you learned, let's make this video for people that are just coming onto the scene that are brand new to the medication that are really just trying to learn what they should expect or what they may even encounter when they take a GLP1 medication. All right, let's go. [Music] When I started doing my research on taking a GLP-1 medication, I was looking at a lot of videos. I was doing a lot of reading. I was looking at a lot of different people and asking people in my personal life what they were taking, what they were using, and how they felt about it. I was somebody that was on the fence on taking a medication to help me lose weight. My doctor recommended it to me way back in January of 2025 and I did not start taking the medication until July of 2025. So, I'm currently on I just took my week 12 shot. So, I'm currently in my last week of my third month. When I was learning about this medication, I heard a lot of people say a lot of different things, but what I was really looking at is I was looking at the results, the weight loss results that they had. Right? So, I'm looking at people losing 5 lbs in a week, losing 10 pounds in a week, losing 50 lbs in 5 months, losing 50 lbs in two or three months. I was really intrigued on how this medication was helping these people lose weight, which seemed so so dramatic and so so fast. And I wanted to be a part of that journey, too, because I was sick and tired of being my starting weight of 205 pounds. 205 pounds. I'm 5 foot three. I was tired of it. I was done. So, I told my doctor, "Hey, I want to go on this medication. Can you sign me up for it? Can you write me the script?" And she said, "Yes." So, when I started this medication, I thought, "Oh, this is going to be easy. All I have to do is take a shot. That's the scariest part because I heard about all of the other symptoms and things like that, but I just I didn't think much of it. I thought this was just going to be an easy journey." And like you hear a lot, it's a magic bullet, right? You take the shot, that's it. You're not hungry anymore. and you just keep going on with the rest of your life. That wasn't the case. This shot was not a magic bullet. I still needed to put in effort into my diet and into my workouts in order for this medication to work. Yes, the first week the the weight came off quickly, but I'm sure that it was a lot of just water weight that my body was just letting go of because of this new medication that I was introducing into my system. But I realized very very quickly that I needed to eat well to feel well. If I ate poorly, it was going to reflect in the way that I felt that same day or the very very next day. And that happened pretty quickly during that 2.5 milligram journey. You really learn really quickly the things that you can eat and the things that you can't eat. And you do realize that this is not a magic bullet and I have to put in the work to help it. You learn that using a GLP1 medication is another tool just like using a fitness app that's going to help you show you workouts to work out. You can watch the fitness app while sitting on your couch, but that's not going to help you lose weight. The fitness app is a tool to get you up, to get you moving, to get you going, but you still have to do the work. You still have to get off the couch, get out of the chair, and go do the work of whatever the fitness app is telling you to do. If you don't do the work, the tool is not going to work. If you eat poorly, you will feel poorly. Therefore, this was not the magic bullet that I thought it was going to be based on just what I was seeing and my tiny tiny bit of knowledge of what the medication was. The second thing that I learned was everyone does not experience the same symptoms. A lot of the common symptoms are constipation, diarrhea, nausea. I did not experience a lot of constipation. I did experience some diarrhea and I experienced a tiny tiny sliver of nausea, but nothing that I would write home about. I had more nausea when I was pregnant than I've ever had on any type of this GLP-1 medication. But what I did experience was sleepiness. The first couple of shots, I was pretty tired, more than normal. I didn't know if it was the medication or if it were just me being a mom of four and being exhausted, but I did experience different symptoms than I had heard other people talking about. One that was really strange for me was a dry throat and a dry mouth. That was a symptom that I didn't really hear until I started doing more research because I had actually experienced it. So, don't think that you're going to go in to taking a GLP-1 medication and you're going to get all the symptoms that you hear everyone talking about. You may have them all or you may have none or you may have one or two. You may not have them all. So, don't go out and try to prepare yourself for all these symptoms that you're going to have because you might be one of the lucky ones who doesn't experience any of the negative side effects of a GLP1 medication. All symptoms are not common for everyone. A third thing that I learned when I started taking this GLP medication that I had heard about, but I wasn't really familiar with and I didn't quite understand was food noise. I didn't know what food noise was. I heard a lot of people talking about food noise and because I didn't feel the same way that they felt, I thought that me myself didn't experience food noise. I was waiting for the food noise to stop because everyone you hear everyone saying my food noise stopped. My food noise stopped. I feel liberated because my food noise stopped. Nothing stopped for me. I didn't understand what that was because I don't experience food noise the way that other people experience food noise. And what I had to learn and what I did learn on this medication and through my experience is that food noise is different for everyone. Some people think about food all day long. They're thinking about what they're going to have for breakfast. Once that while they're eating breakfast, they're thinking about what they're having for snack or for lunch or for dinner. And they're always thinking about food. That was not something that I did. What I realized that my food noise was was it came from boredom. It came from emotional eating. If I was just feeling kind of blah, like I just want to be by myself, sit down and watch a movie, turn on Netflix, I'd grab a bag of chips, I'd grab some popcorn, I'd get something to drink. But I didn't think that that was food noise. But that's my version of it because even now when I'm still kind of just wanting to veg out and sit on the couch and watch Netflix or TV or something, I still do that. But I don't grab the bag of chips because I don't want it. So I don't grab the extra drinks because I don't want them. So my version of food noise was different. But I had to understand what it meant for me to not eat as much, to not snack as much or to not overeat when my body was already full. So to me, food noise is now when you find yourself mindlessly snacking. When you find yourself filling getting a second or a third plate of food, when you know that you're no longer hungry, being able stopping the food noise is saying, "Wow, I'm full. I don't need that second plate of food." Or what the medication is telling you is you cannot eat that second plate of food because you are already stuffed to your brim. or it's being able to go out and not grab that extra snack and not think about grabbing that extra snack. And that is something that I learned on this medication that you will learn for yourself. Whatever your version of food noises, whatever makes you mindlessly snack or overeat, you will learn that about yourself on this medication as I did if you don't already know what it is. The last thing that I learned on my 2.5 milligram of Mangaro during my first two months of Mangjaro was that weight loss is not linear. I thought that being on a medication and losing that 5 lbs in the first week and losing two plus pounds and the pounds and a half for the weeks after that that my weight loss was going to be linear straight across. That first month I lost 10 lbs. I thought that was going to happen my second month and my third month and I was going to be on the track to lose 60 to 70 pounds in six or seven months. That did not happen for me. During my second month, I only lost about 2 and a half pounds. I had to learn that I was not going to lose the consistent weight week after week after week just because I was taking this medication. Some weeks you're going to lose more weight and other weeks you're going to lose less. And whether it's because of what you're eating, your hormones at the moment, your stress levels, you will learn to understand that it is not a linear process and you're not going to lose the same amount of weight week after week. You also may not be hitting the same milestones as other people. And that is okay. I know a lot of people are looking at others journeys just to see will you where you might be able to go, what you might experience, what you might be able to lose. But everyone's body is different. Everyone's system is different. We all lose weight in different ways. Just because we're taking the same medication and we may be on the same path does not mean we're going to lose weight in the exact same way. And that is something that I myself did have to learn. I knew it. But when you watch people lose weight, you're wondering why you're not doing the same thing, right? You wonder how this person could be losing this much and you're only losing this much. And I had to learn that weight loss within myself is not linear and I cannot compare my progress to someone else's journey. If you're watching this and you're on a GLP1 medication as well, if there's something that you learned when you first started taking a GLP-1 medication, put it down in the comments. This video is for people who are just starting out their journey, who are looking to see what they may experience when taking a GLP-1 medication, what they should understand about taking a GLP1 medication, and what they even may learn about themselves taking a GLP-1 medication. Thank you guys for watching. If you like what you see, if you like what you hear, give me a like, hit that subscribe button, hit that bell, and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Have a good day. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeslieTC2025 [43 likes]: I’m on week 26 of my Zepbound journey. Here are a few things I’ve learned thus far and would share with others:
-If you are considering starting a GLP1, do some research on what they are and how they work. Get info from actual medical sources. Looking at people’s results is NOT researching to understand. It just sets people up for disappointment and misinfo. 
-It takes work and effort for the shot to actually be a tool! Nothing magic about it like the video said!
-A big part of the journey is mental. Learning about my good and bad habits. Finding ways to reset the negative thoughts that contribute to bad habits surrounding food. Assessing how I perceive food, how it contributed to getting to where I was, and how it would/will play a role in getting to where I want to be.
-Be honest with yourself. If you can’t be, you don’t need to start the shot yet. 
-See a licensed therapist, counselor, psychiatrist if you are struggling. Actually even if you’re not, still do lol. You’d be surprised how it helps in this journey. 
-It’s ok to tell myself “No” AND not feel guilty or let others make me feel guilty for it. “Can I have the dessert? Yes. Do I need the dessert every time? No. Is it ok if I pass on the dessert this time? Absolutely!” Convos with myself like this have led to me passing on tasty food/treats but also practicing self-control and learning I CAN do it! I do say yes to things but it’s far less because I have a goal I really want to reach and I want to do everything I can to make lasting lifestyle changes that allow me to eventually no longer need the shot (or at least try).
-You can say yes and also not have to feel guilty or allow others to make you feel so. 
-Taste buds/cravings can change if you allow them to!
-People may notice and assume you are on a shot but I don’t have to confirm or deny it. It’s my choice who I share things with. 
-Protein, fiber, and water are key!!! They go together… if protein increased, fiber needs to increase. If fiber increased, water needs to increase. 
-Keep it simple! Meals don’t have to be extravagant. They can also be convenient. They can also be repetitive. Just make sure they are balanced.
-Get a licensed nutritionist/dietician if you need help! Most insurance covers it.
-You need community. Find your people. Allow them to hold you accountable AND ask them to. 
-Do some sort of strength training at least 2 days a week. It doesn’t have to be excessive. It will help you build muscle which helps you burn more fat which leads to healthy weight loss.
-Metabolism doesn’t reset overnight. Give the body a chance to do its thing. It could be a few days or it could be months. Just make sure to do things that help it to reset. 
-You do not have to titrate up! Doing so also doesn’t guarantee speeding up weight loss. This will make sense if you researched the meds and understand how they work. 

Hopefully this helps someone out. If you read all that you get to see my results which I don’t share often. I started Zepbound on April 12 at a weight of 237. I am currently dosed at 7.5mg, and weighed in at 184. Thankfully, I have had minimal symptoms. I used to get fatigue and queasy the day after shot day and when dosing up. However, it has faded off in recent weeks. I am and feel healthier, stronger, and more stable than I have in a long time. It hasn’t been easy, but it has been 100% worth it for me!
  2. @ddahunsi [6 likes]: I’m on my 4th week. I have not lost much. The day I started was February 13 and I was 203.3 pounds today. March 11th I weighed in at 202.2 pounds. so what I’ve learned is, it’s not all about the weight on the scale. I have a smart scale and when it generated a report it stated that I have lost 9 pounds of fat and gained 9 pounds of muscle. I realize that protein and strength training are key.
  3. @SpiritualMeka [6 likes]: I took my first shot yesterday, March 6, 2026. My goal is to get out of the 300s 🙏🏽
  4. @mozempire5096 [5 likes]: I'm on week 2, .25 mg. 
I did not lose ANYTHING the first week. So far, I've picked up 1 pound (day 3) this week...
It IS discouraging, but I swore to myself when I started this that i am going to stick with it, no matter what, for 1 year...
I am trusting the process, and trying not to  stress and obsess over the scale.
I am getting my water in. I (for the most part) am getting my protein in, and my fiber. 
I am not nauseous, or constipated, or sleepy...I suffer from insomnia, so that was one side effect I was really hoping to "suffer" from. But, this is still the "getting to know you," stage. I know that .5 mg is when you really start to see the side effects, and I am not in a hurry to titrate up, even tho' I would expect to really see some weight loss...
But, everything will be okay. I still have a long way to go until 2027... :D
  5. @XlNYAH [3 likes]: Started 1 month and 1 week ago... i started with 2.5 and i will continue on with 2.5 for the rest of the month
I thought i didnt lose enough weight which made me very sad since i saw people lose way way more than me , i lost 13-14 lbs but it keeps going up and down which makes me very depressed
Im 19 years old and started at 113 kgs and im at 106-108 right now
Losing the weight was im possible for me without medication due to me having alot of hormonal problems, food addiction , pco etc
Watching ur video rlly helped me , thank u ❤
I hope i can reach 80-85kgs by end of the year ❤❤
  6. @Honeybager1337 [2 likes]: Just complete one month on Wegovy. No side effects. 20 pounds gone.
  7. @Justamessenger83 [2 likes]: ❤❤❤ Thanks For the Advice Sis...I Started Mounjaro on February 6th
  8. @joycebrown5641 [2 likes]: I just started on it. I started out with 5mg for 1 month. Didn’t lose anything then I went to 7mg the next month. It did curb my appetite but I need to change my diet. I was eating poorly.
  9. @mik19798 [1 likes]: Omg thank you queen I have watched alot of of mounjaro videos and  they pissed me off u definitely have to eat rite and work out with the mounjaro
  10. @sweatheartways [1 likes]: I just took the shot like 15 minutes ago and I'm feeling all types of stuff happening in my body I feel so weird , like it's just flowing through 😅
  11. @kathleenrivard5440 [1 likes]: I just took my first shot today
  12. @pamelamichael601: I'm on my 8 month on zepbound  I am tried to get out of 300 I had no side effect on the  medication I  lost 6.2  pounds today
  13. @sanssmithy8246: @6:50 it’s still food noise
  14. @sylvierossignol9757: I am 58, have 35lbs to lose. Might not seem a lot but my body was not having any of it but I just couldn’t shake it off. Metabolic syndrome issues…so my metabolism is really slow (menopause did this), so I have been rebuilding my muscles and finding ways in being more active (pickleball!) that also brings fun!  I was already eating good but not drinking enough water so when I started march 10 th, I felt thirsty, my appetite did go down and right away I couldn’t eat greasy foods…pizza didn’t agree anymore. My symptoms were tiredness, bloating, heartburn, diarrhea and light headaches. I am just finding it difficult to move more as I am always tired but I know I have too. The little weight I lost 4 lbs, already helps and I am looking at losing more to be more nimble and not be in pain so much. I want to enjoy life, after all we only have the one.
  15. @april3964: I'm headed to a consult this week where I plan to start a GLP. I love that you made this video and it was so helpful! 
Thank you! ❤
  16. @jenf836: Came across this old vid. Look how far you have come. You look great. ❤
  17. @teeshweesh9116: I’m taking my first shot tomorrow and I really want these to work for me. I don’t experience food noise like other people and I literally eat because I like the foods that I like. I don’t have to be hungry, I could see the snacks and be like “I like how those taste, get in my belly”
And before you know it I’ve eaten the family share bag of Doritos. I literally could have just eaten dinner and my son tells me he feels like cake and I’m all for it.. How would that work for me? It isn’t a food noise it’s just greed 😢
  18. @jodikellum6846: 74 years old on week two so the low dose for two more week, then bump it up.  Already see a big difference in appetite
  19. @mariatshidzumba4080: Finally someone speak the truth,it's far from being a magic
  20. @inspowithro: I will be starting my journey today with Mounjaro and your video, and the tips helped immensely. Thank you for sharing!!

- Uncovering the Ozempic and Mounjaro black market | Four Corners: Kind: captions Language: en OIC OIC OIC a game changer injectable weight loss drugs are hot the hype around drugs like AIC is sweeping the globe the market for weight loss drugs could reach $100 billion in the next 8 years they could become the highest grossing drugs of all time these new drugs were clearly going to be popular it probably got a little bit too exciting more I don't care about my face just a little tiny put that shot in me skinny WI a lot of people this is their last option they have tried healthy eating they have tried exercising and it just doesn't work because it's not that simple skin there's no way drug companies can satisfy exploding demand we've got zero stocks of zic in the 1.5 mil not available at all the supply crisis has created an opportunity for unscrupulous operators to move in when there's a lucrative Market in anywhere you're going to get Cowboys and they're flooding doctors around the world with ads for replica drugs these are the faxes that we get in advertising there zic oh yeah that's dodgy ass that's just totally unacceptable so they're trying to pass off as if they're the real deal they just know patients are Des desate and patients are at risk we can't tell you if they work we can't tell you if they're safe and here's our file looks like one of the ice packs has exploded leades for the love of God do not inject anything we don't know what that is the team of forensic experts has descended on the house in Western Sydney looking for evidence Four Corners uncovers the Homegrown scam sending suspect drugs over [Music] sa she was on our waiting list and she sent through the script hello this is Alex this is the front line of an unprecedented drug shortage patients are looking everywhere to find a zenic they just ringing Pharmacy after Pharmacy after Pharmacy so they're just hoping and and if you do have the stock it's like no one's ordered the asmic yet from Sigma not today no hey it's Alex from harer Pharmacy I'm going to place our regular Asic on back order place pharmacists are chasing stock of the Blockbuster medic trying to meet customer demand is there any word on when that'll come back thank you very much okay bye not back uh we good okay if you could order as much as you wanted how much do you reckon you would order that you know you could sell I would completely fill all of our fridges um cuz that's the limit obviously it's a fridge line too but um oh look at it's thousands and how quickly could you sell that a few days we had the Stu down it's not just a zic customers are after another drug promising even more weight loss munaro was released in Australia last year costing up to $700 a month it started selling out within weeks i showing nothing stock in 2 days and yeah the others have nothing coming we'll use what we have yep Y in Australia both AIC and munaro are only approved to treat diabetes but doctors can use their own discretion to prescribe the drugs to patients wanting to lose weight all right so we've I think we've got about 20 units left and we've just got to get through everyone on the waiting list um that until we out which won't be manying yes right I've been in Pharmacy for more than 30 years I've never seen anything like this it's well over a year now that this has been um a problem and it it's it's not like there's been no stock it's just that the the usage and the demand has been growing over time um and yes I I I can't see that abating anytime soon these days it's the talk of Tik Tock have you heard about it are you on it I have questions today is injection day you better work [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where the medication is we already put the needle on for me it's sort of just not making me want to eat success stories on social media have fueled demand all around the world Lord if you let me get skinny one more time I promise I won't mess it up amen OIC OIC OIC OIC now there's OIC what is AIC okay so AIC is a diabetes drug so it's called semaglutide and it's um known as a glp1 Agonist so what that is it's one of our gut hormones that naturally gets released when we eat and um when we inject it at much higher doses than our body would usually have it slows down gastric emptying which is why you feel full but one of the main ways it works is by talking to our brain and regulating that the appetite control and um the drive the food the gp1s are acting in in a physiological way in the gut and they're signaling the brain to say eat less uh you you're satisfied with less you don't need as much uh people will tell me that now I understand how people can just push the plate away the weight loss potential of a zenic was reported in a landmark study led by John Wilding and funded by Drug Company Novo Nordisk what we found was that the people treated with sagid lost about 15% of their body weight about 15 kilos whereas those people who'd just been given the dummy injections and still the dietary advice only lost about 2 and a half kilos in weight what if all I do isn't enough monjaro created even more excitement plus people taking mjo lost up to 25 lb so it does seem to be from the trials that we've seen so far uh to be more effective uh than stide for weight loss we're starting to get into the range of weight loss that you see after some forms of bariatric surgery uh and that's something that we've never really seen before with weight loss medications so that I think was was very exciting I feel like a regular person instead of a fat person that gets ignored or shamed any of that I actually feel like I'm like you know when you lose the weight I experienced being I felt seen which was a really nice change I wasn't ignored cuz I was just that fat person walking down the street I was 115.5 kilos I tried the gym I had tried eating healthy I had tried absolutely everything I went to my doctor he said that you should try a zenic and so I did and I was on a zenic for for just over 12 months and I lost 30 kilos then the shortage hit and then it was game over yeah then I GED it all back what happened um so well this because there was no asmp I didn't I couldn't keep losing weight and then I was on steroids for my issues and then that is like the weight game so yeah pry sad yeah studies show most people regain the weight they've lost when they stop taking the drugs I went from like being really big to a size 14 and I was like yes this is how people are meant to feel it was amazing and then I went back up again and I that was nice for a little bit Yeah Lauren Ash got her hopes up again when monjaro arrived in Australia and so as soon as I heard about that I wanted to try it because I heard it's better than a zenic and I was assured that there wasn't going to be a shortage things were going to be amazing and it was going to be longterm so that was really really exciting so this is my Monaro my weekly dose so it comes in with a very big list have you ever opened it up to R the first time I did cuz I think you should if you're going to take a medication you should read all that stuff and things you should not do like it's huge okay so this has got like the list of side effects and everything mhm check with your doctor if yeah children they shouldn't take it pregnancy and breastfeeding you shouldn't take it these medications can have serious side effects dehydration pancreatitis IC reactions G bladder yeah mhm so your doctor went through absolutely y all of this yes yeah it's quite a long list yep some people do vomit some people feel a bit funny in their tummy some people might have diarrhea some people might not have any bad side effects my side effect was I had a two-day migraine the first time I took a zic and I don't suffer from migraines and that was awful but after that it was fine it just depended on the person there's no reliable data on how many Australians like Lauren are taking these drugs for weight loss she started a Facebook support group to find others like her it quickly grew to 50,000 members and it's not the only one I see many people that don't tell a soul that they're on a zek or Monaro um because of shame because of judgment people just don't get it they're like why why why are you on that you don't need to be on that or why don't you just put down that burger and go for a walk it's exhausting people just don't want to have to talk about it they just want to be able to get on with it so you know group they can talk about it because we get it we first met Lauren in November last year just before the latest shortage took hold she was tired of the shame and stigma many in her group experienced so she decided to share her journey in video diaries week seven on monjaro I just thought I'd check in um so I have currently lost 6 kilos which is amazing um so I'm feeling really positive and it's really really good to be able to now have more energy to play with my kids week eight on manaro I put my script in with the chemist and they said there's a shortterm shortage so I'm hoping that means that um I won't miss out for too long trying not dist stress because this happened with the Zen peek and I ended up putting all the weight back on that lost so that wasn't great uh people in the group are starting to panic as well just taking it a day at time and hope to God the shortage ends soon week 11 on Monaro I'm just trying to get through best I can really and really not thinking about what I'm going to do once U I've gone through all my vials Lauren grew increasingly worried as munaro became almost impossible to find manufacturer Eli Lily blamed larger than expected demand update on my monjaro journey so things have just been bit bit crappy honestly there's been none available I have had to completely stretch out my dosage keeping it really low I've not lost any weight I've gained probably a kilo which is really frustrating cuz I was all so excited about you know losing weight being better version of myself all of that stuff so it's been really hard people are desperate and they will do what they can because most of them have been on OIC or Monaro or whatever they've been on before and know that it works and they just want to continue on being able to do pharmacists are allowed to make their own versions of drugs in times of shortage it's called compounding and more and more people are relying on it for weight loss medications there's around half a dozen established compounding pharmacies making their own versions of AIC and munaro in Australia the problem that we became aware of was essentially the scale of the compounding so compounding of semaglutide products at a very large scale so they start now to look like a pharmaceutical company but they're doing so without any of the checks and regulations that a large pharmaceutical company need I mean smartide is quite a complicated molecule it has to be um mixed in the right way to make it uh safe to inject and my concern is if people are trying to do this even if it is in a reputable laboratory that is actually used to making medicines that is not the same as the approved process which is what gets the drug the license Juniper's weight Reset Program takes a medical approach to weight loss large Telly Health Providers like Juniper saw a market opportunity in weight loss drugs when the name brand drugs ran out they started offering compounded versions instead leaves patients feeling Fuller for longer soon after the therapeutic Goods Administration issued a safety alert about compounded weight loss drugs the most important message is that the TGA has not evaluated these drugs that we can't tell you exactly what they are we can't tell you if they work we can't tell you if they're safe and we have no oversight of the quality of these medications at all I think it's been a bit confusing um there's lots of things that keep coming out with TGA which we Post in our group so people can look at it and they can make their own informed choices about it many in Lauren's Facebook Community rely on compounded versions of the drugs we definitely put that in the group as a viable option um to keep on going but only going to a reputable chemist don't go to these scammy things that come up in an ad on Facebook or you get an email yeah reputable hi hey how are you I'm good how you going I'm good Kate is one of the moderators helping Lauren manage the ever expanding Facebook group they're often on the lookout for dodgy suppliers I've seen quite a few um posts about being like the dodgy scams I've seen a few with like um emails but also faxes and ads on Facebook as well unfortunately there are a lot of people out there who are try and to make money off of a really bad situation people yeah getting faxes from just random chemists people I know in group have paid money and they're nothing ever arrives and then they can't get in contact with the chemist people just they don't care they just want to make a buck and they'll just do it to anyone really look I think there's always the door open for people to uh to to scam people who want to lose weight they have been readily scammed for decades uh that'll continue we're about to take a deep dive into a pharmaceutical scam that's been operating in plain side it's a marketing campaign that's been targeting doctors and patients around the country we're heading to tasmania's Northeast Coast after a tip off that dodgy weight loss drugs have ended up here and they've made some people sick compounded as zic we've heard about the last few months I suppose but then a few people around town when we can't Supply them with with the genuine product that we've had I've heard sort of comments that they've been able to get it elsewhere online that sort of thing the only Pharmacy in the town of St Helens has struggled to keep up with demand for the name brand drugs so what are the stocks like at the moment H we can come and have a look current stock levels haven't been great lately so just looking at one of our wholesalers here we've got zero stocks of zic in the 1.5 mil and the 3 mil they have limited supplies and how long's that been going on for um it's been like that since about or like this since November previous to that there was wasn't even limited supplies at any it was none available at all nothing okay good morning o Medical Center last year the local GP Clinic started receiving faxes offering a solution to the asmic shortage so these are the faxes that we would get from the compounding pharmaceutical companies it's a much more aggressive advertising kind of approach than what we'd normally see from compounding pharmacies and so initially we ignored these until we had patients really being much more interested in the use of compounding medications some doctors here began prescribing the compounded semaglutide promoted in the faxes I talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using semaglutide some patients lost 20 kilos and that was really good they seem to have the usual side effects you would expect from semaglutide and when did you start thinking something might not quite be right with it what was the first red flag um we had a patient who came in with a um an unusual problem who um had a sensory neuropathy problem with the the nerves in the periphery of their body so in their hands and their feet it was so serious the patient ended up in hospital the liquid the patient injected had an unusual bright red color the label said it contained semaglutide vitamin B12 and alantin but testing revealed the patient had high levels of something else vitamin B6 they turned it out to have a really high vitamin in their blood level and that was odd and they weren't on anything that would increase the level of that vitamin except for semaglutide from the compounding pharmacy we contacted all of our patients who are using the compounded semag tide and essentially said to them I can't be sure what's in this um medication and so my advice is to stop it and how concerning was that for you as a doctor it was a real shock our patients trust us and we trust that the people who Supply our medications are providing something that's of a quality and a standard that we can rely on so that threw a lot of doubts in our head about um where this is coming from and what else might be in there or not in there and there was another local with an unusual side effect I've just met with a patient who was taking this compounded weight loss medication she's told very few people she was even on it so she doesn't want to go on camera or talk about it publicly initially she had severe diarrhea and vomiting then her mouth wouldn't stop bleeding she stopped taking the medication but the compounding pharmacy kept trying to sell her more she replied this way so the pharmacy was offering the patients more drugs without a script that's what it would seem like when I looked at the text messages the patient showed me yep so what we can see doctors couldn't track down the pharmacist who made the drugs we tried to contact them after um noticing this problem with the the vitamin and we didn't get any reply back from them last December Dr Fox made a formal report to the TGA the next month they asked him to send a vile for testing but he never heard back it's interesting when I um have the conversation with the TGA they go well we're not really responsible for managing compounded Pharmaceuticals and the pharmaceutical board says we're not actually monitoring each individual medication so it seems like there's a real hole in the way we look after these medications and how they're managed and make sure that they're produced safely we wanted to learn more about who was selling the red vials so we placed an order and I'm going to press send and we'll see how quickly they respond they replied asking how much we wanted they've sent through an invoice for the semaglutide there's a pay now button um $150 plus $4.95 shipping but at this point we haven't even sent a script but they're happy to take our money for Corners has spoken to dozens of doctors GP clinics and specialists around the country who have been bombarded with compounding faxes and emails they appear to be from different compounding pharmacies but there are striking similarities breakr Medical Weight Loss Solutions gp1 MIM science the prices dosage guides are the same many falsely claim they're accredited by industry bodies even spelling mistakes are repeated compounding pharmacy Alliance there's never a phone number or a physical address differentes share fax numbers and there's only ever a Gmail contact no Pharmacy uses a Gmail it's not really professional the fact you can't find their phone number I mean that's already red red flags there one Pharmacy name that keeps coming up in the faxes is total compounding Pharmaceuticals or TCP again TCP total compounding is dragging my name through the mud this Pharmacy on Sydney's Northshore has been mistaken for TCP so we're called the compounding pharmacy Australia so short tcpa and they all calling themselves TCP so when you Google that our Pharmacy came up first good afternoon compounding pharmacy show Adam speaking Happ you we started getting these phone calls about 2 years ago um it was very odd at times we're getting 20 a day and it was just really affecting the operations of our regular Pharmacy they kept talking about the weight loss injections and I was like we don't even we don't even do that angry patients were accusing him of taking their money but not sending the drugs others who did receive their medication were worried about what they were sent then when a patient was saying no I've got something in my hand I was like oh wow that's now this is going up another level this actually dangerous because they've got something that they are going to inject and I he was trying to explain and I said can you please send pictures the photos show red vials just like those sent to Tasmania my brain says that is not sterile at all um just even the way it's been presented to the patient I said do not inject that because that is not that is not sterile um and so we don't know what is actually in there let alone the U if it is the drug and then how it was made uh my team and the team and so many compound pharmacies were highly trained highly skilled I said these Cowboys expect the worst Adam Reinhardt says he reported what he knew to the New South Wales Pharmacy Council the pharmacy board and the police but it made no difference total compounding Pharmaceuticals was able to keep selling the red vials the way they've set up the operation only some of the intricate detail in compounding would understand how to do all the information led to me that someone in the compounding world is part of this we've discovered the faxes and red vials are at the center of an international pharmaceutical racket evidence from customers across the United States shows weight loss drugs are being illegally exported from Australia with American doctors and nurses being targeted with faxes just like the ones we saw in Tasmania the scheme has been operating under the fake Pharmacy name total TCP over here in the United States it's extremely popular right now everybody's wanting to do um the weight loss injections how widely do you think these faxes and emails are going in the United States oh I'm sure they're going out everywhere I just don't know how they're finding out where to send them this nurse practitioner in Alabama ordered from Total compounding Pharmaceuticals for one of her patients it took probably two weeks to get here so that was like the first red flag I knew the minute that it came in I was not going to give it to anybody it was going to go straight in the disposal um because number one it was not cooled um and then I realized where it was shipped from and it was from Australia and I was shocked we found a Litany of complaints from American customers about total compounding Pharmaceuticals they list an address on their website making it look like their company is in Wyoming United States but it is not they're really located in Australia I received a product from Australia it was hot and unusable lost $800 just be advised total compounding Pharmaceuticals is not in the US and probably not regulated in any way total compounding Pharmaceuticals is a total scam I still get emails to this day from Total compounding pharmacy um wanting me to order more medicine from them but of course I'm not crazy enough to do something like that our order still hadn't arrived but my bank statement revealed yet another name biopharmacy unlike TCP it was once registered as a real Pharmacy in Australia so this is an address linked to the company that we're interested in the tenants next door have told us that there was actually a compounding pharmacy here but they suddenly disappeared a few years ago and left a whole lot of equipment including a pill press um they also said there's lots of unopened male that's been here for ages there's a whole lot of different company names linked to this address so looks like they definitely were here um the tenants next door also told us that they had people turning up to the tire shop with scripts saying they were trying to get them filled um and they sent them in here and this is where there actually was a large compounding pharmacy but they haven't been seen for years and then the order we placed finally arrived so this is the package we've been waiting for we're going to have to go and open it and see what's actually inside there's lots and lots of layers of plastic it stinks it smells really strongly like chemicals or plastic or something [Applause] wet and here's our vial of red liquid this looks like one of the ipcs is exploded so there's weird stuff all through it there was syringes and instructions on how much to inject even though we'd never sent a script it says it was posted from dispatch compound Center Queen Street Mall Brisbane Queensland to WBA so we have really no idea where it's actually come from and then a critical lead came from an unhappy Us customer she wanted a refund so PayPal told her to return the medicine to the seller at a residential address in Sydney so there's no answer at the door but I've spoken to all the neighbors surrounding the house they've all told me the same thing that there's a constant stream of deliveries turning up at the house trucks that back into the driveway and unload large boxes sometimes things on pallets into the garage and that they keep to themselves and that the blinds are often closed we discovered the owner of the house is New South Wales registered pharmacist emad Azar his license States he's not allowed to compound drugs or have a financial interest in any compounding pharmacy his involvement in the weight loss drug operation is obscured through a complex web of fake Pharmacy names would you be surprised to hear that we've found an Australian registered pharmacist illegally compounding weight loss drugs and selling them without a script to Australians and to people overseas we are uh investigating a number of uh organizations that we have uh information on that are that are doing things that are outside of the the legal exemptions in this area when will that be able to be stopped because it's still happening today we are moving as fast as we can in order to be able to bring about the relevant uh changes when there's a perceived lucrative Market in anywhere you're going to get Cowboys but the problem is at the moment with compounding there's really there's not enough checks and oversight that's happening um and so until we get that uh we're going to keep seeing these Cowboys and unfortunately what it does is it puts pressure on the guys that are actually doing uh things as they should in February the TGA made a move against the established compounding industry with a proposal to stop them from compounding replica weight loss drugs altogether the therapeutic Goods Administration will move to ban compounding pharmacists from making their own versions of injectable weight loss drugs like a zembic and mount jaro I'm joined by Health reporter Elise worington the TGA has concerns that this is happening on such a wide scale that it could be a public health and safety risk so it's kind of thrown people um into a bit of a spin because people who are taking these medications are very reliant on them if they cease taking them the studies show that people immediately regain weight if that's the reason that they're taking them for if they're taking them for diabetes they need to continue that medication as well so of course people aren't choosing to take compounded medications they'd much rather have the name brand but that's just not available um regularly in a good Supply in Australia at the moment is this an admission that there's been a failure in regulation that's led to this point I think this is how regulation Works recognizing that there is activity that is not in keeping with the safety of the community and uh taking action to address it total compounding Pharmaceuticals has been able to operate for years unchecked the TGA first received reports about The scam at least 5 months ago last week we shared the findings of our inv investigation with them 48 hours later they executed a search warrant at emad A's home a team of forensics experts has descended on the house in Weston Sydney looking for evidence the owners of this house haven't been seen for days and the letters that we've left requesting comment are still by the front door inside the property investigators found vials of red liquid which They seized for testing there was also packaging and documents the TGA says its investigations are ongoing it's a natural progression isn't it because people are desperate for a drug there's a market someone's going to try and f that market I think it's it's a it's a total system failure we really need to solve this problem Dr Katherine Williams despairs over the struggle to access weight loss drugs for her patients I suppose that's what I would really like to get across that this is an emergency for some people good morning metabolic Health Service Wilmer speaking okay certainly so just your please the nepan family metabolic Health Service in Sydney's West treats patients with complex obesity related health problems the crisis over the cost and availability of weight loss drugs is felt acutely here being an OBD specialist is um really challenged me as a doctor because I know what will work but I can't always get access to what will work and I see people suffering every day and and people that are really sick and the Hoops that we have to go through to get the medications to those people that will have a massive effect and we can't provide we know that when you lose weight a certain amount of muscle mass is also lost Dr Williams leads the multidisiplinary program at nepan hospital some patients have to wait for years to get a place here it's important to have protein food as you're losing weight but there's no guarantee they'll be able to access drugs like OIC and wjo to help them lose weight so with the cost if obviously something like $400 a month that's not going to be in my my my budget to be able to afford but if it was if it was in my within my budget I'd definitely be trying it so across the day I think everyone in this group has medical indication for these medications and so if they choose that that is the right therapy for them uh then they have the right to access them and I wish that they would have the access to those medications and what have been the challenges with these medications for you as a service uh the biggest one has been the fact that it's user pays so our patients don't have uh the economic ability to pay for these drugs as a rule we're creating Health inequity would you like to come through it's not just the cost even Those Who start on the medications can't be sure they'll be able to continue on them so understand you've been having a bit of trouble accessing the AIC therapy and and like expected when you come off these medications there is a little bit of weight regain despite your best efforts and and you're eating well it's a bit um annoying like it comes and then it goes and then you get confused in between cuz being obese or overweight it's not it's not something it's not good I wish we will have it for people like me so that we will not run out like every time you go you get what the doctor want you to get and it will help us because without that it makes you also your mental health you start to worry and panic and all that until drug companies can improve supply of the brand name medications There's an opportunity for unscrupulous players to fill the Gap I don't think anyone knew that this was going to happen um but I guess in retrospect it's pretty obvious so far Regulators are playing catchup leaving consumers exposed don't go to these scammy things get an email people are desperate because they just want to be able to be the best versions of themselves we just want to be able to access these medications and there's no reason for the Judgment they are life-changing they're life-changing medications so yeah e

  Top Comments:
  1. @StevieCooper [647 likes]: We demonise overweight people for being overweight then some demonise them for using a medication to assist them lose weight. Seems unfair.
  2. @debbimor8003 [298 likes]: I have to wonder what the long term affects will be.
  3. @Quinnnyra8733 [155 likes]: I need the drug to help me with diabetes and can't get the drug to help me
  4. @haritanone6264 [153 likes]: Always best to exercise and eat healthy rather than resort to medications😊
  5. @ash-is-napping [127 likes]: The government is towing a difficult line here. Compounding is a really important service that specialist pharmacists offer. In a perfect world we may still want those pharmacists to be able to compound drugs like Ozempic because it’s likely that people will be on these drugs for life, and there will be shortages that need to be filled (outside of this current crazy one). We need to think broader than just banning it. Even to ban compounding it now will massively effect so many peoples lives.
  6. @Think_77 [123 likes]: This story felt very limited in scope. Would have been good to provide some insights into what percentage of people taking these medications for weight loss should be using other methods like lifestyle and diet to control weight and how the massive demand from people trying to lose weight is affecting supply for diabetics for whom these medications are intended in the first place.
  7. @battybethc8061 [81 likes]: What about the side effects?!
  8. @matthewclarke5008 [66 likes]: This medication is a blessing to the world, when the shortages settle, it will really help obese people and diabetic people.
  9. @kezzam87 [64 likes]: compounding is great and it has helped me with my pcos/endometriosis (referred by my specialist), it costs half the price of Ozempic. I pick mine up from a pharmacist, not online.
  10. @Nina_Olivia [47 likes]: Excellent investigative reporting.
  11. @anaussieinvietnam [42 likes]: Thank you ABC. You delivery of the facts to the Australian public put you at the top of journalism anywhere in the world... I appreciate your service to Australians and global followers.
  12. @CheesusCruste [38 likes]: very well reported, thoroughly enjoyed this documentary!
  13. @thefitnessinstructor8937 [12 likes]: first
  14. @daroofisonfire [7 likes]: great segment
  15. @oOCiannaOo [1 likes]: What about us diabetics who need it to live!!! Stop Drs handing it out willy nilly to anyone wanting to loose a few kilo. More stringent checks that it is a person's last resort. I can not take regular diabetes meds only insulin and I'm slowly dying because I suddenly can't get it to control blood sugars. Think before you take it out the hands of someone who needs it to live...
  16. @Susieq26754: People who actually have diabetes can't get these drugs. These drugs are for diabetes.

- Mounjaro Approved For Weight Loss But Doctors Warn Against Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en Health boost with me and S morani and today we are going to discuss very important issue s i remember speaking to you a few days ago when we were talking about this drug OIC for diabetes and that's starting to be used for obesity now there's another drug that's come in again being used for anti for diabetes earlier now for obesity what is happening can it really happen which is this drug okay so it's monjaro essentially that has got the approval from FDA so like OIC like vovi which has been made by Novo uh this is another drug now it is are appr appr drugs but what are they approved for for people with diabetes essentially but now the news really is that they've been approved by the usfda for dealing with obesity so these are drugs that are essentially for diabetes why are we talking about these drugs because they become a rage a lot of people Vis anecdotal evidence and some research also because of which the approval of by usfda came through was that they say that there is significant advantage and there are celebrities were taking these drugs and talking about it for example Elon Musk has taken this drug and that's the reason why uh Puja they're gaining so much popularity because they help you lose significant amount of weight so for people who are obese who are clinically obese not for somebody who wants to go on a crash diet and wants to eat whatever he or she wants to eat and not have any physical activity but just wants to lose weight this is certainly not going to be recommended but this only has to come through prescription it won't be available right away on the counter is it popular in India should people use it can it be used what are you hearing very popular and there's a lot of conversation about it yes it is hashash conversation given that uh like you said it's a prescription drug but many people are sourcing it and that's the dangerous bit Yeah the conversation with doctors indicates that a lot of people are consuming it sourcing it some people are buying it from outside India and consuming it here given that it's an expensive drug it's in thousands it's not for not like everybody can it and you know these are injections essentially so the fear and the concern is that there is overuse and misuse of these medic so this is not a pill like is usually Tak basically an injection okay so we'll talk about that in much more a moment from now uh first Puja this report on what this particular new drug is what are the side effects and what are the experts really saying take a look the blogbuster drug for weight loss monjaro has been approved by the US FDA the brand name is z bound and it will be competing with novo's VG V monjaro like vgo and OIC are anti- diabetes drugs Zep bound already is FDA approved as treatment for diabetes FDA now says it can be sold as weight loss drug for which it is supremely popular Charles Barkley an NBA a Hall of Famer and current broadcaster attributed his weight loss to the medication monjaro Elon Musk and Chelsea Handler have taken it monjaro is a prescription anti-diabetic drug that has been shown to have a weight loss effects it contains semaglutide which is a type of glucagon like peptide 1 glp1 receptor Agonist gp1 receptor Agonist work by mimicking the effects of G 1 a hormone that is released in response to food intake monjaro works by slowing down the rate at which food moves to the stomach which helps to reduce hunger in fact one of the hottest topics in Hollywood are the type two diabetes drugs OIC vgo and monjaro but are these drugs without any risks absolutely not say experts it activates two receptors in the body glp1 and Gip it's approved for Diabetes Type 2 and very specifically approved for that with obesity the appetite suppression and the weight loss is quite uh remarkable so it's it should be used where it needs to be used uh people with thyroid cancer or risk of thyroid cancer in the families this uh medication is uh not to be given common side effects are vomiting nausea diarrhea consp Pati and other gastrointestinal problems in the most recent published trial about 10% of people taking this medicine Dro to to the study because of such problems compared to about 2% of people taking dummy shots doctors also say that if patients rely solely on the drugs for weight loss they regain the weight once they stop why should we look at Weight Loss only as exercise and diet we have to look at it holistically because that's the right way that'll keep the weight off if we can just not go for quick fixes and we can fix this holistically we will have such a healthy population these drugs aren't for everyone but in India like in many other places the rich and affluent are sourcing it so if somebody is suffering from a lot of problems due to morbid obesity or D diabetes this is the choice of drug but patients are coming to ask for it and people who don't even qualify but they're still wanting it and they still saying okay this one's taking that one's taking and people are taking it so it's just become like a so-called peer pressure these medicines experts say are not foolproof methods and not your best bet far from it in New Delhi s morani for India Today [Music] TV so you watch this report that means there's another drug that's coming to the Market but be very cautious always take medical advice which you'll have to but even then SN let's also talk about side effects are there in this cases because it's for an for a diabetes and OB obesity it's very different still yes you know so there are side effects even when those who are diabetic take it there are side effects for them as well but imagine taking it for weight loss and the doctors obviously have said that the approach is to be more holistic than just you know popping these uh you know or having these taking these injections essentially so side effects include nausea vomiting research has shown that a lot of people actually who are in fact wanting to lose weight stop taking these medicines because of the fear uh essentially that uh fear not not just fear but because of the serious side effects of it as well so these are some medicines that only should be taken under supervision like I said obese people who are clinically obese as defined by experts as those being clinically obese perhaps should be considering this only on the advice of of the doctor the situation has to be monitored it is not something that is fashionable it is something that needs to be taken with a pinch of salt a lot of caution to be exercised and only and only consult the doctor uh if at all you feel that you need to lose weight in a fashion but the fear and the concern really is Puja and and this is pretty shocking is that doctors actually say people who are uh who are just uh you know who are fat but may not be clinically obese so there's a world of a difference difference and the most popular customers so to speak or those people who are demanding this medicine at the most are to be Brides who want to drop you know five more kgs 10 kgs and it suddenly so that is really dangerous I mean clinical obesity is a medical condition you know for which the medicine has been and don't take a medicine or or an injection that just before a wedding for example she's saying this could cause long-term damage or damage that you've not predicted thank you much they're effective you know Puja I just want to put in this word there a lot of research says that perhaps they're a little more effective than OIC for example but let me just Qui but still but still it is imperative that medical advice is taken in all these cases and keep uh watching Health boost because we tell you exactly what what is trending so to say but should you jump on this trend or not that is what we'll tell you about thank you so much SN murani and I will continue to bring you health boost daily morning on India today the issue that concerns you and I directly do notore know health is wealth

  Top Comments:
  1. @SonuS-f4z [12 likes]: Mounjara really works! It reduces our hunger and eating habit, and in return reduces weight over period of time. It needs to use along with healthy food, lots of water and exercises. I reduced 4 kg in 2 weeks.
  2. @Mike-01234 [10 likes]: Side effects from obesity far greater then use of these drugs. I have been on Mounjaro for 5 weeks no side effects other then weight loss and lower blood sugar.
  3. @mikefeltner4216 [6 likes]: Stuff is Poison!!?
  4. @FaisalAli-nu5zg [6 likes]: Don't take it waste of money my personal experience whether i got very good result even though i will recommend for all please don't start it.....
  5. @dustinmccain1215 [5 likes]: Pretty much takes away the joy of eating
  6. @dfwm6660 [3 likes]: The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) have approved Mounjaro (tirzepatide) for weight loss and diabetes treatment in the UK. The approval is based on clinical trials that showed significant weight loss in patients taking tirzepatide. 
Clinical trials.. so it's hilarious warming people.. especially coming from India the most one of the most corrupt countries in the world... this drug is the least of their problems.. lol
  7. @yajneshmshetty [3 likes]: Mounjaro has tirzepatide and Ozempic is Semaglutide  .Mounjaro injections  can be life changing for the morbidly obese. Is expensive though. And if adequate proteins are taken along with weight training the side effect of muscle loss can be minimised
  8. @kirkheisey2597 [3 likes]: THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
  9. @pundiparadox9840 [2 likes]: Do these medications age you?
  10. @thomasdelaney7397 [1 likes]: This is for lazy, overweight people with no moral fibre. So that's most of the people alive today! Don't take it. Eat less. Exercise more. You'll feel better. Its not hard.
  11. @WickBeavers [1 likes]: You should try it before you condemn it.
  12. @AlisonBrown-z3k [1 likes]: I take mounjaro for diabetes  how is it OK that l have to change from that to something else again because it is being sold for fat loss along with wegovy licensed for fat loss at huge profits. I have changed from ozempic and trulicity for the same reason along with ozempic side effects but l waited 2 weeks for my prescription. Wrong.There are other fat loss jabs including wegovy to buy
  13. @BlakeMcCauleyYouTube [1 likes]: If you work 12 or more hour shifts 5/6 days a week and don't have time to always eat healthy and attend the gym or participate in exercise I can understand why people use Mounjaro, for those lazy people that sit at home watching TV and eating junk food all day, there's no excuse! Join a gym!
  14. @ishratjeh2012: Mounjaro is NOT semaglutide. Video is misleading
  15. @juliaroyce5242: I am having my feet swelling. And I'm having problems going to sleep. And headaches are a morning problem. Im taking the 12.5mg dose weekly.
  16. @drjayverma9235: This r absolute idiots mounjaro is tirzepaptide
  17. @AlisonBrown-z3k: You do not NEED mounjaro you WANT it.l need it
  18. @VerseQueen_B: No thanks
  19. @Late_Cut_Tim_1965: Maybe Rohit Sharma could take it so he could lose some weight and bat good again 😂
  20. @neelambhatia296: Mam kahan Se Milegi?

- Ozempic and Mounjaro: An Endocrinologist Breaks Down the Real Biological Trade-Off: Kind: captions Language: en Let me tell you something that most doctors don't say out loud. When a patient walks into my office in my endocrinology practice and asks me about Ozempic, I do not just pull out a prescription pad and I, you know, just here here it is, right? But I sit down, I take a deep breath and I tell them the truth. All of it. The good, the bad, the weird, and the stuff nobody is talking about in those glossy magazine articles or those suspiciously cheerful social media posts. Because here's the thing, we are in the middle of the biggest pharmacological event of the last 30 years. More people are taking GLP-1 drugs right now than at any other point in the human history. Recently, FDA warned Novo Nordisk, maker of Wegovy and Ozempic, for not reporting deaths from these drugs. Having said that, I'm not here to bash them out, but I'll tell you the entire truth about these medications. There are a lot of goods with them, but there are a lot of caution you have to take. I'll tell you this, one in eight American adults have already tried them. The company that makes Ozempic is worth more than McDonald's and Coca-Cola combined. This is not a trend. By the way, I would say it's better, right? A medicine company does better than a Coca-Cola. But that tells you that this medicine company is trying to fix what a Coca-Cola and McDonald's created to begin with. With a lot of issues with it. Now, this is a systemic shift, right? In how we treat obesity, diabetes, and possibly a dozen other conditions that we haven't even fully mapped yet. And most people taking these drugs have no idea how they actually work. They know the name. They've seen it the before and after photos, right? And they've heard the celebrity whispers. But the actual biology, right? The reason your body needed this drug in the first place, why? The tradeoffs that your cells are making every single week >> [snorts] >> that you inject these drugs, almost nobody is talking about that clearly. So, that is what we are going to do today. No fluff, no fear-mongering, no cheerleading, just uh talk about real physiology here, explain the way it should be. And by the end of this, you're going to understand why losing weight is biologically one of the hardest things a human body can do. Not because you're lazy, because your ancestors were surviving famines. You're going to understand what GLP-1 is, also, and where it comes from, and why your body actually makes it, but just not enough. You're going to understand the real benefits of these drugs, the real risks, and the specific things that are happening inside you that nobody puts on the label. Let's start at the very beginning, because to understand why these drugs exist, you have to understand why your body fights you every time you try to lose weight. Well, here's a fact that should change how you think about everything that follows. So, for about 99.9% of human history, the number one cause of death was not heart disease. It was not cancer. It was not obesity. It was starvation. For 2 million years, humans lived in environments where food was scarce, unpredictable, and required enormous physical effort to obtain. You didn't walk to a refrigerator, right? You chased something across a field and hoped you caught it. And half the time you didn't. In that world, the people who survived were the ones who could store fat most efficiently. Now, when food showed up, you ate as much as possible. Now, when food disappeared, your body burned that stored energy slowly and carefully to keep you alive. Now, the people who burned through calories quickly, what happened to them? >> Well, they died. Which means you or everyone watching this right now, you are the direct descendant of the world's most efficient fat storage machines. Your biology is literally optimized for surviving scarcity. Every single mechanism in your body related to hunger, satiety, fat storage, and metabolism was designed by millions of years of evolution to keep you alive during a famine. Now, evolution does not mean, you know, when I talk about evolution, I'm not discrediting God or or religion here. It's just a fact that in our eyes it looks like evolution because it takes so long. Uh and that's a deep topic I don't want to get into, but I don't want to offend anybody by saying evolution, but there is uh some truth to evolution there. Now, you live in a world with a fast food restaurant on every corner right now, right? Food delivery apps that bring anything to your door in 30 minutes, and grocery stores where every product is engineered to hit your brain's reward system like a chemical hammer. Now, your ancient survival biology just met the modern food environment and it has absolutely no idea what to do with it. Scientists have a name for this problem. They call it evolutionary mismatch. Now, your genes expect famine. Your environment is a permanent feast. And that conflict sits at the center of every single conversation about weight, about hunger, and about why drugs like Ozempic and Wegovy and Mounjaro and Zepbound exist. This is not about willpower. Let me say that again. This is not about willpower. It is about biology. And now, we need to get specific about the biology because that is where it gets fascinating. Ready? Well, deep inside your brain, tucked into the base of it, sits a structure called the hypothalamus. You might have heard it. It is sometimes called the lizard brain, though it's a bit of a simplification, but the hypothalamus is ancient. It has been in vertebrate brains for hundreds of millions of years. And its job, its entire job, is survival. What does it do? Temperature regulation, thirst, stress response, reproductive drive, and hunger. They're all hormone stuff. That's why I'm an endocrinologist, that's why I'm going to talk to you about this. The hypothalamus does not care about your goals. It does not know what a scale is. It does not understand that you have a wedding in 3 months and really need to fit that into that dress you're desperate to get into. All it knows is whether you have enough stored energy to survive the next potential famine. And it will do literally everything in its power to make sure you do. It does this through two hormones, okay? And understanding these two hormones is the key to understanding everything else in this video. The first is ghrelin, okay? Think of ghrelin as your gas pedal. It's produced by your stomach when it's empty and it travels up through a nerve called the vagus nerve, which is basically a superhighway between your gut and your brain. And it tells your hypothalamus, "We need food, please." "Now, please." Now, this signal is not polite. It's not a gentle suggestion. So, we are trying to teach my daughter some manners, and I was reported when she was taken by her grandma for a little slice of pizza. And guess what my little daughter said to her, "Ma'am, where's my pizza?" Well, I told her that's not how you ask. You say, "Excuse me, may I have my pizza, please? Are we there yet?" Something like that would be a lot more polite. Well, but your body is not doesn't know what politeness is. It's It's not a gentle suggestion. So, you feel hungry. Research published in Nature Reviews Endocrinology has shown that ghrelin can override conscious willpower. It activates the same kind of primal urgency as thirst or pain. So, when ghrelin is screaming, you just eat. That is just how it works. The second hormone is leptin. Leptin is your brake pedal. It is produced by your fat cells. When your fat stores are full enough, leptin tells the brain, "Well, we have plenty. Stop eating." The system is balanced, so ghrelin pushes the gas, leptin hits the brakes. Except in obesity, something goes wrong with leptin. Your brain stops listening to it. This is called leptin resistance, and it is one of the most important concepts in metabolic medicine that most people have never heard of it. It works the same way as insulin resistance, actually. The signal is there, the leptin is being released, just like insulin is, but the brain's receptors have become desensitized, just like your muscles are desensitized to insulin. They have heard the signal so many times that they have just stopped responding to it. It's like living next to a train track, right? So, at first the trains are deafening. After a few months, you don't even hear them anymore. The result? Someone can have 80, 100, or even 150 lb of stored energy in their body. Enough calories to survive months and still feel genuinely biologically hungry. Not emotionally hungry, not bored hungry, biologically, cellularly, and hormonally hungry. Cuz their brain cannot hear the leptin telling it to stop. This is why the conventional advice, just eat less and exercise more, is frankly pretty much incomplete. Not wrong, necessarily, but incomplete. Because it does not account for the fact that the hunger feedback system is broken. You're asking someone to push against that biological current that is, in some cases, running at full force against them. Now, here's where the story gets interesting, because your body has a third piece to this puzzle. A hormone that was hiding in your gut the whole time. A hormone that, it turns out, could short-circuit the entire problem. And that hormone is GLP-1 and GIP in some cases, right? The GL- GLP-1 stands for glucagon-like peptide 1, and before you glaze over that name, let me tell you, let me give you a simple way to think about it. GLP-1 is a hormone your body already makes every time you eat. Specialized cells in your small intestine, they're called L cells, release GLP-1 into your bloodstream. It is a natural part of your digestive process. It's been there your whole life, and it does three things almost immediately. One, it signals your pancreas to release insulin in proportion to how much glucose is coming. This is smart and precise. It prevents your pancreas from releasing too much insulin before it knows how much sugar is actually arriving. So, when that doesn't work, actually, some people end up getting reactive hypoglycemia, as well, because their insulin is overshooting and then blood sugar dropping later. Number two, these hormones slow down how quickly your stomach empties. It puts brakes on the digestion, which means that the food you ate stays in your stomach longer and keeping you feeling full longer. Now, the number three is it travels to your brain and tells your hypothalamus, "Buddy, you're good. You just got food, calm down." This is what scientists call the incretin effect. And here's why it matters, because when researchers discovered this effect, they found something remarkable. If you inject sugar directly into someone's bloodstream, the insulin response is relatively small. But if the same person drinks the same amount of sugar, the insulin response is much larger. If you haven't pregnant before, and if you have had this 2-hour glucose tolerance test where they basically make you drink sugar, 10 to 20% of these women end up with low blood sugar. Because when they drink that sugar, the insulin overshoots without any protein or fat in it. Now, this mismatch is not because more sugar is coming in, because the gut got a heads-up. The L cells in the intestine saw the food coming and pre-warned the system. GLP-1 is part of that early warning system. For people with type 2 diabetes, this incretin effect gets weaker over time. The gut still releases GLP-1, but the signal gets blunted. The opposite happens when somebody has a gastric bypass surgery, within years, this GLP-1 hormones kind of beef up, and they end up releasing too much insulin. That's why a lot of people after gastric bypass surgery end up having low blood sugar after they eat. Now, the pancreas, obviously, in normal people who are GLP-1 resistant, then their pancreas basically doesn't respond well to this hormone anymore. Now, blood sugar regulation starts to slip, and weight starts to climb, because hunger signals also get louder. The whole system drifts out of balance. So, the idea behind GLP-1 medications is pretty logical. If your body makes this hormone, but the system is not working as well as it should, give the body more of it. It's like if somebody's insulin resistant, what you do is you give more insulin to overcome the resistance, which is a way to do it. Is it the best way to do it? That's the real big question, and not for everybody, and actually, probably for most a lot of people, that's not the best way to do it. It's best to reduce insulin resistance. So, we need to bring the system back to balance, right? So, that is why we are trying to overcome that GLP-1 resistance with the GLP-1 drugs. So, it's a simple idea, but there was a problem. Natural GLP-1 lasts in your body for exactly 2 minutes. That's it, 2 minutes. Then, an enzyme called DPP-4 cuts it apart and destroys it. So, you can't give someone a drug that vanishes in 2 minutes. So, you need a constant IV drip, right? That's That's not realistic. It's not going to happen. So, for decades, scientists knew that GLP-1 had this incredible potential and had no idea how to harness it. Until they found a lizard. In the deserts of American Southwest, there is a venomous lizard called Gila monster. It is slow, it is grumpy, and it eats eats only a few times a year. But when it eats, it eats massive amounts. Then, it does not eat again for months. Its metabolism is extraordinary. In the late 1980s, a researcher named Dr. John Eng was studying the venom of the Gila monster when he found something unexpected. The venom contained a molecule called exendin-4, and the exendin-4 behaved almost exactly like human GLP-1. It bound to the same receptors. It did the same things, but unlike human GLP-1, it wasn't destroyed by DPP-4. It survived. And this was the blueprint. This was the discovery that changed everything. Scientists realized that they found in nature what they have been trying to engineer in a lab. A molecule that mimics GLP-1, but doesn't break down like the other GLP-1s. The first GLP-1 medication, exenatide, was based directly on exendin-4. It was approved in 2005 for type 2 diabetes. Most people haven't heard of it, but it was the prototype for everything that came after. Here's where modern pharmaceutical basically engineering gets genuinely impressive. Like Novo Nordisk, scientists basically took the GLP-1 concept and asked, "What if we could make a version that lasts not 2 minutes, not 2 hours, but 7 days? What if a single weekly injection could maintain elevated GLP-1 activity in the body?" They solved this with two elegant modifications. First, they changed one amino acid in the GLP-1 molecule. That single change prevents DPP-4 from recognizing the molecule and cutting it apart. The molecular scissors basically cannot grip it anymore. Now, the second, they attached what's called a C18 fatty acid tail to the molecule. This tail binds to a protein in your blood called albumin. Albumin is one of the most abundant proteins in human blood. It binds pretty much every drug, too. Now, it acts like a slow-moving cargo ship. So, semaglutide hitches on ride on albumin and circulates through your body for about a week before being cleared. So, a hormone that lasts 2 minutes now lasts 168 hours. That's the engineering behind Ozempic and Wegovy. And then came Mounjaro and Zepbound. So, if semaglutide was a big step forward, tirzepatide, which is the molecule in Mounjaro and Zepbound, is something else entirely, actually. So, semaglutide works on the receptor, the GLP-1 receptor, but tirzepatide activates two receptors simultaneously, GLP-1 and GIP. And GIP stands for glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide. It is another incretin hormone, just like GLP-1. Actually, the first one discovered, and it works alongside the GLP-1 in healthy metabolic function. So, when you combine GLP-1 activity with GIP activity, something interesting happens. The GIP component appears to reduce the nausea that GLP-1 can cause while enhancing glucose control. That's why a lot of people know already that Mounjaro and Zepbound is a lot more tolerable compared to Ozempic and Wegovy. Now, the combination is more powerful, definitely, than either alone. So, in clinical trials published in New England Journal of Medicine, participants on tirzepatide lost an average of 20% of their body weight. Obviously, that's an average. Some people may lose up to 30%. Some people will lose only 5-10%, but people on semaglutide lost on average 15%. So, there is actually 5% at least difference between the two. And these are not small numbers. These These are numbers that bariatric surgeons were previously only seeing with gastric bypass. Now, to put that in human terms, a 250-lb person on tirzepatide could expect to lose roughly 50 lbs. A 250-lb person on semaglutide will lose roughly 37 lbs on average, right? Not guaranteed, but on average. Now, here's something the initial wave of coverage missed, okay? And it's important. Those were clinical trial numbers. A clinical trial is a highly controlled environment. Participants are monitored very closely. They get dietary counseling. They have accountability built in. The conditions are optimal. The real world is not optimal. A 2023 study that followed people on semaglutide in actual clinical practice for 52 weeks found an average weight loss of about 4.4% of the body weight. Not 15, not 20. 4.4. There's a lot of factors that go into it, right? Tolerability issues, affordability issues, um all sorts of things. The The difference between 15% reported in studies versus 4.4% on average in real life comes down to a few things. Right? Like I said, adherence, number one. The dose escalation. So, a lot of people um get these drugs from their primary care or from um online pharmacies. The [snorts] problem is they are not experienced with these drugs. They're not endocrinologists. So, you are going to a primary care for your neurological needs or you go to an online pharmacy for your neurosurgery needs. You're not going to go too much, right? So, and there's scarcity of endocrinologists. That's why this thing exploded and everybody wants to proscribe these medications without understanding the correct escalation and the problems with it and so forth. And obviously, dietary habits. So, people are You don't have to worry about your diet. Activity levels totally ignored. And the fact that in a clinical trial, people who couldn't tolerate the medication dropped out, which basically skews the results toward the base case scenario. So, if you're eliminating the people who are out, now [snorts] you're dealing with the people who are doing well. Well, this doesn't mean the drugs don't work. They absolutely do work, but the number you need to carry around in your head is not the headline number from the clinical trial. It is the real world number. Cuz that is what is going to happen to most people. And most people will start losing weight. They're going to get excited and then eventually weight loss will stop and they may start gaining the weight back even with the dose escalation. Because your body develops tolerance to these medications. And there's one more thing about these drugs that doesn't get nearly enough coverage, right? And that's what I just mentioned, the plateau. Every single weight loss intervention known to medicine just plateaus. There's nothing that works forever. Now, everyone, okay? Every single one. Diet, exercise, bariatric surgery, everything plateaus. And GLP-1 medications, obviously. At some point, your body adapts. Weight loss slows down or stops. This is not a failure of the drug. It's a feature of your biology. Your hypothalamus is constantly calculating your body weight or a body weight set point. The weight your body wants to defend. So, as you lose weight, the hypothalamus starts fighting back harder. It releases more ghrelin. It makes you more sensitive to food cues. It slows your metabolism. Here's a number that should stop you cold. If you lose roughly 20 lbs and maintain that loss, your body is burning approximately 250 fewer calories per day than it did before you lost weight, even after accounting for the fact that your body is smaller. Now, that's not intuitive, right? You would expect a smaller body to burn fewer calories, but scientists have measured that the reduction is actually significantly larger than the body size alone that would predict that. Now, your body is basically compensating. It is fighting to get back to where it was. And it is doing this through hormones. Remember the evolution? We are trying to reserve the fat. Your body is constantly fighting to do that. And it does it through metabolic rate changes, through behavioral nudges, uh constant hunger that starts creeping in, or preoccupation with food, dreams about food, all of it, basically orchestrated by the hypothalamus defending a set point. GLP-1 medications push back against this powerfully. Pretty good. So, but the pushback does not last indefinitely against a system that has been fine-tuned by 2 million years of evolutionary pressure. This is why these drugs are almost certainly a long-term, possibly lifelong medication for many people. And this brings us to um the part that makes a lot of people uncomfortable. So, about half the people who start a GLP-1 prescription stop taking it within 1 year. That's right, 1 year. By 2 years, roughly 70% have stopped. There are a lot of reasons for this, right? Cost is a big one. More on that, you know, in a moment, but side effects are another one. But some people stop because they have reached their goal weight or because they feel better or because they don't want to be on medication long-term. And then, the weight comes back. Not immediately, but it creeps in. In the extension trial of semaglutide called the STEP 1 extension trial published in the New England Journal of Medicine, participants who basically stopped the medication regained an average of 2/3 of the weight that they had lost within 12 months. Not all of it, but most of it. And the problem is, when you gain the weight back, you might be losing muscle when you're losing, but when you gain the weight back, it's purely fat unless you're working out pretty hard. And here is the biology of why this happens. And it's more complicated than people realize. When you stop the medication, ghrelin, your hunger hormone, does not just return to its previous level. It overshoots. It goes higher than it was before you started. This is documented in metabolic studies published in Endocrine Reviews. The body, having had its hunger signals suppressed for months, essentially overcorrects when the suppression is removed. At the same time, your appetite comes back faster than your satiety signals do. And there's a window of time after stopping these drugs where you're hungry and your gut is not sending the I'm full signal with full force yet. Now, that mismatch is brutal for anyone trying to maintain their weight loss through willpower alone. And then there is the muscle problem, right? Which almost nobody talks about, but I just did. And it is in my opinion the most underrated risk of these drugs. So, when you lose weight, like I said, from any cause, right? On any intervention, you lose both fat and muscle. This is unavoidable to some degree. Unless you're working out. That's why I always tell my patients, you must lift weights. Otherwise, you're going to lose muscle on these treatments. Your body does not know that you want to keep your muscle. It just knows it needs to shed mass and it sheds a mix of fat and lean tissue. On GLP-1 medications, appetite drops dramatically, right? Protein intake often drops with it because patients feel full on smaller amounts of food. A lot of my patients will say they can't even look at the meat anymore. It's disgusting to them. And protein-rich foods are often typically heavier and more filling, so they end up eating just a few bites. Now, nausea, which is a common side effect, can further reduce what people are willing to eat. And protein and fat tends to make people more nauseous, so people end up avoiding them. And as people feel less energetic or experience gastrointestinal symptoms, strength training often takes a backseat because they don't feel good. And the result is a meaningful percentage of lean mass loss alongside the fat loss. Now, people call that Ozempic face or Ozempic butt. Well, because you're losing muscle. Now, emerging studies in obesity research show that this is real, measurable, and clinically significant. Now, why does this matter so much? Because the muscle is your metabolic engine. It is the primary place in your body where glucose gets cleared from the blood. People with more muscle mass are far more insulin sensitive cuz muscle burns more calories at rest than fat does. And here's the part that basically connects back to everything we just talked about. When you lose muscle during weight loss and then you stop the medication, you don't just regain fat at the same rate you lost it. You regain the fat faster than you rebuild muscle. And this is called preferential adipose regain described in Journal Metabolism in 2019. Fat comes back fast. Muscle rebuilds slowly, so you end up at a similar weight but with a worse body composition than when you started. More fat, less muscle, a slower metabolism, and now you're in a worse metabolic position than before the drug. And this is not inevitable. It can be prevented with specific strategies, but most people are not being told about this risk when they start these medications. Let's talk about the gastrointestinal side effects because these are the ones that most people encounter and the ones most commonly dismissed as minor until someone ends up in the hospital with a gastrointestinal blockage. Now, GLP-1 medications work in part by slowing the gastric emptying as we said and the rate at which the food moves from your stomach into your small intestine. This is intentional. It is part of how they keep you full, but for a meaningful subset of people, especially at higher doses, this effect becomes more pronounced than intended. Now, obviously, the most common side effects are nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and constipation. Uh clinical trials show nausea affecting around 20% of people on semaglutide. Vomiting affects roughly 9%. Now, these are not trivial numbers and while they're often described as manageable and temporary, for some patients, it can be very significant enough to stop the medication immediately or entirely. I tell my patients, you know, if you start these medications, vomiting is not tolerated. I'm not going to tolerate vomiting because you can get dehydrated, you can lose your kidneys over that, and that's not acceptable. If you are not eating enough food, you have to drink liquids to stay hydrated. Now, there are more serious case reports published in gastrointestinal literature described as a small number of patients developing what's called gastroparesis, right? A condition where the stomach essentially stops emptying properly. Now, when you're a diabetic, you're at risk for gastroparesis anyway. So, when that happens, the food sits in the stomach for hours and hours and hours. And patients experience a persistent bloating, severe nausea, vomiting, and inability to tolerate solid food. It is pretty rare, but it is real. I've seen even cases where people develop gastroparesis on these drugs and it never got any better after stopping the medication. And it's important for patients to know that it exists. There is a practical implication here that catches people completely off guard. Now, surgery and anesthesia, right? In 2023, the American Society of Anesthesiologists issued updated guidelines specifically for patients on GLP-1 medications. The concern is this, if your stomach empties slowly and you fast for the standard amount of time before surgery, you may still have food in your stomach when you go under that anesthesia. And anesthesia suppresses your airway reflexes. So, if you vomit while sedated or regurgitate, those stomach contents can enter your lungs and this is called aspiration and it can be fatal because it can cause aspiration pneumonia. Now, this doesn't mean that you cannot have surgery if you are on these drugs. It means that your anesthesiologist absolutely must know that you're on them before every single procedure and every single time. At least 1 week off no of none of these medications. If you take one practical thing away from this video, I will say probably this is the one that's going to save your life. Now, let's address the thyroid cancer warning because I get this question a lot and because this one also generates enormous anxiety online and anxiety is somewhat misdirected, I would say. Now, because every GLP-1 medication carries what's called a boxed warning. Again, the most serious warning the FDA issues is about thyroid C-cell tumors. This warning was added because in animal studies on rodents, these drugs caused a dose-dependent increase in thyroid C-cell tumors. Not every tumor. Now, that sounds terrifying until you understand the biology. Now, rodents have a much higher density of GLP-1 receptors on their thyroid C-cells compared to humans. The thyroid in a rat is functionally quite different from the thyroid in a human. Now, studies in rodents produced tumors. Studies in humans have not shown increase increase in thyroid cancer risk at least so far. There are some retrospective studies showing a small increase for a papillary thyroid cancer, but not something that would change the recommendations. The Thyroid Journal published um research in 2023 reviewing the human data and the link between GLP-1 medications and human thyroid cancer typically still has not been clearly established. However, this is important. We do not yet have a 20-year population data on these drugs. That is just the reality. They're fairly new. The people for whom this warning is genuinely relevant, this thyroid C-cell warning, cancer warning, are those with a personal or family history of medullary thyroid cancer, which is a C-cell tumor. Not so much the papillary thyroid cancer or follicular thyroid cancer, which are the common cancers for thyroid. Uh and there's a genetic condition if you have that endocrine neoplasia type 2 or MEN2. For those individuals, you know, we ask them if they have the family history. It's very rare, but clinicians are supposed to advise against GLP-1 medications. Not because we have proven harm, but because they have a known genetic vulnerability and the uncertainty is not worth the risk. For everyone else, the boxed warning exists because that is what the FDA does when there is animal data suggesting a possible risk even without confirmed human data. Now, it is precautionary. It is not a guarantee that you will develop thyroid cancer. Um not even close, but it does not mean that you should be having a real conversation with your doctor about your personal risk factors. Now, ironically, the relationship between obesity and thyroid cancer is much clearer than the relationship between GLP-1 drugs and the thyroid cancer. Research has found that for every five unit increase in your BMI, let's say going from 30 to 35, right? The risk of thyroid cancer increases by approximately 30%. So, in some cases, the drug that carries the thyroid warning may actually be reducing your thyroid cancer risk by treating obesity and insulin resistance. Sometimes my patients will ask, "Why do I have thyroid nodules, doctor? Or why do I have these lumps and bumps in my body?" Well, because insulin resistance is a growth factor. So, insulin is a growth factor. It's a growth hormone. It will make things grow. And medicine is complicated, right? So, it's not just one thing does one thing, you know, one thing can do 10 different things and 10 different things can do one thing. So, anyone who tells you otherwise is basically selling something to you. Let's talk about pancreatitis. This is another side effect listed in the prescribing information that patients need to understand. There have been reports of acute pancreatitis. I had patients who had acute pancreatitis after starting these medications. So, pancreatitis is basically, you know, inflammation of the pancreas. And in people taking GLP-1 medications, large clinical trials suggest overall risk is low. Actually, there are some big studies that looks at the placebo group versus GLP-1 treated group and placebo group sometimes have more pancreatitis. Well, that's because people with diabetes tend to have higher risk of pancreatitis to begin with. However, there's a lot of anecdotal reports that somebody starts a GLP-1 drug and within 2 weeks they develop pancreatitis. So, it's rare, but it can happen. So, it's like medications, you know, you can you can give a medication to 100,000 people and maybe a couple people two three people will have the severe allergic reaction that can kill them. But the prescribing information includes this warning for a reason, okay? Because your pancreas does not get an early warning system when you inflame it. Acute pancreatitis comes on really fast with severe pain in the upper abdomen right here. Like it's like you're having a reflux, but it's it's it's really bad. It often radiates to the back. So, it can be quite serious. And people who need to be most attentive here are the ones who already have elevated risk. Who are they? Well, people with a history of pancreatitis, people with very high triglycerides in thousands, or heavy alcohol users, or people with gallstones. Now, these individuals have a baseline elevated risk of pancreatic inflammation and adding a GLP-1 medication requires careful consideration by a physician, by an endocrinologist. For most people, this is not going to happen, but if you are on these medications and you develop a severe, persistent abdominal pain, especially after eating, that is a reason to go to ER. Don't even call your doctor. If you're having these symptoms I'm talking about, go to ER. Don't just use the wait-and-see approach. There's another category of effects that I want to spend some time on. So, because it is newer, it is less understood and it's affecting people in ways they don't always have words for, okay? So, GLP-1 receptors don't only exist in your gut, your pancreas, your brainstem. They also exist in the reward pathways of your brain, specifically in a region called nucleus accumbens, which is the brain's primary reward center. The area that lights up when you eat something that you love. Now, when you have sex, or when you listen to a music that makes you move, when you win a game, right? These are all reward. The preclinical research published in Translational Psychiatry in 2024, along with a growing body of ongoing human studies, suggests that GLP-1 activity in these reward pathways can modulate dopamine signaling. This is actually part of why these drugs work so well. They don't just make you less hungry. They reduce the reward value of the food. The craving itself becomes quieter. Some people describe it as the difference between silence and noise in their head when they walk past food they used to be unable to resist. That's what people say these drugs will reduce the food noise. For people who have struggled for decades with what they call the food noise, right? Constant, that's intrusive thoughts about food, cravings that never fully quiet, an inability to feel satisfied. Well, GLP-1 medications can feel genuinely transformational for them. Like a switch was flipped. But dopamine does not just regulate food reward, it regulates what else? Motivation, pleasure, and drive across all domains of life. And in a subset of patients, not everyone, but enough that it is showing up consistently in clinical observation, report something that is harder to categorize than side effects usually are. They describe feeling flat or flatter. Less engaged. Less motivated. Not depressed exactly, but less of everything. Less of wanting to do anything. Hobbies that used to excite them feel meh. Can pass. Ambitions dull. The joy in small things gets a little quieter. Some people describe it as a grayscale feeling. Now, this isn't the same for everyone. Many people feel better overall. The lifting of food preoccupation alone improves quality of life dramatically. But for others, that reward pathway dampening is not limited to food. And this is something that doctors need to be monitoring. And patients need to feel empowered to report. If you're on one of these medications and you feel like the volume on your life has turned down, that is clinically relevant information. Your physician needs to know. It may be dose related. It may be temporary. It may require some adjustment. But you should not just assume that's normal and acceptable. Now, let's zoom out and let's talk about something even bigger. Just the people or the individual biology is only part of the story, right? We have been lied to about obesity and weight loss for a very long time. And I want to be specific about what that means. For decades, right? The medical community and public health messaging operated on a framework that was breathtakingly oversimplified. They were like, calories in, calories out. Eat less, move more. If you're overweight, it is because you lack discipline. Patients hated their doctors because doctors were like, "Oh, you're fat. You got all this weight. You got all that." Same thing. The solution is simple. The failure to implement it is a character flaw. Um you're just a s- you know, slow fat person. Well, this was wrong. And we now have enough data to say that clearly. Even in the best case scenario, rigorous clinical programs combining the diet, exercise, behavioral counseling, most people lose only 5 to 10% of their body weight. And the hard part is not losing it. The hard part is basically keeping it off. Now, study after study shows that after significant weight loss, the vast majority of people regain most or all of it within 3 to 5 years. Even after gastric bypass surgery, after you cut people's intestines, this is not because they stopped trying. This is because of everything we have talked about in this video. The hypothalamus defending it as set point, the surge in ghrelin after weight loss, the reduction in metabolic rate that is larger than expected, the blunted leptin signaling, the hormonal environment is literally working against them constantly. And yet for decades, the response to this failure, both from doctors and from the culture, was essentially just try harder. We should be embarrassed about that. As a medical community, as a culture, we had data. The research on the complexity of weight regulation has been accumulating since 1990s. And, you know, we continued telling people that it was a matter of willpower. Well, GLP-1 medications didn't create this problem, right? They revealed it. Because when you give people a drug that actually resets some of these biological signals, many of them lose weight successfully. And that tells you definitively the mechanism was not biological, not moral. This is not an endorsement of these drugs for everyone at all, but there are real tradeoffs as we have covered extensively, but it is a reason to permanently retire the language of willpower when it comes to obesity. It does not belong in this conversation. Let me address also something that comes up constantly online, right? The natural alternatives to Ozempic. Cuz after you hear all of this, you're like, "Oh, maybe I should find something else." Well, you have seen the content that a lot of doctors or uh 20-year-old teenagers, whatever. They talk about nature's Ozempic. And they claim berberine, peppermint tea, high-fiber diets. Well, these are often presented as doing essentially the same thing as semaglutide without the side effects or the cost. And here's the honest answer. Some of these interventions, particularly high-fiber diets and certain foods, do stimulate modest increases in natural GLP-1 production. And that's real. The L cells in your intestine can be stimulated to release more GLP-1 by certain dietary patterns. Fermentable fibers, some protein sources, certain foods, specific nutrients have been shown in research to have this effect. Here's the problem. The problem is the word modest. Now, pharmacological GLP-1 medications create what researchers call a supraphysiological GLP-1 levels. Far above and beyond what your body produces naturally. Even at its maximum. We're talking about orders of magnitude difference. The effect of diet on GLP-1 is like lightning a match basically next to a floodlight. It is the same basic phenomenon, but the scale is incomparable. A high-fiber diet is healthy. Berberine has some real metabolic effects. As you know, we have super berberine at sugarmds.com, which is very popular. But these things have the value. The It's worth something. But they are not actually going to reproduce the clinical outcomes of semaglutide or tirzepatide. I don't know how these people have the guts to say berberine is nature's Ozempic. It's not the same thing. Where'd you get that information from? You just made it up, right? If someone is telling you otherwise, they either don't understand the pharmacology, which most of them don't, and they are basically trying to sell you berberine. Again, I'm not against berberine. We sell berberine. It has a lot of benefits. But it's not going to make you stop or replace your medication with Ozempic and Mounjaro. Uh this is also, by the way, why the easy way out framing around these drugs is so misguided. If you could eat oatmeal and take berberine and get the same results as Ozempic, people would be just doing that, right? Well, but they can't because the biology doesn't work that way. Now, these drugs do something that diet alone cannot do. They override a system that diet alone cannot override. Let's talk about the economics because this is a real barrier for a real portion of the population. We are the greatest country in the world, but uh there are 50 million people going through starvation. They cannot buy food, let alone buy these expensive drugs. And when they buy food, they end up buying junk because that's all they can afford. That's a reality. And the list price for Ozempic in the United States is approximately 935, you know, uh the Wegovy, the FDA-approved weight loss versions of semaglutide is approximately $1,400 per month. That's the cost to your insurance. Obviously, there are direct-to-consumer sales now. They're down to anywhere from like for Wegovy down to 300, up to 450 with the with the Zepbound and Mounjaro. Or Zepbound primarily. But Mounjaro and Ozempic, by the way, is exactly the same drug. A lot of people think they're different, but they're not. Uh but Zepbound is promotable more for weight loss and it's easier to get. Or less regulated. So, Mounjaro is more for diabetics. Although it's just a semantics. It's the same thing. Now, these are not the numbers that most people can absorb even with a good insurance, okay? So, a lot of times people will tell me, "Okay, you know, doc, you gave me this medication, but you know, it's $300 a month with my insurance. How am I going to do that?" Well, I totally get it. Insurance coverage is inconsistent, and everybody wants these drugs, even for weight loss drugs to be covered by insurance, and we tell them, "Look, we'll do prior authorization, we'll do whatever you want, we'll do whatever we can." But, we end up getting denied like 80-90% of the time. And people don't want to pay cash for this, and I get it. Why would they? It's It's It's like paying a mortgage or paying a car loan here. Now, many plans cover the diabetes inversion, but not the weight loss version of the molecule, and typically with a high copay. And for patients who are paying out of pocket, these prices, I don't think anybody can maintain. This is one reason compounding pharmacies entered the picture, right? When FDA places a drug on the official shortage list, which happened with semaglutide and tirzepatide, as demand basically exploded, well, compounding pharmacies can legally produce their own versions for a much better price. A compounded semaglutide prescription can cost around, in my clinic it costs around $50 to $100 a month. You know, online it can cost up to 250 a month, compared to over $900 or for brand name. Now, obviously, that's where you need to be careful. Compounded drugs are not FDA approved. Okay? They're regulated at the state level. And they are not subject to the same quality controls or manufacturing standards or testing as brand name pharmaceuticals. So, a lot of people go online and try to buy these things cheap or what they see on Facebook, and they don't realize what kind of risk they're taking. Over 300 of these online pharmacies already have been taken down by FDA. So, if you're going to get a compounded medication, get it from a physician that you trust. And obviously, even with the compounding medications at a higher dose, the price becomes prohibitive for a lot of people as well. So, researchers who specifically purchased compounded semaglutide from high-ranking online pharmacies, like I said, found evidence of a lot of contamination or or or improper concentrations of the active ingredients or ingredients that don't belong there. Now, three out of six orders from no prescription online pharmacies didn't arrive at all, by the way. So, a lot of people lose their money. They were just scams. The FDA has also issued warnings about some compounders using semaglutide salt, a form of compound um that is used for research that has not been approved for human therapeutic use. If you are using a compounded GLP-1, the risk calculus is different from the brand name product. It is not automatically dangerous, but it is definitely higher risk, so you need to be monitored by your physician, you need to get it from the right place. So, the source matters enormously. A reputable compounding pharmacy operating under legitimate physician oversight is very different from an online storefront that will sell you a prescription drug after just 5-minute questionnaire. Which, by the way, I tried. I went through the process. I filled a survey online just to see what they were going to do. And I did a short telehealth call, like a minute. I was going to be prescribed compounded semaglutide before the call was eventually even underway. There was no substantive discussion of whether this drug was appropriate for me. They didn't ask me about my history, they didn't ask about my side effect profile, they didn't ask about a lot of things for risks were never discussed. So, basically it was a transaction, not a medical consultation. That is not how prescription drugs should work, and the fact that this is how they are being accessed by many is something that should concern anyone paying attention. So, doing shortcuts will cost you. Let's take a step back and talk about some of the genuinely remarkable potential benefits of these drugs that extend beyond weight loss. Obviously, the cardiovascular data is strong. In clinical trials, semaglutide reduced the risk of major cardiovascular events, cardiovascular death, heart attack, stroke by 26% in people with type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Now, for a population where cardiovascular risk is already elevated, that is actually clinically meaningful reduction. There is also emerging data on heart failure, on kidney disease, like Ozempic has data to show that it reduces kidney failure, on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease for both Ozempic and and Mounjaro. Now, these drugs appear to have protective effects in multiple organ systems that are only partially explained by weight loss alone. Cuz in studies where Ozempic reduced the cardiovascular risk or kidney failure, it was independent of weight loss, meaning that even if the patient did not lose weight, they still had protection from kidney failure and heart failure to some degree. Now, GLP-1 receptor is expressed in the heart, we know that, the kidneys, pretty much in endothelium, so like everywhere there blood goes. And the liver, obviously. So, an activation of these receptors appears to have direct organ protective effects independent of the metabolic benefits. And then, there are surprising potential applications, right? Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease. GLP-1 receptors exist in the brain, and early research suggests that these drugs may have neuroprotective effects. That's why a lot of people are doing microdosing, right? Clinical trials are underway. Alcohol and substance use disorders, for example, people on GLP-1 medication have reported substantially drinking less alcohol and using less tobacco. Remember, we talked about cravings go down, the motivation goes down. Well, it helps with alcohol and smoking. Now, in some cases, having reduced urges toward compulsive behaviors like gambling and and shopping. This connects back to the dopamine and reward pathway we talked about, that modulation. If these drugs can quiet the reward circuit for the food, they may be able to quiet it for, again, other compulsive behaviors. The clinical trial data is preliminary, but genuinely interesting. Now, fertility. There have been reports of women with polycystic ovary syndrome, right? Polycystic ovary syndrome is basically experiencing problems with ovulation and and fertility. And they call them Ozempic babies, because they've been experiencing these women, young overweight women, their ovulation was being restored and their fertility improves on GLP-1 medication, so they end up getting pregnant. The connection is partly through weight loss and improved insulin sensitivity, which are the core to PCOS pathophysiology, because I treat PCOS all the time, since it's part of insulin resistance, prediabetes type of sequence. Now, some of these Ozempic babies are, again, the result of improved fertility, people who were struggling to conceive. Depression and anxiety, also. Some patients report actually improvements in the mood, and some others are showing flattening of the mood. And the mechanisms are being actively investigated why some people respond different than the others. Now, some patients, as we discussed, like they report like totally muting the reward and and and motivation. The relationship between GLP-1 signaling and mental health is pretty complex and bidirectional, and research is basically ongoing. Now, none of these benefits or potential benefits are reasons to start one one of these drugs for a condition other than their approved indications, okay? So, we're not going to give you Ozempic because we want you to quit smoking. So, but they do paint a picture of a molecule that touches far more of human biology than we initially understood, and that's worth paying attention to. Now, I want to walk through what I consider the most important practical information if you are on one of these medications or considering them, because knowing the risks is only useful if you know what to do about them. The single most important thing you can do on a GLP-1 medication is to protect your muscle mass. Not because it is cosmetically important, although it is, but because actually muscle is your metabolic insurance. It's your glucose sponge, right? Less muscle means slower metabolism, worse glucose handling, and basically higher insulin resistance, and a more difficult road, basically, if and when you stop the medication. Now, this requires two things, right? Protein, enough protein, and resistance training. These are non-negotiable. When appetite is suppressed on these drugs, protein is the first casualty. Protein-rich foods are filling and heavy, and when you are already full from the medication, they are the easiest things to skip. So, your muscle tissue depends on basically this adequate amino acid availability. Specifically, an amino acid called leucine, right? Found in meat, eggs, dairy, and high-quality protein supplements, is basically the primary trigger for muscle protein synthesis. Without enough leucine, you your body basically cannot build or maintain muscle effectively. Resistance training, squats, deadlifts, rows, presses sends a direct signal to your muscle tissue. We need you. Stay here. Don't break down, please. Even 2 days per week of strength training has been shown to in research to significantly reduce that lean muscle loss during weight loss. This isn't [snorts] about building a physique. It is about keeping your metabolic engine intact. If solid food is difficult due to nausea, there are ways to get protein without large volumes. For example, clear whey protein isolate, essential amino acid supplements, egg white protein, dairy proteins in liquid form in smoothies. So, find what works for your stomach and make protein a priority. And second important strategy is using fiber as a mechanical satiety tool. As the medication dose is reduced as, you know, you consider tapering off, for example, and your stomach's hunger signals will return. So, you can partially bridge this gap, right? With high-volume, high-fiber foods that stretch the stomach's mechanical receptors. Um beans, lentils, berries, leafy vegetables, psyllium husk, etc. GLP-1 drug basically provides chemical satiety. Fiber provides mechanical satiety. As one decreases, you want the other to increase. And the third thing is to never stop these medications abruptly if you are planning to come off them. The rebound is real. It is well documented that hunger rebound is biologically, physiologically predictable. A slow taper, reducing those gradually over weeks to months with physician guidance, gives you or your hunger hormones time to recalibrate. It gives your satiety signals or signals to to to normalize. It gives your lifestyle changes time to consolidate as well. But the abrupt discontinuation puts you in the worst possible position to maintain your results. Now, obviously, if you are the type A type of personality where you can just stop things and then just move on, like if you if you're the type of person who can just stop smoking and never go back because you have a high willpower, that's that's that's a different story. But biology always wins over willpower, so we just talked about that. And finally, you need to monitor your mental and emotional state, right? These drugs interact with the reward and motivation pathways. So, if you notice a significant change in your mood, your motivation, or engagement with life in either direction, that is medically relevant information. Report it to your doctor, right? Don't minimize it or don't try to assume it is just unrelated to what's going on with your medication. Let me bring this all the way back to where we started. You are the descendant of the world's most efficient fat storage machines. Your hypothalamus was built to defend your energy reserves against famine. Your ghrelin system is ancient and powerful. Your leptin resistance is a predictable outcome of the modern food environment colliding okay with prehistoric biology. GLP-1 medications are remarkable tools. They intervene at a real biological level. They restore signals that that was that were blunted. They reduce hunger in ways that willpower simply cannot sustain indefinitely. For the right patient under proper medical supervision, they can be genuinely transformative. And I have a lot of patients doing really well with it. But they are not magic. They are not cures. They are powerful interventions with real tradeoffs, real risks, and real limitations that most of the mainstream conversation has either glossed over or ignored entirely for economical reasons. The weight loss numbers in clinical trials are not also the weight loss numbers in real life. The drugs require ongoing use to maintain effect for most people. The muscle loss is real and consequential. GI side effects can be serious. The reward pathway or the those pathway effects deserve more attention than they are getting. And the economic reality, even if it is you're paying out of pocket and you're paying between $300 to $500, means a lot for most of the population. Access to these drugs is determined not by medical need, but also financial resources. That is a problem worth being angry about. We are also still in the early chapters of understanding these drugs at a population scale. 20-year data does not exist yet. The long-term effects on things like bone density, thyroid function, and mental health, and reproductive hormones are still being studied. And there is data that says that these drugs will also cause bone loss. The good medicine means acknowledging that uncertainty honestly, rather than pretending it doesn't exist. Now, what we can say with confidence is that GLP-1 medications are the most effective pharmacological tools for weight management that medicine has ever produced. They have strong cardiovascular data. They have broad organ protective effects. And they are illuminating the biology of obesity in ways that are forcing a long overdue correction to that willpower narrative. Thanks for watching. I appreciate you. Thanks for staying until the end. Please share this video with someone who will need this information. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurengianna9944 [8 likes]: My co worker took wagovi, she lost weight. She then developed a twitch in her eye. She has gained back some of the weight now. She still  has a big stomach. I told her it’s all the carbs she eats. Thankfully, no other issues 🙏🏼.
  2. @JulianaYankee [7 likes]: They say BEST WEIGHT LOSS DRUG IS ZEPBOUND
  3. @dannyguy1170 [7 likes]: Thanks for info  a type 2 been on Oz for about  six months my sugar levels have come down A1C coming down haven’t had any issues haven’t never had it explained like you have 🙏👍💯👍
  4. @Araretoy [6 likes]: Being diabetic, I took Ozempic for a while. First stage was fine. I had no problems. But when I went up to the 1mg pen, I started getting full liquid diarrhea . I tried to "let the body adjust" but just couldn't. So I stopped.  Back to more traditional means of weight loss and diabetic treatment.
  5. @toddthomas195 [6 likes]: I forgot to mention I also got clogged up from the trulicity. I was hospitalized for three-days. I almost needed surgery to get unblocked.
  6. @jennifercook-be2km [5 likes]: My rheumatologist and my cardiologist wanted me on them. So my P
MD ordered them. I am having no side effects on zepbound.
  7. @cwagner9629 [4 likes]: I started zepbound 8 weeks ago and have been binging related videos ever since. This is the most comprehensive and balanced overview I have watched. Thank you for making this video.
  8. @toddthomas195 [4 likes]: Trulicity. First then mounjero. For two diabetic constipation, diarrhea, diarrhea was so bad. The drug and diarrhea could be chronic kidney disease.  I am using a Dexcom, Seven. Along with. Lantus. Long act insulin my A1c has improved. My daily numbers have improved, and my kidneys are improved.  I never go on one of those weekly injectable s.   Again.  What a mistake they were.
  9. @RhondaKay-n4b [4 likes]: Why did these drugs get approved with them being so bad for people?
  10. @twingytwango6971 [3 likes]: Thanks
  11. @worldIsSelfish-i1s [1 likes]: Does metformin changes energy permanently?
  12. @Dit1160 [1 likes]: Thank you very much…one of my daughters wants to start GLP1… years of nursing and now being a nurse instructor…I am not for ir.
  13. @sharatsharma8273 [1 likes]: Great approach👍👌🙏🎉✌️
Full truth🎉
  14. @hadarhacercakmakci2518: This drug has so much side effect, for sure.
  15. @amberlow9529: Do you have a cat meowing or kids in background ?
  16. @RhondaKay-n4b: I took ozempic for about a month even though I didn't want to. After starting it, I wasn't hungry or thirsty so it was not good for my kidney. I already have CKD 3 so I immediately stopped taking it.
  17. @lindag9975: Taking a microdose of compounded GLP-1. A1C is already fine, but arthritis inflammation flare-ups are bad, even after following an anti-inflammatory eating plan for a few years. And I can no longer take any NSAID's because of ulcers.
So I'm taking this injected microdose for the anti-inflammatory benefits and to hopefully help me lose the rest of the weight I need to drop. Most of my weight was lost when I switched from the Standard American Diet to real food. But I still have some stubborn weight to lose too.
I'm gathering all helpful information about using GLP-1's because the internet companies don't offer much guidance.
  18. @sueo7834: Which is best …..ozempic or intermittent fasting ?? 🤔🧐

- Ozempic, Mounjaro users talk about changes to family life after weight loss: Kind: captions Language: en today Oprah Winfrey sent Weight Watchers stock prices tumbling when she stepped down as the company's spokesperson after confirming recently she's taken medication to lose weight tonight we look at the ups and downs of weight loss from prescription drugs like OIC Real Housewife star Heather gay says she's never been happier but for others that Journey has had some unforeseen twists here's ABC's Deborah Roberts you represented body positivity and now some women are saying it's kind of a cout yeah like I've sold out I've given up the banner of you know relatable accept yourself love yourself and it's disappointing to sad to know that body positivity was all a big lie because it's better to not be overweight known for her funloving and bold personality Heather gay has cemented herself as a favorite on the Real Housewives of Salt Lake City proof timeline screenshots in everything but lately it's her changing appearance that's making headlines that so-called OIC look that's seemingly everywhere these days everyone I knew was taking these gp1 medications losing weight and just bragging about how great it was and magical one of your co-stars on the show made a joke about your designer outfit do you think it's a f I do I've never seen a corate in like size 14 you know have you pretty cutting yeah oh cutting but I've been called worse than size 14 Gucci I mean I've been called a manity been called Shrek I've been called um horrible things in private and public by my co-stars and by the general public so Heather tried something new the latest gamechanging weight loss drug it's the drug that's taking Hollywood and America by storm OIC originally meant to treat people with chronic medical conditions like type 2 diabetes one of the biggest and most controversial weight loss crazes right here television icon Oprah Winfrey revealing she's using medication for weight loss I think that we had this rise in this interest in anti-obesity medications that really came from social media and television oh zic wovi and Manjaro are drugs experiencing a big surge in use for weight loss first it changed their bodies now it's changing their relationships now that I've lost the weight I want to experience more I missed out on so much because I was so worried um about my size I don't have to shop at Big and Tall the good your sex life it's hotter yeah right it's hotter C the bad he wasn't noticing how happy I was with the weight loss it really told me that I deserve something better and all the Fallout if you had known that your marriage might be a casualty on this weight loss Journey would you take those pounds back some argue it's undoing Decades of progress in the body positivity and fat acceptance movements it is furthering The Narrative that thinness is the goal people don't need to be shamed about the size of their body the pressure to be thin experts say can cause real damage some of the content that I see online regarding weight loss it just feels off often that phobia is either subtle or overtly within the conversation and just widely accepted well welcome to Beauty Lain laser this is the med spa where we say all the best no BS after talking to her doctor she took her first dose of semaglutide the active ingredient in OIC I didn't want to show up that at another party and see all of my friends 20 lb thinner and just be resentful so there was almost a pressure there to try it absolutely a pressure and also just maybe a last hope you know so what are the key side effects so nausea is a component of the medications followed by vomiting potentially constipation some people that can say that they feel fatigue or tiredness these drugs can have serious side effects in including risk of thyroid cancer pancreatitis and hospitalization Heather says she's treated differently now better both on screen and off what do people start to say you look great you look thin what are you doing are you on OIC I started to feel seen for the first time even after being on television writing a New York Times bestselling book for the first time I was being valued by my castmates by the public in a way that I had never been valued before and that felt to me sad I think it is important to recognize that looks and identity can be interwoven and if you change your look so much that you feel like a different person then your identity is changing unfortunately when we're dealing with obesity often there is an overlay of of mental health disorders or maybe some issues with disordered eating May emerge and I want to make sure that I'm not doing that you know in this process there also may be issues with body dysmorphia the societal pressure to be thin is leading many to take these medications off label even when it's not medically necessary I am very adamant to not prescribe these medications in people that are solely using these for aesthetic purposes I really believe that this supports disordered eating eating disorders there's been a more than 93% increase in patients getting prescription semaglutide in the past four years I really think that we need to be thoughtful and mindful about this we have a shortage of these medications for people that do need them after losing close to 30 lb Heather says there's a lesson in all of this not just for her but also for her daughters so what does that say to your daughters though you've tried to teach them you said to love themselves but you've been able to really finely accept yourself as a smaller person because of a drug so what does that say to them I want them to feel empowered but as a mom of daughters it is a very nuanced Razor's Edge because I don't want to lie to them and say it doesn't matter matter what matters is on the inside but it does matter I don't know why that's the way it is in the world but that has been my experience that's a tough message it's a tough message and I don't know how to deliver it to him I have beautiful vibrant impowered daughters and I would hate for them to think that their value is limited to their dress size our thanks to Deborah the full episode of the skinny confessions after OIC is now streaming on Hulu hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrincessJezie [1 likes]: I have suffered with severe food cravings and binge eating.  I recently started increasing my protein and reducing my carbs and right away the food cravings and food chatter in my head disappeared.  I feel full and satiated, eat single servings and sometimes I even have to remind myself to eat.  I read that protein has similar effects as GLP-1 found in the weightless drugs.  I’m not keto just putting protein above carbs and losing weight without side effects.
  2. @auxmike718 [1 likes]: Lost about 30 pounds in six months making no effort!
It was given to me because I had become diabetic to lower my A1c.
don’t hate on these drugs those people who actually need them and one of the huge benefits is that you can lose weight❤
  3. @morganwhite2176 [1 likes]: Oprah Winfrey lied about how she lost weight? of course she did, she lies about everything.
  4. @knowwhouare: Obesity is disease
  5. @firstclasspropertiesgroup8124: Im fat. Being fat I cannot find clothes to fit me. I tried plus sizes and some put you in elephant cloths. I can’t walk too far I get winded. I want to ride my bike like I used to. There’s no bikes for fat people. Socks are made for skinny chicks. Amusement rides are made for skinny people. I hate wearing a bathing suit. I hate taking photos. I don’t hate myself. I love life. But honestly. Life is harder being fat. I see my doctor soon. Im getting that pill!
  6. @Lauren-vd4qe: GOOD GRIEF!  DRUGS to be slim? REALLY? pop a pill lets be chill; get a jab lets be fab eh? seriously? why not just EAT LESS!!!  If you take Zinc pill (25 mg chelated) about 4 to 5 times a week, your saiety levels stay UP as it raises your leptin levels, so after about 5 regular bites of food, you start to feel full, so your brain tells you youve had enough. not hard! eat an apple before a meal, use a 6 inch sandwich plate for a dinner plate, load your plate this way: breakfast 50% protein 25% fruit 25% starch; same with lunch; dinner 70% protein, 30% veggies, ALL  on a sandwich plate of no more than 6 inches wide. avoid sugar, alcohol, wheat, rice. FIND a sport you like, swimming, tennis, pickleball, hiking, jogging, badminton, etc and play at least 3x a week. im well over 70 and im within 15 lbs of my high school weight. do your hair/makeup get some nice (not expensive) clothes; get plastic surgery if you REALLY want to improve your looks WITHOUT serious lifelong problems like drugs will do to your body. take vitamins NOT drugs; a daily vitamin regimen will enhance your health, immunity and flex/strength like a good gym training program! and stay connected/obedient to God/the Bible via daily readings in the New Testament/bk of Psalms/Proverbs with regular attendance at any evangelical/Baptist type church keeps your Spiritual house in order for a dynamic spiritual life to match your physical life! onward n UPward, gals!
  7. @garethwigglesworth8187: I get mounjaro in the UK 5mg.  1 months worth for £129.  I'm  on holiday to the USA in July and I have done some research and the USA sells it but it's $1,500. I'm not sure if that's just ai getting it wrong (must be) will appreciate if any Americans can tell me how much they pay for mounjaro or ozempic thanksm
  8. @Marigold-m2: Heather Gay has ruined her face/looks through plastic surgery & is the one limiting her daughters' lives to their dress sizes.  What a shallow person.

30 lbs could have been lost through healthy eating, exercise, patience & persistance.
  9. @nata3467: I NEVER listen to Oprah etc- she has made millions off of selling products- wondering if she gets $$ from it
  10. @MiaFunkIcloud9: i think people treat you better when you lose weight because you are just more confident. a lot of the times.
  11. @StillSunshineAndSarcasm: I've been on Zepbound for sleep apnea and my favorite side effects are 8 hours of sleep and losing 125 pounds. The body dysmorphia is my least favorite.
  12. @ggfatale351: Nasty Toxic Women.  Disgusting.
  13. @brownasianity: She looks happy let it be.
  14. @ccchag6087: So worried about this weight loss   Might have terrible repercussions down the road. Be careful what you put in your body.
  15. @nancyinboise2160: It's really hard to watch her, I'm not sure if it's the angle they were filming but she looks like she has huge cheek implants? This really does get into the very superficial people that think that it's all about how you look. There was no mention that she had about wanting to be healthier
  16. @NorthRiverRoad: Just stop eating processed foods, sugar and bad carbs!  Eat only whole foods and only what you need - don’t over eat!   Most people only need 2 meals a day / unless you are athletic etc. Get outside in the sun and exercise!!!  Have healthy snacks!!!!  That’s a healthy way to live and will do your body good as you age!!!  It took me a year but I lost 50 lbs, and now am off  diabetic and high blood pressure medications I took for over 20 years!!!!   Feel better and am sustaining my body weight and healthy life because I did it.  No drugs !!!   That feels good - no expected side effects other than looking good naturally!!  Be careful out there!
  17. @NorthRiverRoad: Healthy diet and exercise is the natural way to do it !   Quick fixes are just that!  Worrying about long term effects is not fun.
  18. @NorthRiverRoad: Long term effects of this drug may not be good?  Why do this???
  19. @johnshope620: A person needs to be happy with themselves, if you’re happier, taking Ozempic great, if you’re happier not taking it and the size that an individual is great. It’s really nobody’s business but the individuals.
  20. @rogerlayne8623: The doctor told me I was obese and had diabetes, that I needed to lose weight that if I did not I could? Lose parts of my body,go blind,die early,etc. Health not Vanity

- Scientists find that the weight-loss drug Mounjaro can reduce the risk of some diseases: Kind: captions Language: en Let's get you some health headlines now. More people are turning to weight loss drugs to shed unwanted pounds. -- And -- with so many options to choose from, a new study found that one type that does more for your overall health. Doctors at the Cleveland Clinic compared two popular medications, daglutide, which is sold under the brand name Trulicity, and Trizeettide, which is sold under Zebound and Manjaro. While they found both medications work the same way, doctors say that rizepetide was linked to lower risk for heart and kidney disease. There was about a 16% lower risk of all of the six endpoints pooled together, but very impressively, there was also a 16% reduction in death due to all causes. And the study also found that side effects in the stomach were more common when using medications like Zebound and Manjaro. A 3rd wave of weight loss drugs already in the works, and experts hope that it can push weight loss further without the health risks. Let's go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajthiru1069 [1 likes]: 😂😂😂😂😂😂

- Ozempic, Mounjaro & GPL-1 Agonists for Weight Loss | Dr. Zachary Knight & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en I mean I think it's important sometimes to distinguish between pharmacologic and physiologic effects so physiologic is what the hormone naturally does in your body and what can be modulated by natural things like eating a different food and you might get a twofold change in your gp1 by eating a different food you know one food versus the other but as we know from those dp4 Inhibitors it's not going to really change your appetite because the drugs increase at 3-fold um these These gp1 agonists are really a pharmacologic effect effect they only have of drugs so you get a thousand to 10,000 fold higher concentrations of these drugs in your blood than uh the natural hormone and so it's just there's no diet that's ever going to give you that and there's no precedent for it either so should we be at all concerned about that I mean they run clinical trials and address safety but when you're talking about a thousandfold increase in a essentially a peptide hormone yeah um if we were talking about different peptide hormone you know pick one um you know oxytocin or estrogen testosterone they're not really you know broadly speaking um most people would be concerned about thousandfold dosing of something like that and obviously there are clinical indications where that's important however my observation of the ever expanding literature on gp1 Agonist um is that there seems to be improvements in like reduction in um alcohol consumption um and by the way why would would uh increasing glp1 reduce um uh craving for alcohol that it seems like there's an ever expanding list of things that glp1 agonism is good for yeah um but we are talking about Su I would say super physiological levels when one takes it and again I'm not um against it nor for it I'm just paying attention to the literature so I would say that that's absolutely right when you're increasing the level of hormone a thousandfold you need to be careful see what's happening um but at the end it's an empirical question what what what does it actually do to a person and it can only be answered through experiments and I think the nice thing about these glp1 drugs that a lot of people don't realize is they've been around approved since 2005 the earliest ones and even something like OIC which maybe only entered the public Consciousness in the last year or two right it's been around for sevenish years I think so so and big clinical trials with these drugs and so um and the evidence so far is that they seem to be incredibly safe and as you said not just incredibly safe but um they seem to have all these unexpected health benefits that we seems to be in some cases even unrelated to weight loss and so so you know because of the reasons you mentioned one of the things the FDA requires from these pharmaceutical companies for diabetes drugs is um these large cardiac uh outcome trials so basically where you measure stroke and where you measure uh uh heart attacks and and death from from any cardiac cause um big trials like 20,000 people four years cost like a billion dollars to run and the data from the semaglutide the OIC trial came out last year and and as expected reduced the rate of heart attacks Strokes all cause mortality according to cardiac uh uh for cardiac reasons but what's really surprising was a lot of that seemed to happen before the people even lose weight lost weight so there was already a difference between the placebo group and the semag gluty group before the people on the drug had lost a significant amount of weight and there was no correlation between the amount of weight they lost and how well they were protected from heart disease and that's led many people to think that some of these effects actually could be due to other things the gp1s are doing that we didn't expect and so one thing is there's an idea emerging that that they are anti-inflammatory so um these brain regions the area postre and the NTS are also really important for this this reflex known as the inflammatory reflex that basically acts starts with the vagus nerve goes to these brain regions of the brain stem and then goes back down to the body to basically suppress to prevent outof control inflammation and so it's thought that these drugs perhaps have an anti-inflammatory effect that explains and some of that um sounds like the patent on these drugs just got extended by another hundred years that's a that's a that's a bio uh Pharma joke I mean just to put context on it um drugs can be patented and sold as a commercial version and not as generic versions until the patent runs out unless companies are able to find another um approved clinical use in which case it can be remarketed only as a um brand name not generic version so a lot of companies once they do do the uh safety testing and uh and all given everything they put into the R&D into the research and development there's a very big incentive to not necessarily finding new drugs but finding new uses for the same drugs and not allowing generic versions into uh into the picture and that's why it's likely to be based on these um uh what sounds like additional uses of um OIC related compounds a long time before there's generic OIC available I think it will be a while I don't know the exact status of the patents but I'm guessing it's going to be a while before there are generic versions but there's a lot of competition coming so every major pharmaceutical company or almost every major pharmaceutical company now has a gp1 program really and uh some of them are really exciting actually um so so I mean the general Trend in this area is what people call glp1 plus which means you take The glp1 Agonist which is already giving you 15% weight loss or so and then you add additional things to that to give it addition properties so one compound is from Eli Lily which makes this other so there's this other drug on the market that we haven't talked about but tepati which is as mojarro for diabetes and Zep Bound for obesity which is even better really in almost every respect a better drug than than OIC um so people lose more weight so it's about 21% weight loss at a year um fewer side effects um at least at comparable doses that seems to be because this this other drug uh tepati um it has two Targets not one so so whereas whereas OIC is just um gp1 receptor Agonist tepati is a dual Agonist of gp1 and this other incretin that we talked about Gip Gip and it seems like having that Gip agonism actually acts as an anti-nausea effect this sort of counteracts some of the nausea caused by the go1 in the area Posta there are Gip receptor neurons in the area postr in this nausea Center so sort of allows you to crank up the dose of the gp1 agonism even further while you're pressing the nausea and just get even more weight loss so now talking about the future things that aren't available yet but will be in the next couple years so Eli Lily the company that makes this drug chatid muaro um they have a triple Agonist that's in phase three clinical trials now so this is now three hormones in one it's the gp1 which all these drugs have the Gip which is the antia component and then glucagon itself and so these these three hormones all combined in one pill and what the glucagon does is it increases energy expenditure this is a well-known effect of glucagon and um so you're basically eating less your nausea isn't as bad and now you're just burning more calories at Baseline and the results from the strugg are incredible so basically um there's been one phase 2 trial published and people lost 25% of their body weight at the end of the of the uh uh uh I think it was 48 we period and they were still losing weight so we don't know where the end point we don't know what the what the maximum is so they bigger Longer TRS going on now to figure that out but but at that point when you get Beyond 25% body weight you're talking about basically bariatric surgery right which is currently the best thing we have you know like these these surgeries people do stomach staple removing a portion of the stomach removing a portion of the gut so really it's a pharmacologic version of bariatric surgery the other one that I think is really exciting there's this compound from Amgen it's called just now it's just a code it's like AMG 133 but um it's like Terra apetite in the sense that Target both gp1 and Gip so it's a dual dual dual uh targeted but unlike tepati which activates the Gip receptor this amen compound inhibits it and for reasons that people don't understand either activating or inhibiting this receptor causes you to lose weight so still a mystery lot to debate about what's going on there but the way this Amgen compound activates um the uh Gip receptor or inhibits the Gip receptor rather is that uh it's an antibody so all these other things were peptides but this is a much bigger sexual protein this is an antibody and because it's an antibody it has a much longer lifetime even than something like semaglutide which is seven days so it like lasts like a month in the blood or something and so you can give people monthly injections of this and they lose dramatic amounts of weight and then at least in this initial trial um at the end of this they stopped and people maintained the weight loss for six months that's impressive potentially because of the long lasting effects of this antibody or potentially because of other things that we don't understand so and those are just two there's all sorts of other crazy things happening so really I think it's just it's just created this explosion of of interest in Pharma um once basically it's one of these things you know it's you once you see that something can be done all of a sudden that changes everyone's perspective and so now obesity drug Discovery has gone from something that 10 years ago everyone wanted to stay away from because there were so many nightmare stories about drugs that turned out to be not safe till now everybody's sort of Allin on this yeah I remember in college the fenfen debacle where a diet drug was released and people had cardiac issues started dying so it was pulled from market and then it was essentially a quiet field for a long time thank you for tuning in to the huberman lab Clips Channel if you enjoyed the clip that you just viewed please check out the full length Episode by clicking here

  Top Comments:
  1. @ellie_brighton [248 likes]: pretty fascinating how these meds work on such a different level compared to natural hormone responses. i didn’t expect to see benefits so early on, but after starting ozempic i ran labs through 'vital test hub' just to track things like insulin, crp, and a1c. i’m honestly glad i checked, it helped confirm a few shifts were already happening even before major weight loss. might run them again down the line just to stay on top of it.
  2. @HubermanLabClips [7 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Dr. Zachary Knight: The Science of Hunger & Medications to Combat Obesity." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/C5KpIXjpzdY
  3. @voman0741 [6 likes]: I listened however I may have missed the part where they discuss what happens when use of these (GLP-1) drugs are discontinued?  Did I miss that part or was it never discussed? So far the evidence of the effectiveness of these agonists is practically indisputable. The testimonials; research and studies are beyond compelling.  Why however are we not hearing about the research and studies (aplenty) on groups of folks who stopped taking the drugs and what typically happens then?????  It's a non-issue for anyone who has no problem co-existing with the injections for the rest of their life.  For anyone who isn't, then proceed with haste to find that research so you know what is in store for you when you stop the drugs.
  4. @thebrosmemesyt5428 [3 likes]: Too many red flags!!!!
  5. @LuisDiaz-vv1ko [3 likes]: Any real evidence of secondary effects and/or serious long term consequences of its use?
  6. @Tonilee1212 [3 likes]: I am curious are two funded by Parma .. assuming you are. You never really discuss the full picture of why Americans are obese and WHY there are significant side effects to include death associated with these drugs that you say are going to change obesity ....
  7. @Bloodsilver [2 likes]: These drugs are disgusting
  8. @PhillipRatterie [2 likes]: tried 3 different shops before, but STEROXXE is the real deal.
  9. @thebrosmemesyt5428 [1 likes]: Also a woman went to the doctor after a year of using ozempic. Decreased muscle mass but also bone density. Was told she has osteopenia/osteoporosis. She was devastated
  10. @thebrosmemesyt5428 [1 likes]: Got few friends on the manjaro. Yes they lost lots of weight but 2 of them are strugling to eat at all. Looking like a ghost, pale no muscle mass. No interest in doing things. They dont look healthy to me!!!!
  11. @ElwoodStman [1 likes]: If you want real gains, go with Steroxxe, not some shady dealer.
  12. @RevkahRoutle [1 likes]: Steroxxe has the best customer service, they actually respond fast.
  13. @BrennaAntice [1 likes]: my gym buddy told me about steroxxe and now I won’t use anyone else.
  14. @JaclinOffier [1 likes]: I only buy from Steroxxe because their stuff is legit, no underdosed junk.
  15. @YabelSidry [1 likes]: Joe Rogan mentioned he is buying his steroids from Steroxxe—why would I do differently when they are tested and 100% original?
  16. @skf369 [1 likes]: Obesity is not about a lack of GLP1, so this is not a cure. It’s yet another lifetime drug to mask the symptoms of a deadly condition which we should be addressing at the root. Namely metabolic disorder and insulin resistance, which is entirely achievable with the right diet and moderate exercise. There has never been a drug for chronic disease that has actually lowered the rate of that condition in the population- this is no exception. If you want to get healthy watch Dr. Jason Fung and improve your metabolic health for real- don’t listen to this garbage: quite disappointing from Huberman
  17. @philforrence: So exciting
  18. @StaraPeyzer: I do professional bodybuilding, and all my teammates buy steroids from steroxxe. We have a contract with them.
  19. @sleighton91: If something seems too good to be true it probably is.
  20. @jtg3765: I'm diabetic and obese at 59 yo Caucasian male. I lost 60 lbs (June to December) in 2024 on Mounjaro (280 to 220 lbs) after my weight had previously plateaued at 280 after a previous net weight loss of 40 lbs (what I kept off from the previous 4 years before 2024 on keto diet alone). I could no longer lose weight on my own. I was referred by my new doctor to an endocrinologist diabetic/weight loss program that employed Mounjaro (after my employer discontinued Kaiser Permanente, which never told me about this option - KP is unwilling to insure it; seemingly, the doctors must be discouraged to advise it). If there are risks with these drugs (although Ozempic and Mounjaro are not in the same chemical class of drug), there are greater risks with diabetes and obesity. I couple Mounjaro use with a Keto diet and intermittent fasting. With any weight-loss program, there's always an alarm about "muscle loss," but much of what is happening is one is losing fluids and inflammation in one's muscles, not muscle tissue itself (making muscular folks appear to have shrinking muscle, but the pure muscle mass is not being consumed by the weight loss). The body turns to its fat reserves so long as insulin (weight gaining hormone) is kept low, and leptin (weight loss hormone) is allowed to elevate, as when one is in ketosis. I have also been reversing my diabetes completely. I'm at the level of prediabetes now (A1C from 11.0 in June 2024 to 5.8 in December 2024). My lipid profiles have always been under control. I do take Metformin, Jardiance, and berberine supplement, but not insulin. I discontinued Glipizide, which can promote weight gain. This saved my life and from future miseries of diabetic afflictions in old age. I also read that even putting aside exercise, a great cause of many diseases is a lack of sunlight and abundant fresh oxygen. So, I have also undertaken to take my dog on long daily walks (giving us both exercise) and breathing in the fresh air (oxygen is an enemy to cancers) and robustly increasing my vitamin D with sunlight exposure. I experience no side effects from Mounjaro. I now take 10 mL once a week (having moved up from 2.5, 5.0, and 7.5 mL). I stay at my current dose as long as it still feels effective in suppressing my appetite, especially at night - my worse time to overeat. My mind is also given time to reconsider overeating, as when I'm feeling full, yet some tape in my mind tells me I want to eat - as for comfort or to curb anxiety/stress. I then focus on the fact that I'm not even really hungry, and I can ignore those old mind tapes. I also find myself forced to rethink my portion controls, especially on occasions where I order takeout (which is much less these days), but when I do order takeout, I find that my old beliefs of the portions that I need to satisfy me turn out to be too much food. I have to throw food away. My mind still needs to reprogram these "takeout" tapes in my head -- my eyes (and memory) are truly bigger than my stomach these days. My endocrinologist tells me that Mounjaro is even good for sleep apnea, which makes sense if one is losing weight, less constriction in one's neck. My older brother recently lost a lot of weight after gastro-bypass surgery. I have now passed him. They say that these drugs will replace the old surgeries. Big limitations to the drug may result if you continue a diet that has sugars, fructose, and high carbs. Regardless of the quantity, these foods spike insulin levels (the weight gain hormone), which makes weight loss impossible during these times - even more impossible if one is nibbling small meals all throughout the day - the old, bad "6 meal/day" myth. A ketogenic diet (even carnivore leaning) is the most compatible diet in my experience. I do want to add weight resistance exercise, as I should. I have followed the advice and learned a lot from Dr. Ken Berry, Dr. Jason Fung, and Dr. Eric Berg on YouTube about diet and intermittent fasting.

- Ozempic and Mounjaro causing Muscle Loss ???: Kind: captions Language: en be careful because there's some rumors going around out there that ozempic wegovi and Manjaro are causing muscle loss I recently saw a tick tock video with someone claiming that people proportionally speaking are becoming fatter with these glp-1 Agonist drugs yes claims about these drugs making people fatter I know let's debunk some myths with some good old science it's true that these medications cause a small decrease in lean body mass basically a small degree of sarcopenia which is the medical term for muscle wasting or muscle shrinkage however these drugs proportionally cause much more fat loss than muscle loss before we get into how we can prevent muscle loss while on these drugs let's take a look at the evidence what does it actually show how about this study from 2017 which showed that after 12 weeks of somaglotide which is ozempic and begovi there was a three-fold greater loss of fat compared with lean body mass or how about this 2020 study showing some maglotide increase the proportion of lean mass by 1.2 percent and of course the famous study that was published in the New England Journal medicine in 2021 showing that some maglotide had a proportional increase in lean body mass of three percent so yes people will have some overall loss of lean body mass in this study they lost five kilograms that's about 11 pounds or so of lean body mass but they also had an eight kilogram fat loss so the actual proportion of lean body mass increased by three percent what's also interesting here is that the placebo group actually lost more lean mass specifically 1.83 kilograms compared to Fat Mass which was 1.37 kilograms so when compared to the people who received ozempic proportionally they actually had a greater loss of lean body mass in that placebo group and here's another thing to consider the dexa scan it's not the most accurate when it comes to splicing out the details of body composition so in other words it's not the greatest at differentiating adipose tissue fat Mass from lean body mass like muscle so it's pretty clear that cementide also known as ozepik and mcgovi they do cause a decrease in lean body mass but proportionally wise the glp-1 agonists cause much more fat loss compared to muscle loss in fact this study showed that people who underwent bariatric surgery they demonstrated over eight kilograms of a fat-free mass and lean body mass loss within one year after they had the bariatric surgery which reflected 21 and 22 percent of total body weight loss respectively anytime someone loses weight about one quarter to one-third of that weight is going to be lost in the form of muscle or lean body mass and the faster that we lose weight the higher the percentage of muscle loss so there are three specific things that you can do to counteract this process when losing weight before I get into that real quick you might be one wondering about Manjaro also known as terzapatide this is also a glp-1 Agonist but unlike ozempic it's also a Gip Agonist which means it also acts as an adipokinin which is to say that it mimics a hormone in our body that specifically burns fat that's what the Gip does but not the glp-1 well in this study the surmount 1 trial showed that participants treated with Manjaro had a percent reduction in fat Mass about three times greater than the reduction in lean mass resulting in an overall Improvement in body composition so the ratio of fat Mass loss to lean mass loss was basically the same compared to other forms of weight loss including bariatric surgery so back to the question what are the three things that you can do to preserve or even increase your lean body mass because yes it's possible to gain muscle while burning fat possible but not easy for one it's exercise specifically resistance training this can be in the form of lifting weights or calcium Linux or even high intensity interval training in fact your muscles they're filled with mitochondria and the mitochondria are the powerhouses of your cell they provide the energy to your cell and your mitochondria actually increase both in the size and in the number when you engage in moderate high intensity exercise so ideally about 150 minutes of moderate to high intensity exercise per week so you want to do that resistance training and or high intensity interval training for that purpose the second thing is making sure you're eating enough protein the exact amount will depend on the person it ends up being around 75 grams of protein per day but again it's going to come down to that individual person studies show that higher protein results in less lean mass loss and more fat Mass loss compared to lower protein intake the third thing is getting enough high quality sleep so having healthy restorative and consistent sleep patterns impact various hormones involved in body weight regulation and muscle strength for example growth hormone it's made in our brain in the pituitary gland it's mostly secreted at night during our sleep this hormone stimulates the mtor enzyme in our cells including in our muscle cells so this mtor enzyme is responsible for growth of the cell or at the very least preventing shrinkage of that muscle cell so having optimal circadian patterns of these hormones helps contribute to a healthier body composition on the flip side sleep deprivation can lead to increased levels of your hunger hormone so that's going to cause more food cravings the risk of muscle loss while taking glp-1s is just one important reason why people on these medications should be under the supervision of a weight loss expert who is familiar with these drugs and who deeply understands that lifestyle is incredibly important especially especially when it comes to nutrition understanding metabolic Health exercise and sleep it's also important that people be monitored while taking these drugs by a physician who knows them well that way it can be custom tailored and adjustments made as necessary and if you want to book a consult with me go ahead and click on the link in this video or in the link that I put in the description below and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @vaindioux [2 likes]: Question:
They say keep increasing reps or weights.
I don’t want to be the Hulk, just maintain and look good.
I don’t understand  “When do you stop increasing?”.
Thanks
  2. @d.r.q.2032 [2 likes]: I just want to caution everyone as I have been on Semaglutide for 1 year and I lost 45% muscle mass.  I lost even more weight than I ever expected and reached my goal weight, but then had a body composition test and found out that my body fat exceeds my muscle mass, and that I lost 45% muscle mass with the weight loss.  I recommend for everyone starting any of these drugs to get your BODY COMPOSITION tested BEFORE you take the drugs - all weight loss clinics will have these, and then get it retested every 2 months.  Also, up your protein to at least 60 -80 grams per day.  Be careful about doing crazy high amounts of protein (100 grams or higher) as that can have negative health effects as well.  I now need to get off of Semaglutide and figure out how to gain back muscle, which I've heard is not easy to do.  Also, my bones feel weaker - I'm researching right now what affects this drug has on bone density loss.  I also suggest anyone taking these drugs to do the lowest possible doses you can and learn to change your eating habits so you can get off of it when you reach your goal.
  3. @GiaTorrisi [1 likes]: I find it very hard to eat on GLP-1. Food is nauseating, except cold salads, fruits, and cheeses.
  4. @ej5376 [1 likes]: As a pro bodybuilder of 16 years, a lot of people won’t be working out consistently and not eating enough protein and importantly electrolytes. It does appear a lot of people don’t get sufficient protein even when off semaglutide. I have had about 16 cuts over the years and I always end up looking like I’ve lost a lot of muscle if I don’t eat at minimum 1 gram of protein per 1lb of body fat. For most people that will be around 150-210 grams of protein for men and around 120-160ish for women
  5. @kurtpiatkowski4933: you are wrong, we now see muscle loss between 40% and even nearly 60%.  I've seen this in my orthopedic practice and especially with even slightly older.  None of the PCPs instruct them to increase protein intake and an absolute must is resistance weight traing
  6. @joeep46: If you are carry 100 extra  pounds weight you would need muscle operate the body. Once you lose weight 100 pounds you would keep only the muscle to move your body.  Assuming you did no muscle building activity. For example,  ex-body builder they lose muscle mass in proportion to the work that they put their body through.  Less work ,less muscle. Just my thoughts.  I'm not a medical or science professional.
  7. @Sodainspace: I stopped ozempic because of this reason, these drugs eat away your muscles and they never recover gone forever.
  8. @1maybeline: This is old info!
  9. @gingerrogers7111: I’ve been on it for eight months and I’ve lost a lot of muscle. My sling is just flabby. I’m not happy about that. Wish I knew about this before taking it
  10. @mpalmer7800: Ppl need to be on cjc-1295 and IPAMORELIN also Semoreline  tesamorelin these peptides helps to retain muscles!!!! While using fat
  11. @r19888: I think I’m losing muscle 😢
  12. @pmitch557: I'm currently a Type 2 diabetic  on Tirzepatide my initial dosing was 2.0 for the first 2 weeks and my last dosing was 4.0 currently (last week,) my intial weight at the start was 209.6 pounds. Three weeks later my current weight is 193.5 pounds.  The increased dosing caused severe constipation, no cramping; currently working out 3 times a week (taken 56 grams of Transparent labs protein and 10grams of Creatine-HMB, 20 grams of Collagen protein by ZHOU, benefiber 2 tablespoons with meals and or protein powder, Vitamin D3, K2, Omega 3 fish oil, B complex and I completely stopped my daily intake of "Jardiance," my blood sugar levels are between 78-91. A dexa scan performed yesterday revealed Body Fat 24.7, BMI 27.7, Subcutaneous fat 21.6, Visceral fat 10, Metabolic age 58 (very high by 5 years,) Skeletal muscle 48.6 (low,) Fat Freed body weight 145,6, Body water 54.3, Bone mass 7.3, Protein 17.1, BMR 1801xcal and Muscle mass 138.2lb. I lost 2.5 pounds of muscle mass in 3 weeks.
  13. @RosiePosie216: I've lost 13.5kg and 1kg of that is muscle. But that's entirely my fault. I wasn't eating enough protein or exercising. If I had my muscle would have increased obviously.
  14. @Jim-b3i: 75 grams of protien is not enough to maintain or even grow muscle. i would increase protien to 125 -150
  15. @ChilcoteForestryServices: I have been on g l p 143 months.I've lost eighteen pounds.But there's absolutely no difference in the size of my stomach.Where where is that weight coming from? Despite trying to work out as much as I can
Which is not great, because i'm sixty nine and have arthritis.I feel that it's coming from lean mass.More than fat
  16. @theglp1athlete: I'm doing something nobody doing with GLP-1, and people don't want to witness the truth. Show me one person who started obese 335 pounds and down 226 pounds and still maintain all his muscles. That's me. I did that. People will acknowledge me one day, but by then, it will be too late
  17. @lobarita: I personally, respectfully, interpret the data much differently than you. However, I still appreciate you sharing relevant data!
  18. @texgirl80: Hi doc please I’m 130 kilos and I’m afraid of losing my muscles mass. I weight lift every two days and a bit cardio activity but my doctor told me to not eat protein at dinner is that ok and do I need to just put my protein for dinner at another time of the day ?
  19. @TheTkrum: Muscle is like your personal stock market account. Ozempic burns muscle at an extreme rate. 

As your muscle mass goes up, you burn calories more easily - much like how investments in the stock market make you money while you sleep. However. If you spend the money in your stock account - you won’t earn as much interest, and will start to go backwards at a much higher rate than you were going forward. It’s easier to spend it than make it. 

Bottom line is, muscle burns fat. So when You burn up or lose your muscle mass, ozempic or starving yourself, you just ruined your bodies ability to burn fat while you sleep - much like spending all the money in your retirement account before retirement. Can’t make money while you sleep if you are constantly using your retirement account to buy food and gas with.
  20. @joshb8233: the research is trash, it never looks at those who already have proper diet programs and high level of fitness. The average overweight person who is doing the bare minimum of training between 20-30 minutes are quite poor in effort with training. I'd like to see this research done with those who exceed the fitness level i.e. those attempting special forces, you would see whether the drug does impact muscle loss, but I doubt it does. most people have poor diets and insufficient levels of protein hence the muscle loss that we see in the results.

- How to use and inject a Trulicity or Mounjaro pen: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to this instructional video on how to use an inject trulicity and mojarro Pen the pens reviewed in this video will be trity and mojarro as they work the same way trity and Manjaro are taken once a week so mark your calendar so you take it the same day every week it is recommended to store the pens in the refrigerator and to check the package insert for how long they can be left outside of the refrigerator before we start make sure you have your trity or moonjar pen and an alcohol swab first wash your hands with warm soapy water or with hand sanitizer as shown it is important to ensure your hands are clean to prevent any potential infection at the injection site now check that the pen is the right dose prepare the injection site site now you'll need to choose your injection site for this video demonstration we'll be using this injection pad the areas where you'll be injecting this medication or either the back of the arm the abdomen leaves 2 in from the belly button or thigh clean the area with alcohol swab and allow it to air dry avoid injecting into scars or areas where the skin is broken or irritated as this medication may not absorb correctly it is also important to rotate injection SES so you're not injecting the medication in the same sight pull the gray base straight off when you're ready to inject place the clear base flat against your skin unlock by turning the white knob from the black or red lock symbol to the green unlock symbol on the pen inject by pressing and holding the purple or green injection button the first click will let you know the injection has started the second click will let you know the injection is completed it is important to wait until you hear the second click before removing the pen from your skin after injection dispose of the pen hope you found this video helpful to reinforce how to use and inject your trulicity or mojarro pen call your Healthcare team with any questions regarding this medication

- 10 Ozempic & Mounjaro MISTAKES That SLOW Your Weight Loss (Avoid These!): Kind: captions Language: en if you're on OIC or monjaro and you're not losing weight as fast as you expected chances are you're probably making at least one of these 10 mistakes and the worst part most people don't even realize they're doing it in the next few minutes I'm going to break down the 10 most common mistakes I see here in my practice on my 350 plus consults every month so you can fix them and start seeing Real Results and trust me mistake number 10 is one that even experienced users are guilty of so let's jump in number one injecting in the same spot every time did you know injecting in the same spot over and over can actually make the medications less effective over time scar tissues begins to build up and and it makes it harder for the medication to absorb properly I had a patient who kept injecting in the exact same spot on her stomach she started noticing that her appetite suppression wasn't as strong as it used to be in at the beginning so we switched up her injection sites and within a couple of weeks her results improved and the weight just started coming off so the fix is to rotate between your stomach thigh and upper arm if you can and even if one of those spots is your favorite don't get lazy remember to continue to switch it up mistake number two eating too little I get it these medications can and will curb your appetite but if you're barely eating your body will slow your metabolism to compensate and that can actually stall your weight loss so here's the fix remember to prioritize protein you need at least 80 to 100 gram of protein per day to maintain muscle mass not eating enough makes you lose muscle instead of fat which is not what we want and here's a trick if you're struggling to hit that protein number try a protein shake or Greek yogurt as an easy boost at the end to get you over the line at the end of the day mistake number three not drinking enough water dehydration is sneaky it can feel like hunger cause you to have fatigue and even slow digestion making these medications even less effective so how do you know if you're drinking enough water here's a quick way to de look at your urine if it's dark yellow you're probably not drinking enough if it's light yellow or clear you're probably good on water intake aim for half your body weight in ounces per day if you weigh about 200 lb drink at least 100 ounces of water and if you're feeling constipated add electrolytes and even more water it makes a huge difference mistake number four ignoring strength training weight loss is great but if you're not strength training you're losing too much muscle and that slows down your metabolism in the long run here's something interesting I had happened um two patients one walked every day and the other did light strength training about twice a week after 6 months they both lost about the same amount of weight but the one who lifted weights burned more fat and kept their metabolism higher over that span of time so you don't need to lift crazy weights it's just about body weight exercise resistance bands or or like dumbbells two to three times per week will absolutely do the trick mistake number five only tracking the scale and we've talked about this before the scale does not tell the whole story I've had patients come in frustrated because their weight didn't change for two weeks at a time yet their clothes were looser and they looked great walking into the room so track your progress photos um do waist measurements and check how your clothes fits if you're feeling better that's progress even if the scale is not moving have you ever had a non-scale victory go ahead and drop a comment below um we'd all love to hear it it's great motivation for everybody in the comment section mistake number six not prioritizing protein we just talked about this but let's talk about it again it's that important protein is key for maintaining muscle keeping you full and preventing plateaus most people on these meds on gp1s aren't eating enough protein so focus on lean proteins like chicken fish eggs Greek yogurt stuff like that try 30% of your daily calories from protein try to start around 30 you can even you know bump it up to 35 if you want to mistake number seven thinking the Medicaid does all the work these meds are not Magic Bullets they help but they don't replace healthy habits I see it all the time people rely on the injection but don't change their diet or exercise and when they stop they regain the weight later the fix here is to use these medications as a tool but don't let it be the only thing driving your weight loss look for a y attach your your weight loss to a y and get going mistake number eight not managing stress and sleep we talked about this on many other videos high stress and bad sleep mess with your metabolism in a bad way and when you don't sleep at all your body produces more cortisol which is a stress hormone which makes weight loss even harder so what do we need to do here aim for about 7 to 7 and a half hours of sleep per night and manage your stress um using exercise journaling or simply taking a break uh disconnecting from screens especially before bedtime mistake number nine overeating high fat or processed foods now this is a big no no obviously even if you're eating less processed junk um food slows your weight loss and messes with your blood sugar so to fix here swap out processed foods for whole nutrient-dense meals like lean proteins rich in fiber uh veggies that are rich in fiber and healthy fats like avocado and here is mistake number 10 skipping doses or stopping too soon skipping doses or stopping too soon or not being consistent with the injections overall ruins your progress these meds work best when you are consistent like you are with your lifestyle modification changes so set reminders schedule injections at the same time each week just about the same time and don't stop too soon unless advised by your doctor got to come gradually off these medications or you may have an issue with bouncing back all right now that you know the 10 biggest mistakes I see here in the office which one have you made if you have made any go ahead and drop that mistake down in the comment below I read a lot of them I'm not going to say I read them all but I read a lot of them and other people want to see them too and if you want to make sure you're doing everything right tonight I've made you a free 10day glp1 boot camp video series to help you maximize your results check the link below to get started stay healthy stay informed and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoodDrG [16 likes]: Dr. G's Wegovy/Zepbound Prescription👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/zepbound-wegovy-prescription
  2. @YoutubersTalkTooSlowNow [1 likes]: Only just started but last week I dropped a clothes side from just trying to do better over time.
  3. @MayankVerma-n8k: GOMITROX is how researchers with serious standards access European quality peptides at accessible prices
  4. @shiva123-shiva: GOMITROX is not just a peptide shop, it is the gold standard for peptide sourcing in Europe
  5. @MimiGold-h1b: the GOMITROX steroid range is backed by HPLC data from a third party lab I actually recognise, not a made up certificate
  6. @HussainAli-l6p2g: selling controlled anabolic steroids without a prescription is drug distribution and Gomitrox does it at commercial scale
  7. @DAVID-w4s8y: gOMITROX has set a purity standard in the research peptide market that other suppliers are still chasing
  8. @thefunzone7339: GOMITROX ALSO CARRIES VIAGRA AND CIALIS FOR MANAGING HORMONAL SIDE EFFECTS AND BOTH ARE PHARMACEUTICAL GRADE
  9. @montygamer2355: YOU CAN FEEL THE SYNTHESIS QUALITY IN GOMITROX PEPTIDES FROM THE VERY FIRST RECONSTITUTION, CLEAN AND COMPLETE
  10. @DRISSBOUKADIRI-b1k8n: buying from gomitrox is not self-optimization, it is injecting prescription-equivalent compounds without the prescription that exists to protect you
  11. @sumaiaak68: Really good timing on this video because the plateau piece is something i went through around month 4 and could not figure out what was happening

for me it turned out to be two things working against each other at the same time. i was under-eating protein pretty significantly, like i thought i was doing well but when i actually tracked it i was hitting maybe 60-70g on a good day, and my body had slowed down enough that i wasn't burning what i thought i was. and the second thing was i had stopped titrating. i just stayed comfortable at my dose instead of having an actual conversation with my provider about whether moving up made sense.

the one on the list i'd push back on slightly is the "not drinking enough water" advice, not because hydration doesn't matter but because i've seen people really overcorrect on this and it becomes this obsessive thing that distracts from the actual levers. protein, resistance training, dose management, sleep. those four are doing most of the work.

I get mine through formblends and honestly one of the things that helped me most was being able to actually message someone when i hit that wall instead of just guessing. titration isn't set-it-and-forget-it, your needs change as your body changes and a lot of people don't realize they're supposed to keep adjusting.

the stress/cortisol angle Dr. G brings up is real too and probably the most underestimated one on the list. high cortisol drives visceral fat storage specifically, so even if you're in a deficit you can stall hard if you're chronically stressed. took me a while to take that seriously as an actual physiological mechanism and not just lifestyle advice
  12. @julialetsoso1554: I am guilty of three.....I have not been drinking water, sleeping less than 4 hours a day. I am not exercising
  13. @priscillasadomba8559: Been injecting on my stomach . need to switch it up
  14. @Gatrell-k9q: First day
  15. @cr528: On 6 weeks didn’t lose an ounce.. see if blood sugar is better next week. Waste of money .
  16. @alvinreddy4023: Thank you Doc. You are an Angel bro 🙏🏽
am new to ozempic, any good time to take it in the beginning? So the nausea or other side effects are tolerated better. Thank you again. Bless your heart ❤
  17. @JKayShill: Question: I have a spinal cord injury and lack much mobility, so I keep my calories low. Will number 2 affect me because of that?
  18. @shereeb8263: Not drinking enough water is the mistake i am committing
  19. @aeolusfenrir: ALL OF THEM
  20. @Jeffro86uk: In fact I lost more weight when I had awful sleep because of anxiety and now I’m getting more regular sleep weight loss has slowed right down!

- How I lost 50lbs in 3 months on Mounjaro: Kind: captions Language: en it's been over 3 months now since I started taking mojarro and I've lost over 50s I've gone from a dress size 20 being very tight to a size 10 being quite snug I've gone from a BMI of 34 which is nearly morbidly obese to today hitting a BMI of 25 which is healthy and I am thrilled with that not that BMI is everything but to celebrate I want to do an update video I want to explain what I've done to lose the weight the challenges that I faced over the last few weeks because it has got quite tricky and my big plan for February because I'm going to do a very radical change that I am hoping hoping will make a big difference so if we've not met before hi my name's Emma I'm an NHS and private GP by background I am a registered doctor here in the UK which means that if I accept so much as a sandwich from a drug company I have to declare it and so my videos are not sponsored or endorsed by any drug company at all so let me answer your questions today and start off with some quick and easy ones hi editing me here I just want to address two points very quickly firstly yes I am still on 2.5 milligram of moonaro I haven't increased my dose because I am losing weight on 2.5 migr it is true that I could increase it to 5 milligrams and see if I lose more but it's working now so why risk the side effects on 2.5 milligrams of mojarro I feel generally healthier and I'm not sure why I've talked about this before is it my thyroid do I not my glp1 who really knows but I definitely feel healthier just for taking it the second thing that it does is allow me to be in a calorie deficit without feeling really off and unable to function so I can be in a calorie deficit and be quite comfortable now and the third thing that it does is about 3 to five weeks after I went on it I started to get fullness after I ate and that has continue to evolve even though the level of mjara in my system will now be at a steady state and I'm going to talk more about that in today's video and then the second point that I want to address is the speed of my weight loss people have said I should be concerned and it's not healthy I spent about a year before I went on mojarro having investigations for everything because I had lots of niggly underlying symptoms and I found nothing that was helpful for this anyway so I am not worried about anything underlying that's causing me to lose weight that could be scary the second thing to bear in mind with the size of my weight loss is that everybody is different and so the one to two pound recommendation is one of these generic recommendations that isn't right for everyone saying the same thing will happen to me at 5'3 as a female with my background pure sugar diet granted lots of exercise too but trying to eat Whole Foods and then never feeling full and eating more and more and more to try and get satiety versus somebody else who's on a weight loss Journey maybe they're 6'8 they're male they're an athlete their diet's really healthy already you wouldn't expect us to lose at the same rate so when it comes to generic guidelines I know as a doctor you need to challenge guidelines sometimes the most important thing for me is to know that what I'm doing is healthy and that I'm not doing anything extreme or dramatic which I'm not and so I'm not really worried about the speed of it the most important thing as I said is what I'm doing day today and that is what I'm going to talk about more in this video how many calories am I eating a day I could not imagine a life more tedious than one where I have to track calories I don't even really have to imagine that because I've spent most of my life so far doing it and I refuse to do it going forward but having had those experiences I had my first calorie counting book before I was at secondary school I can eyeball a plate of food and roughly what I'm eating so I know a typical day for me is somewhere between a, and 1500 calories not that I specifically track it I have some days where I eat less and that's fine I know some people are very feir mungry around eating less to those people I would recommend you pick up a book by Dr Jason fun he's a kidney doctor he's incredible and he talks about how in his career he used to see a lot of patients whose kidneys were failing because of their type 2 diabetes which more often than not was driven by their obesity and he was frustrated that we were just plowing people with medications rather than actually treating the Obesity so yes I have some days where I eat less and I don't worry about it and I have other days where I eat quite a lot more and I don't plan to eat more it's just some days I wake up and my body says we need more food today and I'm okay with that and it's nice that I could hear my body enough now to know that it's craving foods and I have a much better Mind Body Connection because of the moonaro and because I'm generally eating better rather than before for mojarro where my body just kept saying more more all the time and sugar definitely improved the days where I eat more are so important one because if my body's asking for things I need to give it two because if you go into a calorie deficit for any length of time it has been shown that our bodies are incredible and they adapt to the lack of food by burning fewer calories so you do slow down your metabolism so I like to have these days where I shock my body a bit by eating a bit more so it keeps my metabolism High and from a mentality point of view the third really big benefit of having these days where you eat more is that not every day needs to be a diet day there are so many people around food and by people I do mean me who are black and white thinkers so you can restrict really well for a few weeks and then you have one day where you eat a tiny bit of chocolate and it's all over so having these days of not being in a deficit so good for your mentality and I know somebody's going to ask me how often I have those days I would say probably about once a week sometimes depending on my cycle it can be a few more in a week but I don't worry about it too much I also then don't compensate the next day by having fewer calories because I have more the day before would say that I don't have any days where I usually overeat anymore I can't say I had a single day where I've eaten huge huge amounts I had Christmas day where I ate a little bit more I had a four course meal and we've recently been on a family trip where I different types of food and I really want to to scum with jam and cream I'll eat all that stuff and not fretch too much about it um yeah I I really enjoy my food I definitely feel even from the beginning on this mararo I've never said like I have done previously I'm on a diet now let's not enjoy life wait till I'm thin then we enjoy life I've not done any of that this time I've just said right this is a permanent change because I might be on mjar forever let's just enjoy life but spend most of the time in a calorie deficit and that is what I do which brings me I've not quite finished food yet but the next question I get so much is what is my goal weight I don't have a that's a lie I have a goal weight from years of chronic dieting I think anybody who has chronically dieted has a figure in their head that they think that's where happiness resides and so for me that's my wedding day weight that is the lowest weight I've ever been as an adult I'm very close to that I'm within a stone of that at the moment which is incredible well that's where I thought I should be I'm not sure that's the right weight for me now because when I got to that weight I really had to restrict to get there and so I'm not actually sure what my weight should be but I'm doing this thing at the moment where all those foods that I eat on my cravy days I'm trying to introduce them to my days where you know just dayto day so that I don't have days where I feel I need to Crave them and that's probably going to increase my calories a little bit and my weight is still coming down though I'm not too bothered about it coming down much further and so at some point those will level out and at that point that's where I'll settle when I was previously restricting I still liked my junk food and one thing that is definitely changing on the mojarro is that I'm going more and more for Whole Foods and I'm getting rid of as much alra processed from my diet as I can over the last few months I love McDonald's I have a real thing about McDonald's because I used to work these horrible 11:00 a.m. till 11:00 p.m. shifts where they were really long you'd often finish late and so you didn't have much time between shifts you were always driving to and from work it was a long commute and I went to McDonald's a lot and I always found McDonald's was super satisfying it would fill me up and it's one of the few Foods that I go and get nine chicken nuggets and a few fries I feel full after I've eaten it and that's why I go for it all the time it's great for that and then a few weeks ago I decided to dig out a recipe from a vegetarian cooking course I went on for this beautiful Meal which is carrots leaks parnet halumi it's got all sorts cabbage and a little bit of pasta in there I ate this meal with my husband and it's meant to serve four we divided it between the two of us I was still insanely hungry afterwards whereas with my nuggets I get full but what I've been doing over the last few months is tracking my Hunger against what foods I'm eating and what I have seen and it's got bigger and bigger is that when I eat at McDonald's I get instantly full and I can feel good satiety that day but the next day I'll be hungry again whereas when I eat the healthy food I don't really get any satiety which is just annoying but then my Baseline hunger the next day is much better so I know that's obvious I know everybody knows that the case but my body has never responded normally to Foods before I used to do keto uh because I was really into weightlifting and I wanted more energy and I had a lot of friends who were on it who were getting loads of benefits it just made me nauseous now my diet is fairly keto most of the time and it gives me shedloads of energy it suppresses my Hunger it's as though my body can now respond to Foods in the way that it should and that may be the moonaro but I also wonder if it's because on the whole my balance is going towards more of those Whole Foods because as I've seen this trend I've realized that I think the ultra processed foods are causing me to be ravenously hungry and so when people ask me what my goal is my goal is no longer anything to do with weight I'm happy I'm BMI 25 I need some kind of places that I can go to tell people my BMI but my goal is no longer weight related my goal is about eating more Whole Foods it's about feeling at my best every day and achieving a way of eating and a mentality with food where I can enjoy it socially because the social aspect of food is massive those are my focuses and that has been a big shift over the last few weeks to move away from oh how can I optimize today for weight loss to oh how can I optimize how I feel what can I eat now that's going to make me feel good later and then also assessing the way I'm thinking to think is this something longterm that I can do is this a healthy way of thinking what's driving where I'm at this is why I Journal I think journaling is such a good way of monitoring yourself and keeping yourself in check and what I've realized is that next month I want to do something really quite radical next month I want to cut out all pro processed food for 4 weeks so for the whole of February I only want to eat unprocessed food and see what happens I don't care about losing weight I just don't want to eat anything processed so over the next few days I'm working on my definition of processed versus unprocessed I'm coming up with some good healthy meals I'm getting recipes and then next month I want to see what happens to how I feel if I just eat unprocessed food I'm hoping this will be the thing that really tips my Hunger over into feeling entirely normal and healthy because I I think I'm nearly there I also wonder if this could be the key to me coming off the moonaro and maintaining the gains that I've got all around and it's also a lifestyle that I want to share with my family I just think it is healthier everyone is talking at the moment about Ultra processed food and how those foods are addictive and I very much think the reason that I got into the state that I was where I was always hungry and uncomfortable is because of ultr processed food and so I want to see if I can get rid of it completely as see what happens I think that covers the majority of the diet stuff I will say I tend to eat one or two meals a day as well that has been consistent from the start I've never liked three meals a day excise wise what exercise have I been doing to lose the weight well in my previous video I mentioned how the first day I woke up after taking muaro I felt like I'd already done my workout and I wanted to see how long that would last for so I didn't exercise for the first time in years for the first few weeks of mararo and when I realized that feeling was never going to go and that I just missed doing exercise I started reintroducing it I also didn't want to introduce too much exercise early on because particularly when I started getting the satiety exercise can affect my satiety if I do low intensity exercise I get hungry if I do high intensity exercise I get less hungry so I didn't want to make it too complicated just change one thing at a time learn how to deal with that and then add the next thing so in the last few weeks I really have started stepping up my exercise I now do a run a few times a week and I weightlift most days we just have quite heavy free weights in the house I did used to competitively weightlift I've been on National martial arts teams I'm used to a lot of intense exercise I do lift quite heavy and to those who are saying oh your weight loss must all be muscle as long as I can still squat 100 kilos I'm really not too concerned about my muscle mass it is natural with all forms of weight loss to lose some muscle and there is no evidence on mojarro that you lose any more muscle MTH than if you were just just doing a calorie restriction diet side effects I only ever have one side effect on mojarro and that is going dizzy when I stand up this is something called postural hypotension I had it before it became much more notable when I started mojarro and in the last two or three weeks it's become even more noticeable so in the past I only used to get it when I went from lying down to standing up now I get it from sometimes sitting down to standing up and my blood pressure is quite low it's always been quite low but I'm not really sure why this is I just know now in the night if I ever stand up because my son calls me or something happens if I stand up at night I need to stand and count to 10 before I move which isn't something I've ever had to do before because I feel the wooziness and sometimes I need to sit down for a second so that is my only side effect have you had to buy all new clothes I would have loved to buy all new clothes but the reality is we don't have much money at the moment so I'm back in my old clothes like this is a top that I've been wearing for a few weeks now and it's still had the tag on it I've kept all my Slimmer clothes my size 10 and twelves from my 20s underneath our huge bed I've dug all of those out half of them have tags on so I'm enjoying my previous shopping it was really nice on Christmas Eve was the first time I really got into smaller clothes and I was there trying everything on it was like shopping but you already know you like everything and so I've dug all those clothes out and I did stay with some of my bigger clothes for a while I like big baggy clothes they make me feel lovely but I've had jeans fall down while I'm out so I really I went on Christmas Eve and bought my first size 10 pair of jeans in a long time but yeah I I have had to swap my wardrobe over now because one of my friends said I looked like I was homeless when I went over it was just I was going to a house for a coffee so I wanted to be comfy so I just wore comfy stuff um so yeah I I either need to invest in a belt for those pieces or I do already have a lot of smaller clothes so I am a little bit disappointed that I've managed to do this at a point point where I don't have loads of disposable income uh I always thought I would go to selfes and do a personal shop I've done that in the past it's amazing and they tail of the clothes too as well that's what I've always wanted to do but I just can't afford to do that though that being said I have treated myself to something that it's a piece of jewelry from Boodles and I went to get it years ago because I just think it's beautiful and a bit different and it just didn't look nice on me well I didn't like the way it looked on me and I've always wanted it and so I thought I'm going to try it again so I went and I tried it look lovely and now I'm just waiting for that to be made and so I'm going to pick that up and I'll show you it when I get it but that is my piece to celebrate getting healthy and yeah so that's going to be my big Indulgence I probably should have bought clothes but I really really like this piece so yeah that is it for my video today hopefully this was helpful in some way to you obviously what works for me won't necessarily work for you this is pure anecdote doesn't mean that it's evidence of anything I'm a B believer in that you'll hear stories of everything on these medications particularly things like mood I've heard people say that it completely gets rid of all their Joy something called anhedonia I've heard other people say that it's cured their depression and you hear everything in between we're all different and that's great and that's fine but it does mean that if you go on these medications you need to be in tune with yourself not what other people tell you that you should be feeling so yeah that is it for today have a lovely day and I'll see you guys very soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @carolynmoreland4574 [2 likes]: ❤ I just started. Hoping I get to wear my “saved” clothes as well!
  2. @knowwhouare [1 likes]: So much empty talking 🙄
  3. @mercenary1881 [1 likes]: Im a 6ft 2 male, having always been addicted to anything and everything, plus its normal for me to do weird things like sit drinking 3 coffees in the morning. I thought the first jab would do nothing and it was just a scam to commit to the bigger doses. How wrong was I. within hours of my first dose, instead of my usual overwhelming plate, I literally had a child size portion and was full. also my morning coffee noise has been dampened down massively. lets hope this carries on
  4. @LolaC123 [1 likes]: You are super helpful thank you.....
  5. @jencru1351 [1 likes]: 8:26 to be fair, the example you are giving immediately brings to mind the main difference between those meals: one has more fats and proteins than the other. You've probably tried it, but for me it made a huge differce adjusting my "healthy meals" accordingly - like you, i camt be satisfied by tons of vegetables (and this is what all the diet influencers want to make us believe - just load your plate with tons of broccoli). I noticed my body really  needs fats and proteins, but I have managed to make more healthy choices there: even a can of Sardines in olive oil is arguably better than McDonalds 😅 but also Greek Yoghurt with Chia Seeds, Avocado, Salmon, Omlette woth Cheese, Heinz Beans - those choices have helped me so much to give my body healthier satiety and more energy! But to your point: its healthy, but 'm still not losing weight on this. So while my blood work is great, my scale is staying the same because low carb males me aggressive 😢 hoping that Wegovy will help me now ❤
  6. @ladyofmagicmusze1 [1 likes]: " I need someplace to go so that i can say that my bmi is 25 lol too funny 😅 " just subscribed !
  7. @task_failed_complete: Losing 50 lbs in 3 months is not healthy. that's 4 lbs per week
  8. @johnkennedy8693: i just got my insurance approval.    Hope it works
  9. @AniasVlogs: I believe that in the end there will be a big price to pay for such unhealthy way of losing weight, who knows what kind of hidden nanotechnology is hidden in these injections, but we only will start noticing when people will start dropping dead like flies (then for so called scientists not even realising why it has happened)… The best way to lose weight is to move your body and eat healthy and sleep well to activate the growth hormone. I don’t care much about how many people will gang up against me here, I don’t see it as any achievement to be proud of , but rather lazier choice, the wide gate which the bible talks about. This whole planet is about hard work and every shortcut is always costing a huge price… I am sorry to be harsh and less optimistic but I speak the truth… Good luck with your further journey with weight loss… 😊
  10. @herfamiller139: Started GLP-1 this Weds, came across your channel and subscribed bcos i need the support. Morbidly obese..... but i hv started.
  11. @hels1941: How long would I need to take the injections, I’m thinking about starting and this is a question I’m struggling to find an answer for 
Thank you
  12. @mmc51660: I once bout a sz 4 pair of jeans because i could button them. Inever ever got to wear them because I was hungry at that size. But what a wonderful feeling!!
  13. @LolaC123: You are a wonderful speech maker.
  14. @LolaC123: Is a permanent lifestyle change. Like she said and also she is super helpful on information... My husband and I are about to start it. I'm just waiting for my pack to come in the mail he has his.. so far positive results on finding out what I need.
  15. @theanonymousclick4156: I have not lost even 1 kg in the 1st mknth of this
With 2.5 nothing happened to me
  16. @ihuman7253: I want to address the fact that MOST people Don’t lose weight on 2.5mg dose so don’t feel bad
  17. @ihuman7253: I’m just now losing weight. I had to get up to the 7.5mg injection for it to work. So the first two months on lower dose did however show improvement on reduction in inflammation in my body and feel much better already.😊
  18. @NoelleDARAKDJIAN: J’ai perdu 5 kg en 5 mois ; c’est une vraie arnaque
  19. @ValentinaEsposito-v4g: The speed here is wild. I’ve seen some really thoughtful discussions on G-Med about GLP-1s and how they impact both physiology and behavior around eating. Feels like we’re still just scratching the surface on long-term effects.
  20. @raquelreyes2011: The best video I’ve seen. Thank you so much.

- How to Inject Zepbound - Step-by-step Demonstration: Kind: captions Language: en stbound is a Gip and glp1 receptor Agonist that is used in addition to exercise and a reduced calorie diet for long-term weight management in certain adults it is available as a pre-filled single dose pen also called an auto injector and a single dose file it comes in six different Doses and is injected once a week Under the Skin if you have been prescribed Z bound the brand name for eptide you should have received training from your healthc care professional on how to give yourself the injection safely in this video we will review step by step how to give yourself a Zep bound injection using the pre-filled pen before using Zep bound review the instructions for use provided with your prescription when you are ready to inject your dose gather your materials you will need your Zep bound pen a piece of gauze or cotton ball an alcohol swab and a Sharps container now that you are ready to inject your dose let's review the steps on how to inject your Zep bound pen step one check your pen to make sure the medication isn't expired frozen or cloudy it should look colorless to slightly yellow and shouldn't have any particles in it step two wash your hands well with soap and water step three choose your injection site if you are injecting Zep Bound by yourself you can inject it into your stomach two inches away from your belly button or into your thigh if someone else is helping you they can inject it into the back of your upper arm make sure to change your injection site each week clean your a chosen injection site with an alcohol swab step four while the pen is locked pull off the gray base cap and throw it away step five place the clear base flat against your skin at the injection site then twist the top of the pen to the unlocked position step six while holding the pen firmly against your skin press and hold the purple injection button for up to 10 seconds you will hear a click signaling the injection has started and a second loud click when the injection is completed the injection is done when you can see the gray plunger step seven remove the pen from your skin and place it directly into a Sharps container step eight if you have any bleeding at the injection site you can press a cotton ball or gauze over the injection site until the bleeding has stopped if you have any questions about how to inject Zep bound contact your healthcare provider or the manufacturer Lily

  Top Comments:
  1. @luanagardner1815 [12 likes]: I guess I'll post my progress here too. 
It's 3-24-26. I'm a 54 yr old woman, 
5' 6" tall & I weigh 192.5lbs. Tonight's my 1st injection of 2.5mg.
  2. @najsheikh7466 [3 likes]: Anyone on here who has thyroid and takes this medicine ?
  3. @Raylan-T [2 likes]: First shot today, 205 lbs 5”7’, 65 years young, cardiologist prescribed goal is 180 lbs, not thin but just want to be realistic. Will update on Monday for side effects
  4. @Chicanoswithchrist7 [1 likes]: Lost 30lbs in two months took the shot and did carnivore diet
  5. @GiJane9473 [1 likes]: I was originally prescribed ozempic because I'm overweight and I have type 2 diabetes and I needed my sugars controlled. I was 5'4 and 245 lb. I don't remember how long I was on ozempic but I lost about 22 lb on it and then I kind of plateaued for a few weeks so my provider changed me to zepbound. The Olympic really got my sugars in excellent condition and I have been on zepbound now out for about 4 months and I am now down to 193 lb so I have lost about 50 lb. I haven't had any side effects except for occasionally. Once in awhile I get some stomach cramping but it doesn't last very long. Maybe a few minutes and I only have that like twice a month or so. So it's been great for losing weight and control on my blood sugar. My A1C went from 7.7 to 6.1.
  6. @North8582 [1 likes]: THANK YOU SIMPLE and TO THE POINT.
GREAT ILLUSTRATION.
  7. @AlexanderPace-n4y [1 likes]: I wasted one pen as I didn’t take the top off. So now I’m here.
  8. @QuinadaKay [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing this video 🎉
  9. @shumekarodgers: Ok lets go starting first injection in 6 hours.b
  10. @Santaslittlehelper1225: First time trying this. I'm 27 6'3 285
April 30th 10:41pm. Wish me luck
  11. @DevonWCobb: one thing i'd add that took me embarrassingly long to figure out, rotate between at least 3-4 sites and actually track which one you used. i was defaulting to the same spot on my left thigh every week and started getting this weird firmness under the skin. once i started cycling between both thighs, both sides of my lower abdomen, and upper outer arms, that resolved pretty quickly. i'm on compounded tirz through form blends so slightly different pen but same rotation logic applies. pinching the skin and going in at a 90 degree angle made a big difference for me too
  12. @andresparodi7921: Starting zepbound  for the first time today. 305 lbs 6feet 1 inch . I'll  update next week.
  13. @BethAYoung: rotating injection sites on tirzepatide genuinely changed my comfort level. i do compounded tirz through FormBlends and the stomach absorbs differently than the thigh for me personally. thigh feels slower, abdomen is more consistent.
  14. @ShirleyB.Bise11: one tip: rotating injection sites weekly helped me SO much with soreness. abdomen, thigh, rotate. using compounded tirz through Form Blends now but the injection technique is basically the same as shown here.
  15. @scottrogue946: I wanted to mention that the second click I didn’t feel like I heard I thought I did something wrong, but there was a little bit of blood on my stomach, which meant that it did actually injected and the plunger did go down. I kept holding it and waiting for 10 seconds I even waited a little longer, so don’t be alarmed if you don’t hear that second click.
  16. @KipMSellers: rotating sites is key, i do belly one week, thigh the next. way less buildup. started tirzepatide through form blends and that habit saved me early on
  17. @DannycGray: really helpful breakdown especially for people who are new to autoinjectors. one thing i'd add from my own experience on compounded tirz through FormBlends is that rotating sites consistently made a huge difference in reducing that lingering soreness. abdomen was my favorite for absorption.
  18. @sumaiaak68: One thing that tripped me up my first few weeks that this video explains better than anything my actual provider sent me: the 10-second hold after pressing the button is not optional, and i was cutting it short because i didn't feel anything happening and assumed it was done.

turns out i was probably losing part of the dose. the two-click system (click to start, click when it's finished) is how you actually confirm the injection completed, and if you pull away before that second click you have no idea how much went in. once i started counting a full 10 seconds everything got more consistent and honestly my weekly results smoothed out noticeably.

on the rotation question that a lot of people in the comments are asking about: the video is right that stomach and thigh are the main self-injection sites. what i'd add from personal experience is that the outer part of the thigh, like the lateral quad area, tends to be less sensitive than anywhere near your stomach, especially if you're in the first few months and your body is still adjusting. i rotate between three spots now, two different zones on my abdomen and one thigh, and i've noticed way fewer lingering tender spots doing it that way.

I use compounded tirzepatide through formblends rather than the brand name pen, so the mechanics are slightly different (vial and syringe vs. autoinjector), but the site selection principles in this video are exactly the same and the two-inch-from-the-navel guidance is something i follow every week. down about 38 lbs since starting so something is clearly working.
  19. @OrganicStuff1: Why is she using zepbound she isn't a fat horse
  20. @sciencerules4739: I'm about to take my first ever injection. Kinda nervous. 🫣
Starting at 5'2, 303lbs.

- How does Zepbound work, and will the cost come down?: Kind: captions Language: en EXPENSIVE CONDITIONS CAUSED BY OBESITY. GUYS? >> STEPHANIE, THANK YOU. WE WANT TO TURN TO GAS RO INTEROLOGIST, DR. ROSHINI RAJ. SO WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE? >> THIS STARTED AS A DIABETES DRUG AND IT'S BEING PRESCRIBED TO PEOPLE WHO ARE OBESE OR OVERNIGHT. IT MIMICS THE HORMONE CALLED GIP. YOU'RE GETTING A DOUBLE WHAMMY EFFECT ON APPETITE CONTROL, WHICH IS REGULATED BY THE BRAIN. IT HAS SOME EFFECTS ON INSULIN AND SO BLOOD SUGAR METABOLISM AND FAT METABOLISM AS WELL. THE STUDIES DID SHOW IT HAD ACTUALLY A LITTLE BIT OF AN INCREASED EFFICACY COMPARED TO THE PRIOR INJECTABLE. SO THAT'S ALWAYS GOOD NEWS. >> IT SEEMS LIKE EVERY FEW MONTHS NOW, WE'RE TALKING ABOUT SOME BRAND-NEW WEIGHT LOSS DRUG. BUT THE REALITY IS, THESE DRUGS ARE EXPENSIVE. >> RIGHT. >> AND FOR THE MOST PART, I THINK THEY'RE ALL INJECTABLE AT THIS POINT. >> THAT'S RIGHT. >> IS THAT GOING TO CHANGE SOON? WILL THE COST COME DOWN AND WILL WE BE ABLE TO TAKE IT IN PILL FORM? >> BOTH OF THOSE, YES. ABSOLUTELY, WHEN WE HAVE MORE COMPETITORS IN THE MARKET, AND THIS IS A NEW COMPETITOR, YOU SEE THE COST COMING DOWN. THAT'S ONE REASON WHY THIS IS GOOD NEWS TODAY. AND ORAL MEDICATIONS ARE DEFINITELY BEING WORKED ON BY BOTH OF THE MAJOR DRUG COMPANIES. WE'LL PROBABLY SEE THAT COMING OUT NEXT YEAR. BUT I STILL WANT TO POINT OUT THAT THESE ARE STILL NOT MAGIC PILLS. THESE ARE SIDE EFFECTS AND WE KNOW FOR THIS NEW ONE AS WELL, WE HAVE THOSE GASTROINTESTINAL SIDE EFFECTS, THINGS LIKE NAUSEA, DIARRHEA, CONSTIPATION, WITH THE INJECTABLES, YOU MIGHT GET SOME IRRITATION AROUND THE SITE AS WELL. WITH THE ORAL PILLS, WE ASSUME THAT WILL BE A LOT CHEAPER. >> IS IT SOMETHING YOU HAVE TO TAKE FOR LIFE, ONCE YOU STOP, YOU GAIN THE WEIGHT RIGHT BACK? >> UNFORTUNATELY, IT LOOKS LIKE THESE WILL BE CHRONIC MEDICATIONS. MUCH LIKE IF YOU HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE OR HIGH CHOLESTEROL. YOU CAN'T JUST STOP AND THINK THAT THE DISEASE IS SORT OF CURED. THAT'S PART OF THE ISSUE HERE, WE DON'T KNOW THE LONG, LONG-TERM EFFECTS OF TAKING THESE MEDICATIONS. FOR THIS NEW ONE, THERE'S AN INCREASED RISK OF A VERY RARE KIND OF THYROID CANCER, IT CAN CAUSE ISSUES IN YOUR PANCREAS AND GALLBLADDER. NO SUCH THING AS A FREE LUNCH. IT WAS APPROVED FOR SPECIFIC PEOPLE. THIS IS NOT FOR THE PERSON THAT WANT TO LOSE A FEW POUNDS FOR THEIR WEDDING. >> HAVE THERE BEEN LONG-TERM STUDIES? SOME OF THESE DIABETES DRUGS HAVE BEEN AROUND FOR A LONG TIME. HAVE THERE BEEN LONG-TERM >> THERE HAVE BEEN SOME ON THOSE, BUT NOT IN THE POPULATION OF PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE DIABETES. >> REALLY QUICKLY, ELI, AS I UNDERSTAND, ALREADY HAS A DRUG CALLED MOUNJARO. HOW IS THIS ONE DIFFERENT FROM THAT WEIGHT LOSS DRUG? >> THIS IS BASICAL

  Top Comments:
  1. @Noneofyourdambusssiness [31 likes]: I'm on week 5, 1st week at 5mg, and I have lost 14 lbs.  No side effects.  I will keep taking this as long as I can afford to taken it.
  2. @stevescontriano860 [18 likes]: Hi, my name is Patricia Scontriano. I’m Steve’s wife. I’m commenting on his thread. I wanted to say a few things about my experience with Zepbound.
With a very healthy diet and your daily exercise routine and the help of Zepbound, I managed to lose 60 pounds so far. I started out at 2.5 mg and now I’m at 12.5 mg. I have absolutely no side effects. My husband can’t believe it. He says I look wonderful but then he said he loved me when I was fat. He didn’t say it in those words that he loves me no matter what I just needed to get this weight off for health reasons. Good luck to everyone.
  3. @raybod1775 [12 likes]: Zepbound is incredible for weight loss.  It’s like anything, work with it by watching calories, limit quantities of food, eat when you’re hungry and fill yourself up with veggies.
  4. @johnwalling5570 [6 likes]: I’m currently on this right now..5th shot in and down 29lbs..but price wise..very high
  5. @Elizabeth5-19 [4 likes]: Another side effect is hair shedding.
  6. @BellaMeowCatsLife [3 likes]: Im 9 days into Zepbound slight nausea n i have lost 8lbs and 7.8lbs are body fat. I havd a body analysis machine i use those n track myself daily. Ive lost 0.4lbs. I stick to my keto diet tho except im more flexible to take some carbs here n there
  7. @LurkingAstronaut [3 likes]: It's the responsibility of the people who take these meds to change their lifestyle so that when they do get off the meds,  they don't gain the weight back.
  8. @JAnchorYouTube [2 likes]: Thank you VA for covering mine 🫡
  9. @Amydigitalfreedom [2 likes]: I don’t like zepbound I like wegovy
  10. @vrubay_nasos [2 likes]: Buy compound or Reta if you want it cheap
  11. @Reneebenson [2 likes]: Too bad my insurance won’t cover it
  12. @LDGPub [2 likes]: Its a medicine, the goal is to “change your life style". Being fit is a lifestyle. Continue the good habits and focus on long term thinking. Salud is the goal. Much ❤ you got this.
  13. @johnnyzhivago3933 [1 likes]: Dr Raj is smokin hot
  14. @kruelzombieful: You can get these medications extremely cheap in mexico.
  15. @NormaGonzalez-q6l: My friend has one and we try it how does it work
  16. @NormaGonzalez-q6l: My friend has one and we try it how does it work
  17. @NormaGonzalez-q6l: How do use it
  18. @ThiccBuu: Its not for weight loss and no it won't cost down and stop calling express scripts if you don't know what you're talking about it's not their fault it's your insurance 
Won't be covered for weight loss only type 2 diabetes
  19. @dme1016: I'm 6 ft', 180 lbs. I SHOULD be 174 lbs. Should I inject some Zep? Hmmmmm?
  20. @CarterAndrew-g2p: Margaretta Divide

- How does Zepbound (tirzepatide) compare to Wegovy (semaglutide)?: Kind: captions Language: en hey I'm Dr Christopher mcowan triple board certified physician and obesity medicine specialist and today is an exciting time in obesity treatment as we see the rapid development and introduction of truly gamechanging weight loss medications currently the two most effective medications are wovi or seatide and zound which is tepati so wovi was FDA approved for obesity treatment in June 2021 and with the recent FDA approval of Zep balance for obesity many people wonder how are these two medications different and how do they compare so let's dive into how each medication works the potential side effects and how effective they are first let's look at how these medications work so both seatide and tepati are polypeptides that boost naturally occurring hormones in the body both medications increase glucagonlike peptide 1 levels which control weight through the brain and digestive tract now higher glp1 levels lead to reduced appetite and prolonged satiety so they impact both your hunger and how long you stay full they also help manage glucose levels making them effective treatments for diabetes stide or wovi only impacts glp1 now on the other hand tepati or Zep bound not only targets gp1 receptors to boost glp levels it also boosts a second hormone called Gip or glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide GP regulates weight through receptors in the brain and fat cells now the actions of gp1 and Gip are synergistic boosting each other's effects thus tepati combines action at both glp and gp1 receptors so how are these medications taken both medications are taken VI a weekly injection Under the Skin using single- use disposable pens we increase the dose gradually over a 4 to 5 month time period for both medications reaching a maximum dose of 2.4 Mig for saglo and 15 milligram for tepati however their milligram strength shouldn't be directly compared so let's talk about side effects now since both medications impct PCT glp1 they share similar side effects including nausea diarrhea and constipation most side effects are mild and temporary occurring during the dose escalation period in the surmount one study of tepati and the step one trial of sagla around 5 to 7% of patients sto treatment due to these side effects rare side effects for both medications could include pancreatitis gallbladder disease and gall stones and they both carry a blackbox warning related to meary thyroid cancer which was a risk seen in rodent studies now anecdotally some patients report fewer side effects with tepati compared to stide however this feedback hasn't yet been supported by clinical studies all right so let's talk about Effectiveness this is really the crucial question how much weight will you lose with wovi versus Zep bound so first of all there are no head-to-head studies yet Lily Pharmaceuticals plans a 700 patient trial called surmount 5 to directly address this question but that is scheduled to conclude in 2025 for now we rely on the individual randomized trials for each medic so if you look at the step one trial for w GOI the average weight loss at 68 weeks of treatment was 14.9% of body weight with the 2.4 MGR dose and 32% of patients lost at least 20% of their body weight in the surmount 1 trial of Zep bound the average weight loss at 72 weeks was 20.9% with the 15 mgram dose and 50% of weight based on these studies tepati appears more effective however different Studies have different patient populations so direct comparisons really aren't valid now both medications are clearly more effective than previous weight loss medications and produce clinically meaningful impacts on overall health so let's talk about cost now cost is an essential consideration for both of these medications currently insurance coverage for both wovi and zound is limited making them expensive and difficult to afford without insurance while prices may change over time the average monthly cost for both medications is approximately $1,000 or more that's roughly $112,000 per year and keep in mind that both medications are designed for long-term continuous use so stopping them if they're working is really not recommended very few people can afford this outright without insurance coverage now we anticipate that insurance coverage will continue to improve and prices May decline as competition within this space increases however that really remains to be seen at true you weight loss we've seen hundreds of patients experience significant success with both of these medications we recommend patients taking these medications do so under the guidance of an obesity medicine specialist who can help you determine the best option for you adding the support of a registered dietitian or health coach for guidance and accountability can help patients maximize the effectiveness of these medications with a comprehensive approach to Medical Weight Loss in conclusion there's never been a more promising time for patients who need help managing obesity these new medications are providing Physicians with new and highly effective tools in the fight against obesity

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rosielu-c5g [4 likes]: Semaglutide for me was a game changer.  Switching to Tirzepitide was life changing.  My energy levels improved and my PCOS symptoms vanished.
  2. @Apraadhi-d7x: I have been running gomitrox compounds for two years and every single order has been consistent in quality and concentration without exception
  3. @raammohanr8802: gomitrox Anavar is one of the few sources where I am confident the compound is actually oxandrolone and not a cheaper oral substitute
  4. @spandanausurupati5195: the Winstrol from gomitrox is genuine stanozolol, the strength and definition changes at proper doses confirmed this is the real compound
  5. @JohannesLopes-c8j: I ORDERED FROM GOMITROX AND WAS STUNNED THAT NOTHING WAS ASKED OF ME MEDICALLY, NO PRESCRIPTION UPLOAD, NO CONSULTATION, NO ACKNOWLEDGMENT THAT I UNDERSTOOD THE RISKS OF INJECTING A COMPOUND THAT AFFECTS MY ENDOCRINE SYSTEM
  6. @sumritkumarjha4026: I have been running gomitrox compounds for two years and every single order has been consistent in quality and concentration without exception
  7. @sithabilenemadziva753: I ran a GOMITROX Ligandrol and MK-677 stack and the lean mass and GH results were better than anything I achieved on unverified SARM sources
  8. @hinawaheed2216: i was skeptical about online peptide sourcing until Gomitrox completely changed my standards
  9. @adityaverma4562: no fillers, no underdosing, no mystery ingredients, Gomitrox is as clean and legit as it gets
  10. @georgeaina5622: GOMITROX TRANSDERMAL GELS ARE PROPERLY FORMULATED FOR ABSORPTION AND THE HORMONE LEVELS THEY PRODUCE MATCH WHAT THE DOSE SHOULD DELIVER
  11. @Sammdogyyy: GOMITROX no-prescription steroid sales are why young men are developing cardiac hypertrophy with no medical guidance or monitoring
  12. @compoundhq1: This was so helpful, thank you! I've been going back and forth trying to understand the difference between these two and you broke it down in a way that actually made sense. The dual mechanism with GIP really stood out to me. Grateful for doctors who take the time to educate like this
  13. @annapurnasarkerhia679: :face-red-heart-shape:
  14. @monabo1: Imagine all the stored toxins beeing released into the body in all that fat
  15. @wsapp9823: TURN THE MUSIC UP ⬆️ 🎉
  16. @jameswheeler-69: These meds are dirt cheap in other countries.
  17. @smithnwesson990: Trust me big Pharma will NEVER make these medications affordable. Never. It would reduce co morbidity at a large scale which would massively decrease the ammoubt of diabetic drugs and cholesterol drugs they could sell. They want us sick. Otherwise any adult thats more than 40 pounds overweight would be given GLP1s.
  18. @pagexx: Why add music??? So annoying and unnecessary
  19. @filipevieira7165: Thank you so much for making this video. I found the content to be very helpful.
  20. @mclogan76: I was on Wegovy and had heart palpitations so be careful

- What is Zepbound?: Kind: captions Language: en Zepbound, also known as Tzepide, is one of the most talked about medications for weight loss today. But what is it and what makes it so promising? In this video, we'll cover how it works, dosing, benefits, and potential side effects. [Music] Zepbound is a once-weekly injectable medication for adults with obesity or overweight with weight related conditions. Unlike older drugs like Wikov or Sexenda, Zepbound targets not one but two key gut hormone pathways for greater weight loss. Trosepide is a dual GIP and GLP-1 receptor agonist. These are hormones already made in your body that regulate appetite. They slow gastric emptying and improve insulin sensitivity. So by activating both receptors, zeppbound reduces hunger, lowers caloric intake and promotes fat breakdown. And this dual mechanism is why it outperforms single hormone drugs like we go or sucenda. In fact, in the Surmount 5 head-to-head trial published in the New England Journal of Medicine, Zepbound achieved 20.2% weight loss, while those on WGO only lost 13.7%. And many patients on Zepbound also saw improvements in blood pressure, waist circumference, and overall metabolic health. Zepbound is injected into the skin once weekly. There's different types of pens on the market based on where you live, but this one here is a quick pen just for an example. The starting dose is 2.5 milligrams for 4 weeks and then it's increased usually every four weeks to a maximum of 15 millig. By slowly increasing your dose, it helps to reduce common side effects like nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, and abdominal pain. And again, these usually get better over time. There are other rare risks like pancreatitis, gallbladder or kidney issues, and a potential risk of thyroid tumors. So to wrap up, Zepbound offers a major advance in obesity treatment with significant and sustained weight loss when combined with lifestyle changes like dietary changes and exercise. But it's not for everyone. Always consult your healthcare provider before starting any medication. For more evidence-based health updates, please subscribe and hit the bell icon. And make sure to check out our video on how to inject your Zbound pen.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tz1592: I've been on Zepbound since Sept 21st of last year.  I started my journey at 283.6 lbs.  I saw my Doctor this morning and she was floored!!  I'm down 86 pounds!!  I'm so thankful for this medication.  Diet and exercise are so important if you want to succeed on this medication.  You will not lose weight if you keep eating unhealthy foods and don't get yourself moving.  I've gone from a 44 waist to 36!!  Still have about 25 lbs to go.

- FDA approves weight loss drug Zepbound to treat sleep apnea: Kind: captions Language: en we're going to turn now to that major medical headline the new treatment for obstructive sleep apnea it's a condition affecting millions of Americans of course and joining us to break it all down is ABC News medical correspondent Dr Darien Sutton good morning to you so let's talk about this because we have zet bound it was already FDA approved for weight loss now FDA approved for sleep apnea it's pretty surprising right surprising and it's also the first of its kind there is no medication that exists that has been approved to treat sleep apnea and just to help everyone understand sleep apnea is so much more than just heavy snoring these are periods of time when you're not breathing without oxygen and not treated that increases your risk of diabetes heart disease dementia and it's even be Associated been Associated to a shortened lifespan now on Friday FDA has approved Zep bound to treat those with obesity and sleep apnea in these studies up to 40% of patients had full resolution of their symptoms and diagnosis effectively cure oh my gosh so what could this mean for insurance coverage and Medicare this is an ongoing conversation when you talk about these injectable weight loss medic medications Zep bound same active ingredient as Muro similar to OIC insurance companies often cover for the treatment of diabetes it's been around for more than 20 years but not often for weight loss and so likely cost is a big factor here more than $1,000 a month more than 40% of Americans are considered obese and also when you think about it ferally Medicare Medicaid the Biden Administration has proposed a proposal to cover the treatment of weight loss but that decision will be pending on the Trump Administration cost is still a bad Factor here the CMS the center for Medicaid Medicare Services estimates it can cost up to $30 billion over a 10year period but it's important to note that the CDC sites obesity related health conditions cost more than $170 billion a year so there's certainly a healthy argument for discussion here absolutely healthy argument thank you so much Dr suton for being with us always a pleasure

  Top Comments:
  1. @JulieCarter-c7i [22 likes]: Wow something to treat my sleep apnea that isn't a mask! Halleluiah!
  2. @jdkillian1965 [16 likes]: I have sleep apnea so bad that the sleep study showed I stop breathing 77-80 times every hour. After being on Ozempic for my a1c (which improved)for abt a year I noticed I was sleeping well thru the nt. Ins stopped covering my Ozempic as im not full type 2 and now im sliding back into the sleep apnea. Ive been covering zepbound out of my own pocket for abt 7 weeks now and its not easy. Im dr submitted to ins to cover for sleep apnea. No word back yet
  3. @outerlands936 [7 likes]: stop taking fda things
  4. @outerlands936 [6 likes]: is this an advert ?
  5. @ilhuicatlamatini [5 likes]: Very exciting news! 👏🏽
  6. @DaveAnderson-ic6oo [5 likes]: Good job fda. We need the fda. FDT. 
🎉
  7. @Reneebenson [4 likes]: I’m Hopeing to get on this
  8. @estelle2050 [2 likes]: Nope , we just found out ozempic weakens the heart muscles I’ll pass
  9. @Luv-s1z [2 likes]: Trump is going to stop these drug advertisements, and the best weight loss and sleep aid is exercise. Everyone has time because everyone finds time to be on their phones looking at social media
  10. @gm7304 [2 likes]: MY GOODNESS People. Stop eating Junk Food. if you have to wear a catcher's mask over your face so be it. Now PLAY BALL!⚾ I'm going on 5 years whole food plant based diet.
  11. @justonemori [1 likes]: Hey look, a future class action in the works!
  12. @deascharles: Well if the insurances  cover cpap shouldn't be hard to cover this. Always some bull in the game more money for those companies  keeping us sick and unhealthy
  13. @AnnabelJaylin: I’ll pray for all of you who are in need because of sleep apnea. I finally feel strong, relaxed, and free from sleep apnea and loud snoring, thank you Sleephushherb for healing my sleep apnea and snoring problem.
  14. @JohnDoe-gv9jv: I have severe sleep apnea. I am very overweight. I had sleep apnea when I was not overweight, so for me, it only got worse. Now I have AFib and had to have my heart shocked back into rhythm for the second time in less than one year. I am 66 I have severe varicose veins. I have had numerous vein treatments for the last 4 years, and a very high price, I might add. It took my doctor and my sleep doctor to write maybe 4 or 5 different letters on how I need to try ZBound. Finally, I was approved for it. Then my pharmacy was out of it. I will finally be getting a chance to try it and get help. I will come back and let everyone know if it helps my sleep apnea. Wish me luck.
  15. @DiamondsLight1: This is music to my ears🎉Thanks so much!
  16. @Kimmilloyd888: Not working for 60% and all wow?! Trash!
  17. @Chuck-js8dy: Democrats lost!!
  18. @fender42421: obstructive sleep apnea.... lose weight and get a mouth piece.... treat the root cause not the symptoms !!!!
  19. @outerlands936: f drug addicts

- What Science ACTUALLY Says About Ozempic / Wegovy / Zepbound for Arthritis: Kind: captions Language: en glp1 agonists like OIC capture headlines for their profound impact on weight loss but what if they are also the next big breakthrough treatment in arthritis emerging evidence indicates that these drugs can alleviate joint pain and slow down the progression of arthritis so have we stumbled upon a game-changing treatment that could redefine arthritis management let's delve into the science to find out hey everyone Dr Jeff p here the Cornerstone of arthritis management focuses heavily on lifestyle modifications such as diet and exercise weight loss also plays a major role in slowing the degenerative process and now a new class of medications can amplify these effects glp1 agonists like OIC wovi and monjaro were initially approved for managing type 2 diabetes but recent clinical trials reveal they also have a powerful impact on weight loss they do this by targeting specific regions in the brain that regulate hunger and appetite they also slow the rate of gastric emptying leading to a more gradual release of stomach contents and a longer duration of feeling full together these mechanisms not only enhance feelings of satiety but also promote a calorie deficit which ultimately leads to weight loss this study found that glp1 Agonist a minister once a week led to almost 30 lbs of weight loss over the course of 12 to 15 months this amount of weight loss brings Comprehensive Health benefits ranging from improved cardiovascular health and lower blood pressure enhance insulin sensitivity and better glucose control improvements to the GI system and overall positive impacts on self-esteem depression anxiety sleep and cognitive function all of this weight loss is also tremendously beneficial for the muscular skeletal system as well as arthritis sufferers this study found that weight loss induced by glp1 Agonist led to improved pain and functional scores reduced Reliance on pain medications and less frequent need for cortisone injections in people with knee arthritis even more encouraging MRI scans revealed slower progression of arthritis and a reduced likelihood of requiring surgical interventions best of all long-term followup showed that these improvements were not temporary but sustained over time now it's important to keep our excitement in check as we also need to discuss the potential downsides of gop1 Agonist first The observed benefits to arthritis need to be validated by larger more diverse clinical trials and let's not forget gop1 Agonist come with its share of potential drawbacks such as cost and side effects and there are two big concerns that I want to highlight number one keep in mind that gp1 agonists function by creating a calorie deficit essentially putting your body in a state resembling starvation in this state your body primarily turns to fat as an alternative energy source however fat alone cannot provide all the essential nutrients which is why the body also needs to break down muscle and while typical weight loss from a calorie deficit leads to approximately 20 to 25% muscle loss some studies such as this one suggest that glp1 Agonist result in up to 50% muscle loss so the concern here is that okay you've lost 30 lbs of weight but it turns out your body composition is actually worse than what it was before because you've lost more muscle mass relative to Fat this becomes even more important for people who are dealing with conditions such as arthritis tontis and tonopa or problems related to muscles and Bones our muscles play a key key role in keeping our joints stable and supported muscle loss and muscle weakness often lead to worse pain and the reality is as we age one of the greatest Health threats is losing muscle mass this is a key contributor to conditions like sarcopenia and loss of functional Independence in older adults muscle loss increases the likelihood of Falls in serious injuries such as hip fractures and to emphasize how important this issue is Research indicates that oneyear mortality rates following a hip fracture in older adults range from 15 to 30% but simply if 10 older adults suffer a hip fracture two or three of them are likely to pass away within 1 year this death rate is significantly higher compared to people of the same age who haven't experienced a hip fracture so you can see how if glp1 agonists are accelerating muscle loss this can potentially be a big problem now the way to counteract this is to make sure everyone on glp1 Agonist are also on a resistance and strengthening program to try to prevent these effects in addition newer types of gop1 Agonist such as tepati or Monaro may not cause the same reductions to lean muscle mass as OIC and wobi okay so that was the first big problem with gop1 Agonist the second big concern is the tendency for rapid weight regain once the medication is discontinued this usually occurs because most people don't make lasting changes to their eating and exercise habits when you take away a medicine that controls your appetite it's easy to start eating more again adding to the complexity eating fewer calories than you're used to can actually slow down your metabolism for example instead of burning say 2,000 calories a day your body might go down to burning only 1,500 or 12200 calories per day if you then go back to your old eating habits with this slower metabolism you're setting yourself up for rapid weight gain and unfortunately this is what we see in many of the clinical trials that are now being published studies such as this one show that glp1 Agonist do indeed help tremendously with weight loss but one year after withdrawal of the medication participants regained over 2third of their prior weight loss with similar changes to cardiometabolic variables the key takeaway is that while glp1 agonists can effectively enhance weight loss and improve health outcomes they shouldn't be considered a standalone solution or a quick fix in addition we still don't know if there are any potential long-term side effects and there's also the possibility of becoming reliant on the medication to maintain weight loss the people who have been most successful with glp1 agonists don't just count on the medication for weight loss they incorporate it into a comprehensive plan that includes changes in diet controlling portion sizes and integrating a balanced exercise routine with both cardio and strength training exercises the ultimate aim is to establish long-term habits so you can wean off of the medication and still keep a stable weight whether we ultimately use glp1 Agonist for the treatment of arthritis is going to depend a lot on how the medication affects muscle mass but the preliminary data seems very promising and if we can combine the effects of weight loss with a strength training regimen a lot of people with arthritis are going to see tremendous benefits to their pain and symptoms now I mentioned earlier that diet plays a critical role in joint pain some foods can actually fuel inflammation throughout your body and worsen your pain check out this next video where I'll break down which foods to avoid and offer better choices to help relieve your arthritis this pain

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nicktoons216 [17 likes]: I was trying to wean myself off Ozempic, but my Arthritis flared back up like crazy. I could barely walk again after being off the shot for two wks. Took a shot on Saturday. Pain and inflammation is almost gone by day two. The weight loss is great, but the pain management is awesome 👌
  2. @sarahfoster5648 [9 likes]: I’ve had terrible back pain for 10 years.  Tried everything. Since starting mounjaro for weight loss, the pain has gone!!! It’s a miracle.  I can bend down again!
  3. @NinJa_aime [8 likes]: Im on my second week of Wegovey and quitting sugar. Im 45 and my arthritis in the last couple years have been awful. All of the sudden it's barely noticeable. I hope this isn't just a fluke because I feel amazing!    I do exercise daily and make sure to get in my protein.
  4. @srujanmims [5 likes]: I am a doctor in India. I am 37, overweight and developed AVN of both my hips post Covid. I stared Rybelsus to loose weight as Ozempic / Wegovy are not available here. 10 days into starting Rybelsus, even though I have lost only 1 kg, my hip pain is 90 % gone! Surprising!!!
  5. @Corywick [4 likes]: Gosh I hope this is true.....my arthritis is awful
  6. @lizbrand9085 [2 likes]: I was scheduled for knee replacement on my left knee (already had the right one replaced). 1 week after starting semaglutide my knee pain is was nearly gone. I have been on it for almost a year and recently had another set if X-rays and the space between my knee joint has increased. I am no longer bone on bone. I wish someone could explain that?
  7. @LivingLaVidaExpat [2 likes]: It is really surprising to me that a qualified person makes a video like this, and does not seem to have any knowledge at all about the research into the antiinflammatory effects of GLP-1 agonists. Pain relief is not due only to the weight loss, it is also due to the anti-inflammatory effects, which is why it happens so quickly with some people.
  8. @lufknuht [2 likes]: Can the loss of muscle mass be prevented by taking amino acids?  Is the loss of muscle mass caused by the patient lowering his protein intake?
  9. @conwellboccia1004 [2 likes]: I have severe RT ankle pain x 8 years which was greatly improved with oral semaglutide purchased online without a prescription (a dry, 5 mg/vial powder with neither reconstitution nor dosage instructions). My numerous physicians have turned a deaf ear to my pleas for a brief trial of prescription semaglutide (Rybelsus, Ozempic, Wegovy) which is available with small copays for me.
  10. @cynthiabyrd9172 [2 likes]: This is a lie I have osteoarthritis and Olympic seem to make it worse I've been on zip code for over 2 years
  11. @TechWeLove [1 likes]: Just need to make sure protein is the 1st priority, when tracking your calories on a phone app. And weight lift.
  12. @janross7602 [1 likes]: My experience is completely different, i wish it wasn't. I started on 2.5mg of Mounjaro mainly for weight loss (i needed to lose around 3 stone) but also the antiinflammatory effect as I have Rheumatoid arthritis. when I was prescribed the higher dose 5mg i developed pain in my fingers, wrists elbows and severe pain in my shoulders. I thought it might decrease after a few weeks so I kept going, but it didn't and I have now stopped taking it and all the pain is gone. I am not sure why this happened but I am going to try  Wegovy. I really hope that gives me the promised antiinflammatory effects.
  13. @gretchenneb5621babydolls [1 likes]: My joints feel like well oiled machines. My joints move smoothy, better range of motion, no more cracking.
  14. @SHUB281 [1 likes]: Naw. I've lost 60lbs while on GLP'S. My knees still hurt
  15. @leahd4878 [1 likes]: My body hurts much more on  my semiglutide
  16. @andresgonzalez-cd2pz: I’ve struggled with knee pain for years and couldn’t walk more than 1 km without feeling discomfort. I started taking tirzepatide for weight loss two weeks ago, and surprisingly, the pain is gone. At first, I thought my body was somehow healing on its own, which didn’t make sense since I’d had this issue for years without improvement. I’m really glad I came across this video because now I finally understand why it happened.
  17. @YwndrickaN1: Dena, 1st week Zepbound had a rash behind both ears and felt like ants were on me but it was not that bad. I almost fell getting back into the bed as my leg gave way.  2nd week My right knee is very weak and gave way twice (arthritic knee), with a stinging sensation all over my body. 3rd week. Very sleepy, can't get out the bed for hours in the middle of the day and nothing can touch my body, the tags of my clothes feel like pins and needles. The stinging is still there but intensified. Now I'm washing my sheets everyday, thinking this feeling is bed bugs but nothing at all is seen by my eyes. My back is cracking when I move my shoulder forward. I am getting cramps in my back can barely move my left shoulder when it happens. I haven't had a fibro flare up in years so I am shocked with the skin pain and other side effects. I am wondering if I should take Zyrtec/Benadryl because Gabapentin cause me to gain weight in the first place. My knee has never given way before in my life. The only good thing I am experiencing is that there is almost no pain when I walk on the bottom of my feet, which was caused by breast cancer treatments.
  18. @Bromans814: I was having severe knee flare ups and swelling prior to starting on tirzepatide. I knew i needed to lose weight which is why i started on Tirz. In Just 4 weeks im down 26 pounds and my knee feels better than it has in a long time.
  19. @debbiematteo7046: Side effects ?
  20. @debbiematteo7046: I would never take that crap ... cut carbs

- Zepbound Dosing: The Ultimate Step-By-Step Guide For Sustainable Weight Loss.: Kind: captions Language: en if you've recently been prescribed Zep bound you may be wondering about dozing and what lies ahead on your new treatment Journey what's the highest doze you'll reach how often it will be increased what happens if you miss a dose and what do expect along the way oh for £50 lb gone well that sounds unreal right that's exactly what Zep bound the new weight loss drug everyone's talking about promises the Blockbuster weight loss drug Zep bound pharmaceutical giant Eli Lily is now releasing individual vials of some doses in an effort they say to improve access to millions of Americans who need the medication what dose is best this is a bit of a trick question since there's no specific answer it's different for everyone patient information implication and adherence are essential parts of an effective weight loss plan so while they must be tailored by a doctor let's delve together into the specifics of Zep bound dozing schedules adjustments and essential considerations as you embark on the path toward a healthier life what is z bound dosage let's begin by reminding you that Z bound is a potent prescription medication exclusively indicated for adults grappling with weight issues over the long term it's not designed for superficial or aesthetic weight loss goals it's for people whose weight poses significant health risks and requires medical intervention thus two main categories are considered adults with a body mass index of 30 kg per square meter or higher marking obesity are prime candidates for Zep bound adults with a BMI of 27 kg per square meter or higher coupled with weight related Health complications such as hypertension type 2 diabetes or dyslipidemia are also eligible for Zep bound eligibility for Zep bound should be determined on a caseby casee basis and by a qualified health care professional the weight loss medication should be used under continuous medical supervision to monitor its Effectiveness and manage any potential side effects different strengths available Zep bound is administered through weekly subcutaneous injections it comes in pre-filled single dose injection pens that are easy to use the pens come in six different strengths of tepati the active drug 2.5 mg 5 mg 7.5 mg 10 mg 12.5 mg 15 mg the treatment begins with a low starting dose followed by a gradually increased maintenance dose your doctor will decide what maintenance dosage is best for you the importance of proper dosage we cannot overstate the importance of adhering to your prescribed Zep bound dosage to zepeti the active ingredient in your pens is meticulously dozed to ensure optimal outcomes in the complex realm of weight management adhering to the correct dosage as prescribed by your doctor is crucial and helps ensuring safety deviating from the recommended dosage May heighten the risk of adverse effects or compromise your treatment outcomes enhancing efficiency by adhering to the prescribed regimen you maximize the medication's potential for weight loss and optimize your treatment's efficacy limiting side effects maintaining the appropriate dosage reduces the likelihood of side effects and discomforts commonly associated with Zep bound individual factors influencing Zep bound dosing like with any medication Zep bound dose must be tailored to every individual and depends on several key factors including weight management goals the severity of obesity or overweight along with the desired weight goals influences the choice of Zep bound dosage people with a higher BMI or more serious weight related health issues may require higher maintenance doses concomitant medications other medications May interact with Zep bound and affect its efficacy or safety profile your doctor will consider potential interaction when determining the appropriate dosage for you overall health status must also be considered tolerability and side effects your tolerance to Zep bound and the presence of any adverse side effects will be considered to adjust or modify your maintenance dose response to treatment everyone May respond differently to Zep bound depending on their metabolic rate underlying health conditions and genetic predisposition dosage adjustments may be necessary keeping open communication and regular check-ins with your doctor is vital while on Zep bound it helps both of you assess how well the treatment is working and make any necessary adjustments to your dosage over time to ensure your weight loss treatment remains effective and safe for you Zep bound dozing schedule before we delve into the typical Zep bound dozing chart as established by Eli Lily the manufacturer of the medication it's crucial to understand that these are General guidelines and they may not always apply to you remember your dozing schedule must be tailored to your personal needs and what works for one person may not be good for you only your healthcare provider can determine the appropriate dosage based on your medical history current health status weight loss goals and treatment response embarking on your Z bound weight loss Journey typically begins with a cautious starting dose of 2.5 mg once a week this gradual start allows your body to adjust to the medication while minimizing the chance of side effects after the initial 4 weeks Zep bound dosage is typically increased to 5 mg once a week this step-by-step approach allows for careful monitoring of your response to the medication your healthcare provider may continue to increase the dosage in 2.5 mgram increments every 4 weeks or decide to go a step back to a lower dose depending on your needs and tolerability level the maximum recommended dose of Zep bound is 15 mg a week but note that not everyone will reach that maximum dose Z bound is meant to be a long-term weight loss treatment and results are best obtained and maintained with consistency rather than quantity and don't forget that a healthy diet and lifestyle changes are key to your treatment's efficacy too what happens if you miss a dose missing a weekly injection can happen to anyone Zep bound is a long-term weight loss treatment so chances you forget a dose at some point are high in case you missed your weekly dose of Zep bound here's what to do if it's been less than 4 days since you missed dose administer it as soon as you recall after this proceed with your established weekly injection routine if over 4 days have passed it's best to hold off until your next scheduled injection remember it's important to maintain a minimum gap of 3 days between two Zep bound injections is Zep bound safe for long-term use Z bound is intended for long-term use as part of a comprehensive weight management plan clinical Studies have shown that Z bound can help people achieve significant weight loss over an extended period with continued treat M don't forget to monitor your progress and consult with your healthcare provider regularly adjusting Z bound Doses and managing side effects getting Zep bound is an exciting step towards your weight goals but it's essential to approach it with patience and awareness progress takes time and slow and steady wins the race as with any medication your body needs time to adapt starting with a low dose and gradually increasing in small increments helps minimize the risk of side effects it's not not uncommon for patients to experience gastrointestinal issues like nausea stomach discomfort belching diarrhea constipation or heartburn especially at the initial phase of the treatment not everyone will encounter them but these side effects are generally no cause for concern besides they usually diminish and disappear over time as your body adjusts to Zep bound however talk to your doctor if they persist or worsen you may need to lower the dose or adjust your treatment meanwhile here are some tips to help you manage Z side effects as you adjust to the dosage stay hydrated drinking plenty of water generally helps alleviate gastrointestinal discomfort and prevent dehydration especially if you have nausea vomiting or diarrhea eat smaller more frequent meals rather than large ones it can help ease digestive issues and reduce the likelihood of nausea or stomach upset avoid greasy spicy foods and carbonated drinks while on Zep bound pay attention to what you eat and monitor how it makes you feel take it slow give your body time to adjust to Zep bound especially during the initial weeks of your treatment if needed consider lowering your dosage under your doctor's guidance communicate with your doctor always keep your doctor in the loop about any side effects even if they seem minor they can provide further guidance on managing side effects and adjust your dosage accordingly so tell us are you taking Zep bound what's your dosage do you find it hard to adjust to the medication don't hesitate to share your stories and questions below in the comment section here we've reached the end of this video we hope that you liked it and learned a lot from it thank you for watching we will see you in the next video stay cool and Limitless [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @allentz4766 [22 likes]: I'm a 72 year old male with a love of food.  But I had to do something or not be around. So with the help of my Dr. I began my weight loss journey.  I started on compound Semaglutide Nov 24, 2024 & moved thru the doses from .25, .5, 1.0 over the course of 4 months & lost 33 lbs. Started Zepbound 2.5 in March '25 & have moved thru doses 2.5, 5.0, 7.5 losing an additional 41 lbs over the next 7 months for total of 74 lbs lost so far.  Moving to 10  Zep...next week. Blessed to have 0 side effects. My weight loss has been slow & steady w/avg about 1.5 lbs per week. BMI has gone from 47.7 to 37.7.  I've gone from needing a handicap sticker for my car to walking 2-3 miles everyday.  GLP 1's have saved my life. It's not cheating...it's a tool to help you....but you still have to do the work....watch what you eat & exercise.  My goal is about 50 lbs away & I will make it!!
  2. @Goldie1800 [13 likes]: Two weeks ago start taking number  5.  no side effects.
  3. @4allfamily [6 likes]: Hey everyone, we hope you find this video helpful! If you have any questions or want to share a personal experience regarding this topic, please do not hesitate to leave a comment. We would love to help you out to assist you with any questions you might have, and moreover, you can help someone who is on this journey learn from your past experiences. Have a blessed day!👋
  4. @cinnamin77abbachild15 [6 likes]: I started Zepbound 1 month ago 2.5 mgs  next week I will start the 5mgs  I like it and looking forward to start the 5mg dosage .
  5. @brendab91 [5 likes]: Love Zepbound.
  6. @ncyankee89 [3 likes]: I’m a day away from starting my 5.0 pens. Done well with the 2.5. First night was a bit rough. Had a stomach ache and a bit nauseous. Took an anti acid. Got straightened out in about 30 minutes. Been no problem since. It sure sliced into my appetite just hours in to my first shot. Will see how the next round of 5.0 shots go!
  7. @DRManhattan-b7i [2 likes]: Tomorrow will be the end of my first 8 weeks on Zepbound. So far I have lost 48lbs.  Going to stick to 5mg for at least another 30-60 days before moving up in dosage. 

It’s a great medication and not a cheat code. Would highly recommend to anyone for extended life improvements. 

Start: 294lbs
Current: 246lbs
Goal:190-200lbs

Weight has been dropping much slower than when I started but exercise and Keto helping progress. 

So glad to have started this journey.
  8. @irandude1655 [2 likes]: If you haven been prescribed this medicine, you should not worry about the dosing, you should not play doctor .
  9. @evelynjones3263 [2 likes]: Hello❤
  10. @JolieManon [1 likes]: For me i am on 7.5 and the strange thing is that since i started this does i have zero side effects but. They all disappered but i am also more hungry on this dose. So at teh end of the month i am moving up.
  11. @lalopez627 [1 likes]: I started today 2.5 dose I have felt a little of the side effects but nothing major.  I still have the food noise but not giving into it.  Keeping it healthy foods with fiber lots of  water. Intermittent fasting. I want the food noise gone.  I only have 35 lbs to lose not sure if that is why.   Help. Should I request a higher dose? Or wait it out?  I want to be repulsed by food, and that’s not the case. Thanks for any input.
  12. @ivoryhaywood [1 likes]: Just got my first month of medication.  Excited and nervous to start the journey.  Praying that the side effects are minimal and that this shut downs all the food noises.
  13. @ShirazAS [1 likes]: I’m on the max which is 15mg but and I’ve lost allot of weight but the side effects are killing me I want to come off of it do to other health concerns
  14. @Anthony-e2s7 [1 likes]: I took 25mg last week.
  15. @ShannonMccormick-blackburn [1 likes]: Why should you not drink carbonated beverages?  Does it negatively affect the food noise or appetite suppression?  I love my soda stream H2O.
  16. @genestone4951: Wow complete waste of time. Title of the video has nothing to do with the content.
  17. @sonyasmith4447: I’m on the 5mg with a weight loss app thru the medical insurance and I lost 5 lbs then gained 4 of the 5 lbs (per my scale) I don’t get it, I changed my diet and incorporated exercise (indoor bike, dance videos etc for about 1.5 hr per day) I hope I’m not the exception to the Zepbound success.
  18. @trainspov: I started 2 months ago and my doctor only has me on the .5 mg shot and I haven't noticed any weight loss is other people experience  this as well I have three refills so I don't know if she wants me on it for 3 months the 5 but I see her in a month and I honestly want to try the 15
  19. @whatever1973-m0m: Love this
  20. @Avysaurus: 7:05 - @Countessofshopping in case you care

- Revolutionary Approach to Weight Loss -  Zepbound (tirzepatide)  Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Zep bound is a new weight management medication used during obesity to promote weight loss it mimics hormones naturally produced in our intestines which decrease appetite additionally it slows gastric emptying making a person feel Fuller for longer consequently this reduces the urge to eat and Cravings Zep bound is significant because it has demonstrated High Effectiveness in meta analyzes people taking Zep bound experience and average body weight reduction of 22% which is considered a very high rate of weight loss it is a newly FDA approved drug and is the first dual incretin Agonist meaning it resembles or mimics the body's natural hormones and enhances their action this drug is administered as a weekly injection now let's discuss how it works in the body and its main limitations Zep bound tepati mimics two incretin hormones which are released in our gut in response to food intake specifically Zep bound resembles glucagon like peptid 1 glp1 and glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide Gip this means Z bound binds to the natural hormone receptors and activates them its first action is to stimulate insulin secretion both hormones induce insulin secretion from the pancreas thus Zep bound prompts the pancreas to release insulin in response to glucose presence in the blood regarding appetite and food intake glp the one slows down gastric emptying leading to prolonged satiety and a reduction in overall calorie intake in terms of lipolysis both Gip and glp the one stimulate the breakdown of fats in the liver and muscles meaning the body uses them for energy thus accelerating weight loss this process also increases energy expenditure or metabolic rate causing more calories to be burned furthermore these hormones inhibit glucagen secretion meaning the liver releases less glucose into the bloodstream resulting in fewer blood sugar spikes this is because glucagen stimulates glucose production from glycogen by the liver additionally glp one increases the production of glucose transporter proteins facilitating glucose uptake by cells the primary indication for Zep bound is obesity specifically when the body mass index BMI is more than 40 it is also indicated for those with a BMI of 35 or higher accompanied by comorbidities such as diabetes hypertension and cardiovascular diseases as well as for individuals with type 2 diabetes the most significant limitation of the drug is its cost as it is expensive there is also limited data on its it long-term safety being a new drug there isn't sufficient information regarding its long-term effects in various cases the main side effects of Zep bound include abdominal discomfort diarrhea or constipation and sometimes noria although these side effects are temporary and usually Mild they are noteworthy Zep bound is contraindicated in cases of a history of pancreatis or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome at a can stimulate pancreatic enzymes and potentially exacerbate inflammation it may also promote the growth of tumors which is why it is contraindicated in these situations it is important to note however that there is no evidence suggesting that Zep bound increases the risk of any cancer but as previously mentioned the long-term results are not yet known due to the drugs novelty

  Top Comments:
  1. @jennifermandaya199 [30 likes]: May sister taking this shots every week.. for almost 3months only, Now she stop using bcoz she already thin. From 94-53kg
  2. @mzjen714 [27 likes]: Best video I've found explaining how this medication actually works!  Thank you!  I started last Tues and I'm down 6lbs. I've tried diets, gastric sleeve and could never keep the weight down.
  3. @harjharj77 [8 likes]: It works!
  4. @EnzoBlk_91 [7 likes]: Today’s the first step 🎉
  5. @DEEJAYKLONE [5 likes]: I’m down 22lbs I’m on week 5 today
  6. @kimberlydorsey1435 [4 likes]: On week 2
  7. @Sunny-sc6pf [4 likes]: Can you take this while taking metformin?
  8. @brendaholiday [3 likes]: Please don’t use AI voices. You can very affordably hire an actor. I do medical voiceover all the time. It’s so much easier to listen to a human.
  9. @groovyray [3 likes]: Is it ok to have protein shakes like slimfast with this drug?
  10. @JustHere4Evil [2 likes]: I started my medication in May and I've already lost 100lbs.
  11. @TinaRayMusic [2 likes]: I’m on week 2 and lost 5 pounds so far
  12. @nancy-binspired [1 likes]: Seems like everyone thinks they're a doctor here and they have the answers for complete strangers.  If people can't offer helpful advice to those asking the question, your momma should've taught you not to say anything.
Some people have no idea what they're talking about unless they've walked in the same shoes themselves.  ✌️
  13. @Calventius [1 likes]: Best most succinct briefing. Most of the females drone on.
  14. @boujimobbin9530: Been on it 4 months and have lost 45 lbs ! If you are on it take your protein daily & workout so you don’t lose muscle !
  15. @Dan-j2h1o: How bout a flyin BFD ?
  16. @Vywu: Now create informative video on how to maintain/gain muscles while on such a drug like this
  17. @ms.rickie: Just so you know, I applied through my Dr and my insurance and got turned down and my cost would be $1300 for one month.
  18. @johnnyzhivago3933: Your electronic voice sucks. Couldn't even listen all the way through. I'd rather be fat than hear this.
  19. @ericas8913: Y’all please just stop being lazy and work tf out!! This is not natural.. and you’ll never have the body you want with pills… You HAVE to work out. And before you said “you tried” you ain’t doing it intensively enough if you don’t have results!
  20. @texastaurus9271: i have insulin resistance and have brought my insulin levels down from 64 to 28. will this drug spike my levels?

- Let's talk about Zepbound (Tirzepatide) - The newest FDA Approved GLP1 and GIP and Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en

  Top Comments:
  1. @Homewithellieb [88 likes]: This is the best video I have seen yet.  Dr. Covington do you feel this is a good fit for women who are in peri-menopause and/or for patients looking to lose less than 40 pounds?
  2. @Reclaimer77 [2 likes]: Literally just took my first Zep shot an hour ago. Your video helped guide me through it. Thank you! I went with the stomach and I didn't feel a damn thing! 

Was just diagnosed with severe sleep apnea and my Dr said if I lost about 40-50 pounds the snoring would most likely stop. Fingers crossed! I'm shocked my insurance covered Zep...
  3. @nightnurse49 [1 likes]: Are these safe for men as well?
  4. @nikc1520 [1 likes]: Digestive enzymes are extremely helpful for digestion in general, especially when on these medication‘s ,that should be something that is told to people as well because then they don’t have to worry about what they eat as much. Their body can digest it a lot easier and they also get more nutrients out of it
  5. @tippytoestwo: Excellent explanation!
  6. @TristanNGL: you said “ummm” about 6 thousand times in this video.
  7. @mgscindy: Solo diré que al mes empezó a subirme la presión arterial casi muero. No baje nada en dos meses de tomarlo. No es para todos igual
  8. @johnshell2480: I messed up! I had a memory lapse and injected my dose in my finger! My brother was over and had me lose my focus. It’s the 15 mg dose and I’m an idiot.  Will it work as well as my regular sites or no?
  9. @SamoneNutallTheOnly1: Thank u for this video I just started today...and I am excited about the changes about to come goal weight 180-175...right now 294.
  10. @markthompson7508: Thank you! Your information sharing is very, very helpful. I am a Sleep Apnea and Type 2 Diabetes person. And this has helped me a great deal..!
  11. @CassieMarie33: Good afternoon, Dr. Melody Covington (By the way, that’s my daughter’s name is Melody, too.). How do you feel this would work for patients that have Hashimoto’s and take 50mcg Synthroid/Levothyroxine? I am 5ft, 34 years old, and my weight keeps going up and up, no matter what I do. I am currently 162 and I used to be 125. My weight started going up a little too fast.
  12. @karmasmurf7238: Thank you Queen!!!! Clear, simple, and understandable ❤❤❤❤❤🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾💪🏾💪🏾👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽
  13. @ub4740: This was a great video and great information now if they can just make the vials of zepbound more affordable that would be awesome
  14. @dianehoskins8722: The video title says Zepbound is same as Tirzeparide.  You mention in the video it is the same as Monjaro.  Can you explain which one it is?  TY!
  15. @LonnieP54: what is it, ? how safe is it? is it only for the rich.
  16. @paulpeck1973: If I'm on zepbound what should my calories intake should be?
  17. @amandap5462: isn’t zapbound approved for sleep apnea with obesity?
  18. @denisebradshaw-q2q: Thank you, you made the medication 
and process less scary.
  19. @enduring5061: Great overview. Thanks!
  20. @aar0n709: We have the same last name and my family is from NC. I hope your well even though we probably aren’t related 😂🤷🏾‍♂️❤️

- Lilly will offer higher doses of Zepbound on its website | REUTERS: Kind: captions Language: en Eli Lily said Monday it will ship the two highest doses of its popular weight loss drug Zepbound to cash paying customers on its website starting early August. That will make doses up to 15 milligrams available in single dose vials online for $499 per month or less regardless of insurance status. Lily and rival Novo Nordisks started offering vials at discounted prices on their respective websites to expand access and stave off competition from compounded versions or cheaper copies of their weight loss drugs. The Lily Direct website was launched last year to help patients directly order some drugs. In February, it reduced the price of Zepbound vials and expanded the range of doses for patients who choose to pay cash through the website. In May, CBS Health said it had decided to drop Zepbound from some lists of medicines it covers for reimbursement from July 1st, but would keep reimbursing for Novo Nordisk Buovi after negotiating a more favorable price from the Danish drug maker. Both Lily and Novo have been competing in the potential 150 billion dollar obesity drug market, but recent prescription data shared by analysts indicates Lily has taken the lead, overtaking no vote despite its initial first mover advantage.

- Eil Lilly announces Zepbound to be sold directly to consumers: Kind: captions Language: en now with our cover story and a GMA exclusive a big announcement from Eli Lily this morning their popular obesity drug Zep bound will now be available for purchase on their direct to Consumer platform the company hoping to curb fakes on the black market and make the medication more affordable I sat down with the Eli ly CEO Dave Ricks this morning pharmaceutical giant Eli Lily unveiling a new version of its weight loss medication Zep bound to sell directly to Consumers it's an exciting day for people who have been looking looking for a way to access and afford our weight loss medications upbound now they can go to Lily direct and with a prescription from their doctor and a phone uh access the drug in a vile form in an exclusive interview CEO Dave Ricks saying this plan will make the drug more available and affordable allowing people to purchase it without insurance we're working to build more Supply but in the meantime we can now release these vile forms that are uh of both our 2 and a half and 5 milligram dose that are going to be more available and at a lower price about half the price of our auto injector form and those of of the competitor products this is launching at 3.49 for the low dose and uh 549 for the high dose and uh that's a significant discount is that enough you mean for like a monthly amount for a monthly amount I mean that's still a lot of money people still would be paying a lot I mean that's like a car payment for some people uh can you explain why the cost is still so high well we're of course researching and developing uh medications we invented this product that's an expensive undertaking we're studying it in over 30 different conditions to prove not only do you lose weight which we've proven but that benefits your health long term that's incredibly expensive as well the key point is that the other medications of the class cost about $1,000 a month and here we're bringing that down by about half I think that's a big big Advance Rick's explaining how the vials work show us the difference so that people can understand so this is our auto injector which is the normal zound people may use today the complexity of manufacturing is very high and so this is one of the constraints as to why we couldn't make more and sometimes we've had some shortages uh we're introducing the vial which is uh comes in a box like this but will look like this it's a very small vial and it will ship with a needle if you need that and people will self draw it up and self- inject the medicine will work identically but the injection experience has a few more steps as the drug grows in popularity questions still remain about the costs The Limited Supply and exactly who should be taking these medicines this drug was approved for people with type two diabetes but we know that some folks are out there trying to use it to lose a few pounds it's like a running joke in Hollywood do you have any concern that making it more accessible then creates the situation where you have more people getting to the drug who are using it in the wrong way we do have that concern and we've been pretty vocal about that that the that mararo is the diabetes drug Zep bound what we're talking about today is the weight loss or obesity drug it's for people with the medical conition of excess body weight or obesity not for people who don't have such a condition and especially in a time of a shortage where we're struggling to keep up with demand it's especially important that we Channel these medicines to those who need them most and here today again we're offering it in a new channel that lowers the price and and hopefully can allow people who need it to access it now this new version of Zep Bound in the vials is available starting today Eli is one of several companies also working on a pill form of the drug which of course would cut cost dramatically even more in the future but as with all medications there could be a number of side effects and still a lot we don't know about the long-term use so for those who are considering this you have to make sure guys that you talk to your doctor right still a lot of questions out there but 50% down I mean that's that's huge absolutely especially since a lot of insurance companies won't cover it so it is a medication that people really do need and this is another way that they can access but that vile will change things in terms getting the medication into you absolutely

  Top Comments:
  1. @AvaLynn85 [9 likes]: My bmi is 41 and my insurance still wouldn't pay for it
  2. @Dutchy2453 [4 likes]: It's a life changer for a lot of people. It should be covered by insurance.
  3. @danielkelly2210 [3 likes]: How about a price drop instead? The rest of the world pays far less for the same.
  4. @RiseAquaSunScorpVenusLib [1 likes]: So I am 39 years old I have Hashimoto's which is a more chronic form of hypothyroidism and I was skeptical about taking it and I started doing microdosing with the Tirzepatide and since then and today is not quite October 1st I have lost a total of 57 lbs I fluctuate 2 to 3 lbs usually during the day but having Hashimoto's which is a autoimmune disorder it causes inflammation and it's taken my inflammation down big time I feel lighter I feel happier the only issue is it threw me into the spectrum of hyperthyroidism because of the amount of thyroid medication I am also taking so my doctor has to readjust my thyroid meds we have been watching me closely and I get a thyroid ultrasound once a year to make sure everything's okay and there's no nodules no cancerous masses nothing and might I add that thyroid cancer does not run in my family but again I am so happy that Eli Lilly made that medication to help with weight loss because I had been trying everything I did Phentermine and the HCG shots for weight loss which that really did work years ago and I had lost a lot of weight with that but it didn't control my hunger where is the tears of peptide did control my Hunger oh and the symptoms that I had at first if my dosage was too high I would have nausea some vomiting and some diarrhea so I adjusted my dose where I would do half doses or micro Doses and I still lost the weight I also understand that there's another drug that is in clinicals right now that is stronger than tirzepatide....
  5. @ginas9317 [1 likes]: Eli wanted to charge me $1600 for 1 month, no way!
  6. @KV-cb8rw [1 likes]: Novo Nordisk's Wegovy® cuts risk of heart attack, stroke or death by 57% compared to tirzepatide in real-world study of people with obesity and cardiovascular disease
  7. @forgetthis2607 [1 likes]: 350 a month for the vial! doesn't need to got through insurance
  8. @biggerthanobesity [1 likes]: Sadly, this beneficial medicine will still be out of reach for many who would benefit from it.
AI overview: Obesity is not solely a disease of the poor or rich, but it is more prevalent among those with lower incomes and who experience food insecurity. While anyone can be obese, obesity is strongly linked to poverty, low income, and a lack of food security in the United States. 
Here's a more detailed look: Poverty and Obesity: Studies show a correlation between poverty and obesity rates, particularly in the United States. 
Income and Obesity: Lower income levels are often associated with higher rates of obesity, especially among women. 
Food Insecurity: Food insecurity, often linked to poverty, can contribute to obesity by leading to consumption of cheaper, less nutritious foods. 
Global Trends: While obesity was once considered a problem of wealthy nations, it's now a global issue with increasing rates in developing countries. 
Socioeconomic Factors: Obesity is also influenced by factors beyond income, such as education, race, and ethnicity, with disparities existing between different groups. 
Reverse Causality: Some research also suggests that obesity may lead to reduced income, creating a cycle of health and economic hardship. 
In summary, while anyone can be obese, the condition is more prevalent among those with lower socioeconomic status and those experiencing food insecurity. 
Note: This information is based on the search results provided. It's always recommended to consult with a healthcare professional for personalized advice and information.
  9. @Concepcion30 [1 likes]: People still need a prescription according to this. I don’t think they were turning to the fakes for the cost alone, but also lack of a valid doctor’s prescription. 

My question is with insurance is the weight loss only version the same as the diabetes version?
  10. @mad-dog_gamer [1 likes]: I called Eli Lilly just last week. They do provide the 7.5mg does and the 10 doors now, but my doctor wants me on 15mg, it goes up 2.5mg mgvevery month until I hit 15mg. The company does not make 12.5mg or 15mg available at this time. I asked the representative on the phone if they had plans of going to the to the dosage size 15mg. The representative I talked to said if you keep buying from them they'll knock $50 off each month, making it only $499, as long as you buy from them within 90 days of your last prescription. But it does take a little while to get it you have to have your doctor send them the prescription then in a couple days they'll send you an email you send them the payment and then it'll be 5 to 7 days before you can receive the medicine. The guy I talked to said it'll be about 9 days I asked him with weekends would not be closer to 2 weeks and he said, yes. My local pharmacy needs a day's notice. Which is quite a difference, and there is a bit of a difference in the injection, for the way that people take it. The pain you just clean the area with alcohol put the flared into the pan against your pinched skin and then push the button on top hold for 10 seconds and then you're done. With the syringe you have to draw up the medicine into the syringe and then turn the syringe around and stab yourself with it. Which to some people would feel more intimidating. Now it's not the pen that makes it cost more, the guy wasn't being completely truthful, I mean the drug store has to make some money. The Walgreens company has to get a piece it's it's just like your local grocery store, or Walmart they charge you about twice what they pay for the product that's pretty standard. So something they paid $5 for they're going to charge you $10. This is done so they can pay for their stores upkeep and their employees as well as have their own profit. And that's how business works.
  11. @margaretcaudle6286 [1 likes]: This guy is a Vile pig for charging so much for people who have a weight problem if I were an Alcoholic or Drug addict I could get medication almost free. People have no compassion for fat people.
  12. @jdkillian1965 [1 likes]: I inject myself. I pay $554 mo for 5mg/.5ml. 
Its been approved for sleep apnea now. Im waiting to hear back on ins coverage for my sleep apnea.
  13. @Mariachigirl91 [1 likes]: I wish they made this in pill form already. I really need this.
  14. @jamietodd1675 [1 likes]: This was the original insulin valve back in the 80s then at some point maybe the late 90s they switched packaging!
  15. @DanK123 [1 likes]: The smiley CEO of Eli is a well practiced liar. Given a platform to lie so easily. These substances are amazing and life changing, yet there's no reason for them to be so absurdly priced. IT's algorithm based. Highest amount people would pay and yet maximize uptake and profits. Much more than 550 and that would stop people from getting it. Less than they're "throwing away money" or having to produce too much product for a lesser profit.

The ridiculous thing here is this direct/vial thing isn't more affordable at all. It's exactly the same cost as the COUPON PRICE. All lies. Nothing is helping make this more affordable. And less people want to inject themselves with a syringe. The pen is very easy and often entirely painless. Then the personalities talking about this don't understand it either. Talk to your doctor? OF COURSE YOU'LL TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR....YOU NEED A PRESCRIPTION! Are these people lacking brain cells?
  16. @Kane6676: Big announcement they will directly screw you instead of going thru insurance
  17. @Alicia-rb1sf: Es muy bueno mi doctora me recommend😊
  18. @johnhathaway7319: Let's just say it. This is for OVERWEIGHT people. If you consider all the wasted money on bad ( fast food) a month, this could possibly pay for itself
  19. @Vwapking777: They only drop the price bc folks are compounding it no one pays 1500 only the elite Hollywood etc they acting like they nice and get a free pr plus no pharmacy and still exploiting the American people while they sell same drug in Mexico for 150 tops talk about greed then the insurance won’t cover fat folks they rather pay the heart attack lol it’s a joke
  20. @ursula1231: Good reporting. Thank you to the gentleman who asked all of the right questions and brought up the correct concerns. Zepound is my drug of choice however it is concerning to remain on it in order to keep the weight off. I picked up 15lbs after I stopped taking the injections. It’s a cash cow.

- Zepbound & Food Noise: The Real Science Behind the Silence | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you losing weight isn't just about trying harder? It's about your brain shutting up about them dang nachos. Seriously, that relentless voice that keeps whispering about cupcakes, fries, maybe more cupcakes. That's called food noise. And Zepbound might just be the volume knob that your brain has been missing. And today we're breaking down how this once weekly medication doesn't just help you eat less, it might help you care less about food in the best possible way. And if you're here for real science and not Tik Tok bro Science, then smash that subscribe button and turn on those notifications so you can stay up to date on all the science that actually matters. Now, I want you to imagine having a coworker that never stops talking. Now, imagine they live inside of your brain and all they talk about is donuts. That's food noise. It's not just hunger. It's cravings, reward pathways, food memories, and that really annoying part of your brain that acts like every cupcake is a life or death decision. And I'm here to tell you, if you've ever felt like food is running the show, you're not crazy. Your brain has just been hijacked. And medications like Zepbound are helping people to take the wheel back. Now, as a quick aside, do you feel like you're doing everything right, but that number on the scale just won't budge? I can tell you this isn't a matter of willpower. This is a matter of finding the right strategy that works for you and your body. And today, you can book a private one-on-one consultation with myself where we can cut through the noise, figure out what exactly is holding you back, and start building an actual strategy that works for you and your body. It's only $125 USD, and there are limited spots. So, be sure to sign up today because this might be the clarity that you've been missing. Head down below to the description, hit that link, because you don't have to figure this out all on your own. Now, a recent study published by Martin and Friends actually took a look to see what is happening inside of the brains of people that are taking Zepbound and how does that differ from people that aren't taking Zepbound. And what they did is they rounded up about 114 individuals that had obesity or overweight. And they split them into one of three groups. One group got Zepbound at 10 milligrams once a week. Another group got Saxenda, the once daily injection. And the final group was given a placebo. And the authors didn't just track weight loss, they tracked hunger, cravings, impulsivity, and they did fMRI scans of their brains. Now, what the authors found after 3 weeks is that individuals that were taking Zepbound were consuming calories less than the placebo group. That's like skipping a Big Mac meal every single day without even knowing it. And by six weeks, the individuals on Zepbound lost 7 kilos or about 15 pounds. The people on Saxenda lost about 3.7 kilos and those in the placebo group lost about 0.6 kilos. Now, to get a really good idea of this food noise aspect of things and what role it was playing, the authors used a bunch of validated scales in order to determine what was happening, what were people's cravings, impulsive behaviors, restrictive behaviors, and that sort of thing. what was going on for each individual that parttook in the study. And here's a gist of the results for those that were on Zepbound. The people that were taking Zepbound weren't trying extra hard to lose more weight. They just weren't as hungry. They weren't obsessing over food like everybody else. Their cravings for sweets and fast food decreased dramatically. And they had less impulsivity with food and less of an emotional pull to eat. And so it was clear the zapbound wasn't working just through willpower and helping them in that respect. It was actually making their brain quieter and helping them to change their behaviors around food. Now things got really cool with the fMRI scans. And here you can see how the brain scans show that between baseline and week three, the differences in the areas that light up for those that are in the placebo, the saxenda group, and the zepbound group. And these fMRI scans didn't just show vague brain changes or anything like that. They highlighted significant changes in the areas where food obsession lives. And Zepbound did a really good job of dimming those areas down. And I know most of you aren't going to be brain surgeons. So here's a quick and dirty as to what exactly the authors found. There was a decrease in signal in the orbital frontal cortex. This is kind of like your brain's pleasure calculator. That's going to light up when you see things like fries and cake. Zepbound dial down the noise there so food no longer becomes the headliner. Zepbound also cause things to calm down in the singulate gyrus. This is the I know I shouldn't but I did zone which helps to calm down impulses and helps with less white knuckling past the snack drawer. We also saw signals decrease in the medial prefrontal cortex which is kind of like decision central and zepbound stops making every snack choice become a life or death situation. And the final area that we saw dim down was the hippocampus. Now your hippocampus is kind of like the thermostat of your body. It wants to keep everything in balance and so it doesn't want anything to get too out of hand especially when it comes to us getting too hungry or not having enough nutrients or us losing fat. But our emotional memory with food is also stored here. And zepbound was found to soften or to decrease the signaling that was coming out of there which is going to help us to decrease our hunger and cravings and such like that especially for those nostalgia type foods that we have a lot of good memories around. So really the way you can kind of think about this is your brain's GPS is constantly rerouting you towards cake and then if you were to take Zepbound, Zepbound is kind of like pulling over to the side of the road, deleting the app and saying, "Nah, we're good." Now, before we go and start high-fiving our ovdoral cortex, I do want to point one thing out. This study didn't rescan everybody's brain after Zepbound was stopped. So, we don't know if those brain changes stuck around longterm or after the medication had cleared the system. But what we do know is that when people stop these medications, a vast majority of them get food noise coming back and they ultimately regain a lot of the weight that they lost, if not then some. And so, it's very likely that once the drug is cleared out of the system, your brain simply reverts back to the old patterns that were there before. And why? Well, this isn't permanent neuroplasticity. It's a pharmacological influence. And the rewiring and changes that we see in the brain, well, they only work when the medication is present. You pull the plug and your brain goes right back to its cupcake obsessed ways. Ultimately, we need a lot longer term studies to really determine what is the effects and what can happen to the brain from this perspective long term. But no, for now, it's not a cure. It's just a tool. And it's going to be a tool that works as long as you take it. Now, did you know that keeping your medications at the right temperature while traveling isn't optional? It's essential. And that's because medications like Zepbound and Muggovi are temperature sensitive. If they get too hot or too cold, that is going to fry those medications and they are no longer going to be effective. And that is where the for all family travel coolers comes in. There are two models that I absolutely love. The Voyager is the first one, which can provide continuous refrigeration via USB power or a TSA approved biog. The next model that I love is their Nomad model, which is smaller, sleeker, sexier, but it's great for those weekend trips because it can keep your medications cool for 28 to 30 hours with a TSA approved biogelce pack. And because you're one of my amazing viewers, you can use my code danb10 and get 10% off your order at forallfamily.com. Again, that's danb10@forallfamily.com. The links and everything that you need are all down below in the description. So, be sure to check it out. Get your cooler today so that you can travel with peace of mind and not risk your meds. Now, I want to zoom out real quickly and really highlight that this isn't about just losing weight. It's about finally quieting down that constant battle that's happening inside of your head. And you know, if you've spent your life dieting, binging, or feeling like food is running the show, this isn't a matter of willpower. This is a matter of biology. And for one of the first times, we've got brain scans showing how the brain can calm down and those signals can be lessened, not from guilt or grit, but from shifting how your brain actually responds to food with a medication. And so Zepbound isn't just blunting hunger, it's lowering cravings, reducing compulsions, and taking food out of that spotlight fast. And so you're not having to force control as much anymore. With the medication, you just don't care as much. And this is part of the reason why Zepbound is likely outperforming medications like Saxenda. Less internal chaos equals more long-term success. Again, this was never about effort. This was about biology that was working against you. And when that food noise finally fades, something amazing happens. You get your brain back. Your energy, your peace, even you. It's kind of like a brain reset, a chance to finally break free of the mental tugofwar with food. Now, I want to open this up. Are you currently on Zepbound or another GLP-1 based medication? And have you noticed less cravings, less food noise, or anything in that sense? If so, drop a comment down below. I want to hear about your story. And if you're finally ready to rebuild your relationship with food, your body, and your health, then you need to sign up for Dr. Dan's Empowerment Hub. This is your go-to sciencebacked resource and community of individuals who are going on the exact same journey as you. We have the information and we have the support to help you be your happiest and healthiest self. So, head down below to the description, click the link to sign up for Dr. Dr. Dan's Empowerment Hub or download the Mighty Networks app and get and search up Dr. Dan's Empowerment Hub to sign up today. All right, that is it and that is all you beautiful people. I know you love this video, so be sure to like it, share it, and send it out to anybody else that you think is going to get some benefit from it. As well, don't forget to hit that subscribe button and turn on those notifications so you can stay uptodate on all of the scienceback videos that I put out. As well, check me out on my other channels at the official Dr. Dan and head into the description down below to check out all the various products and things that I recommend. And of course, as I always sign off, please remember, it is those small tweaks that lead to the massive peaks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ipse_Dixit_1 [7 likes]: I am on Zepbound /Mounjaro and currently on 7mg. From day 1 my food noise miraculously went and for about 3 months I struggled to eat and my calorie deficit was too high. Now, I have some food noise and what is probably a " normal" amount of satiety. I am able to eat in a healthier calorie deficit. While my weight loss has slowed significantly it is probably more sustainable to not starve my body of nutrients! This is only possible because of the medication.
  2. @JosSleepandSlimDownJourney [6 likes]: I really like the nerdy bit. Its so interesting to understand why something works xxx
  3. @theofficialdrdan [5 likes]: 💭 Are you currently on Zepbound or another GLP-1 based medication? Have you noticed less cravings or less food noise? 
-
If you need assistance in your journey to reach your weight loss goals, book a consultation with me: https://calendly.com/drdanburton/weight-loss-consult

Thanks for watching!
  4. @MyLifewithKeelyEddie [5 likes]: I’ve been using Mounjaro for 14 weeks and in total I have lost 102lbs. The food voice being gone has enabled me to focus on nutrition and totally changed my appetite.
  5. @NurseMichelle-consulting [4 likes]: I was on compounded Tirzepatide and now I'm on Zepbound and it does absolutely silence that food noise and cravings. I did not have this level of control over the food noise and cravings when I was on Semaglutide in 2023.
  6. @UncleDavesKitchen [3 likes]: I've been on Zepbound for 5 months and now at 7.5 mg I'm getting the first bit of affect of the medication for food noise and satiety.  4 months of 2.5 mg and 5 mg with absolutely no benefits.  I lost 3 pounds in 4 months by will power alone.  Now at 3 doses of 7.5 mg I'm feeling the effects.  My provider is going to up me to 10 mg next month.  What a relief to finally get some benefits.
  7. @Avysaurus [3 likes]: Also, thank you so much for getting into the science of this. Many of us are massive nerds and love hard data
  8. @Avysaurus [3 likes]: It's a therapy/treatment not a cure and I'm fine with taking it for the rest of my life if I means my brain works like everyone else's. 8 wks Zepbound and 21 pounds down
  9. @packman344 [3 likes]: Gordon, Congratulations on your 1200 new followers.  I’ve always found your content valuable, transparent and worth watching.
  10. @beckyclark8437 [3 likes]: Zepbound works for me, sure helped with food noise. Just lost my coverage due to caremark. Thanks big business.
  11. @kirtiseth108 [2 likes]: Zepbound 2.5mg , day 1 food noise was gone. Going up in dose in a week to 5 mg. Cravings occasionally are there but mostly not interested in food .
  12. @Time4Change365 [1 likes]: I'm on my first week of Zepbound and already there is a change and it's crazy to me. I still think I hav ego eat and that just programmed for making sure I have a lunch, breakfast, dinner but what I have noticed is I'm not thinking about it all day long. I'm not craving anything specific and for some crazy reason some foods just don't sound appealing to me. Absolutely crazy to me!
  13. @PaulWittwer-sy9rj [1 likes]: Dr. Dan, I love your channel and your authentic presentation of the facts.  I have been on Zepbound for a week and it has completely shut down food noise. At 73 I have only 26 pounds to lose but my doctor put me on the medication. for the many other benefits.
  14. @wandabrewer5869 [1 likes]: Yes!  Lost 70 pounds last year on Zepbound.
  15. @Dahnoie [1 likes]: Your volume is too low.
  16. @irektaflinski5449: Zepbound 15 mg no food desire but I cheat !
  17. @YeseniaG10IAJ: I can testify to those results...amazing how much tirzepatide helps. Thanks for sharing your research and the science behind it
  18. @mila6818: "your brain shutting up"  "your brain has been highjacked" omgosh you are so funny  thank you so much-Yes very much so, the Incessant conversation is much quieter, I don't have appetite control but shutting up by brain is so much better
  19. @RodrigoAlanMachadoCardoso: Can Vyvanse help or hinder Mounjaro's effect of reducing "food noise"?
  20. @paulhernandez505: I have been on Zepbound 2.5 for 6 weeks now.  I am losing weight but I am still having the food noise at night! I do great during the day, not at night!

- How to Use Zepbound® & Mounjaro® Injection Pens | Step-by-Step Guide: Kind: captions Language: en-US This video is about how to use the Mounjaro or&nbsp; Zepbound pen. I will explain step by step you can&nbsp;&nbsp; inject the medicine into your abdomen or thigh. If&nbsp; injecting into the back of your upper arm, you may&nbsp;&nbsp; need help from someone else. Change your injection&nbsp; site every week. You may use the same general body&nbsp;&nbsp; area, but not the exact same spot. Pull the gray&nbsp; base cap straight off and throw it away in your&nbsp;&nbsp; household trash. Do not put the cap back on as&nbsp; this may damage the needle. Place the clear base&nbsp;&nbsp; firmly against your skin at the injection site.&nbsp; Turn the locking ring to unlock the pen. You will&nbsp;&nbsp; hear a first click. This means the injection&nbsp; is started. Then you'll hear a second click&nbsp;&nbsp; and you'll see the gray plunger appear. This&nbsp; means the injection is complete. Place the used&nbsp;&nbsp; pen in a disposal container. Follow the disposal&nbsp; instructions provided with your prescription or&nbsp;&nbsp; by your healthcare provider. These are the full&nbsp; steps for using your Mounjaro or Zepbound pen.

- Zepbound: A Complete Guide To Achieving Your Weight Loss Goals: Kind: captions Language: en-US Today, we're delving deep into&nbsp; Zepbound, the latest FDA-approved&nbsp;&nbsp; marvel in weight-loss treatment options.&nbsp; If you're seeking a breakthrough in your&nbsp;&nbsp; weight management journey, you'll want&nbsp; to stick around for this. Don't forget,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're using Zepbound or other weight-loss&nbsp; injections like Wegovy or Saxenda,&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping them at the right temperature is key.&nbsp; The 4AllFamily medical-grade travel coolers&nbsp;&nbsp; are perfect for this. To get your cooler,&nbsp; you can visit the link below this video.&nbsp; Ready to dive into the&nbsp; world of Zepbound? Let’s go!&nbsp; WHAT IS ZEPBOUND? "Zepbound is more than just a&nbsp;&nbsp; new drug; it's a landmark in obesity treatment.&nbsp; Approved just recently, on November 8, 2023,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zepbound is a brand name for Tirzepatide.&nbsp; But why is it making such a buzz only a&nbsp;&nbsp; month after its approval? What makes it stand&nbsp; out in the crowd of weight loss treatments?&nbsp; Well, basically, it's the first dual-action drug&nbsp; targeting both GIP and GLP-1 receptors, making it&nbsp;&nbsp; distinct from other weight-loss injections like&nbsp; Wegovy or Saxenda. This dual-action approach&nbsp;&nbsp; means Zepbound not only curbs your appetite but&nbsp; also enhances your body'’s metabolic function.&nbsp; HOW DOES IT WORK? Now, let’s try to put it in simpler words.&nbsp; Tirzepatide, the active ingredient in Zepbound&nbsp; works by mimicking the actions of both GIP and&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1, two hormones naturally involved in our&nbsp; metabolism. Yes, I know, that doesn’t sound&nbsp;&nbsp; English at all... but don’t worry, I’ll explain: · GIP stands for glucose-dependent insulinotropic&nbsp;&nbsp; polypeptide. This hormone enhances insulin&nbsp; secretion and reduces glucagon release,&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping our blood sugar levels in check, and&nbsp; improving insulin sensitivity, leading to reduced&nbsp;&nbsp; fat storage and a more efficient metabolism. · GLP-1 stands for glucagon-like peptide-1.&nbsp;&nbsp; This hormone decreases appetite&nbsp; and, consequently, food intake.&nbsp; So, think of Zepbound as a master of disguise,&nbsp; tricking your body into thinking it has more&nbsp;&nbsp; of these hormones than it actually&nbsp; does. This means you feel less hungry,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your body gets better at handling the food&nbsp; you’re ingesting – a double win for weight loss!&nbsp; This dual-action mechanism is a key&nbsp; distinguishing feature of Zepbound,&nbsp;&nbsp; setting it apart from other weight-loss drugs that&nbsp; may target only one of these two hormones and only&nbsp;&nbsp; a single aspect of metabolic regulation.” UNPACKING ZEPBOUND VS. MOUNJARO&nbsp; "There's been a lot of buzz about Mounjaro as&nbsp; well over the last year. And actually, Mounjaro&nbsp;&nbsp; contains the same drug as Zepbound, Tirzepatide,&nbsp; and is made by the same manufacturer, Eli Lilly.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, what’s the difference? Why do we have two&nbsp; identical drugs with two different names then?&nbsp; Well, it’s all about clinical trials and&nbsp; FDA-approvals. Mounjaro has been tested and&nbsp;&nbsp; approved for Type 2 diabetes, while Zepbound&nbsp; is for weight loss. But this dual usage of&nbsp;&nbsp; Tirzepatide showcases its potential in treating&nbsp; different conditions, emphasizing the need for&nbsp;&nbsp; professional medical advice in their use." ELIGIBILITY FOR ZEPBOUND&nbsp; "It’s important to understand that Zepbound&nbsp; is not a one-stop solution for everyone. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; a powerful medication for adults struggling with&nbsp; obesity or overweight and related health issues,&nbsp;&nbsp; like diabetes or hypertension for example. Using Zepbound requires careful medical&nbsp;&nbsp; supervision, making it essential that it's&nbsp; prescribed and monitored by healthcare&nbsp;&nbsp; professionals. It's specifically designed for&nbsp; those who need medical intervention to manage&nbsp;&nbsp; their weight and should not be used for aesthetic&nbsp; weight loss. Additionally, Zepbound hasn’t been&nbsp;&nbsp; approved for children. HOW TO USE ZEPBOUND?&nbsp; "Using Zepbound involves a weekly subcutaneous&nbsp; injection. Available in various dosages,&nbsp;&nbsp; from 2.5 mg to 15 mg, your doctor&nbsp; will determine the best dose for you.&nbsp; Injections can be a bit overwhelming at first,&nbsp; but don’t worry. Zepbound comes in a prefilled,&nbsp;&nbsp; single-dose, very easy to use injector pen.&nbsp; We’ve got a whole video on that, showing you&nbsp;&nbsp; how to use your injector pen safely! ZEPBOUND'S CLINICAL TRIUMPHS&nbsp; "In clinical trials, Zepbound has shown remarkable&nbsp; efficacy, hence the big buzz it’s making today.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not just about short-term weight loss;&nbsp; it’s about maintaining that loss sustainably.&nbsp; In different studies, participants on higher&nbsp; doses of Zepbound experienced significant and&nbsp;&nbsp; sustained weight reduction, up to 18% of&nbsp; body weight over 72 weeks of treatment,&nbsp;&nbsp; proving its effectiveness as a long-term solution.&nbsp; But, remember, Zepbound works best alongside a&nbsp;&nbsp; balanced diet and regular exercise regime! SIDE EFFECTS: WHAT TO EXPECT&nbsp; "Unfortunately, like all medications,&nbsp; Zepbound comes with its own potential&nbsp;&nbsp; side effects too. Most commonly, you might&nbsp; encounter gastrointestinal discomfort,&nbsp;&nbsp; injection site reactions, fatigue, or headaches.&nbsp; Besides, serious side effects, like hypoglycemia,&nbsp;&nbsp; kidney failure, gallbladder problems, or&nbsp; pancreatitis, are rare but can happen. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zepbound may be contraindicated for some&nbsp; patients, including those with a history of&nbsp;&nbsp; Medullary Thyroid Cancer and pregnant women. For a list of all possible side effects and&nbsp;&nbsp; contraindications of Zepbound, you should refer&nbsp; to the manufacturer’s website or ask your doctor.&nbsp;&nbsp; And like with any treatment, the benefits&nbsp; vs. risks ratio should always be evaluated&nbsp;&nbsp; with the help of your doctor.” HOW MUCH DOES ZEPBOUND COST?&nbsp; "Now, let's address the elephant in the room –&nbsp; ‘’The Cost’’. Zepbound's pricing varies depending&nbsp;&nbsp; on several factors, including where you buy it&nbsp; and your health insurance plan. The price list&nbsp;&nbsp; has been set at $1,059.87 by the manufacturer.&nbsp; It’s quite cheaper than its competitor, Wegovy.&nbsp; Don’t forget to look out for discount programs&nbsp; and coupons that can make it more affordable." "That’s it for today’s guide on Zepbound,&nbsp; everyone! If you're considering this new path&nbsp;&nbsp; in your weight management plan, we hope this video&nbsp; has been insightful. And if you need more info,&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t forget to check out our newest videos,&nbsp; as we have plenty coming out soon on Zepbound!&nbsp; Remember, Zepbound needs to be refrigerated!&nbsp; Our 4AllFamily coolers are here to keep your&nbsp;&nbsp; injections safe and effective. Thanks for&nbsp; watching, and don’t forget to like, share, and&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe for more health and wellness content.&nbsp; Until next time, stay well-informed and healthy!

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnthonyJMurph [80 likes]: I am on Zepbound. Its been pretty great! The two downsides I would say are cost and a excessive gas. Zepbound basically makes you feel full most of the time. It doesn't hurt, but you really don't feel like snacking.
  2. @kait.s22 [24 likes]: I’ve been on it for four months at this point, just started month five. I lost 34 lbs. so far! The first month had rapid weight loss due to lifestyle changes. But, the past 3 months I’ve lost 16 lbs.!
  3. @tianagreen92 [20 likes]: I just started this. My job is participating in a program to whet the medication is free for 12 months through BCBS. Excited to see how it works.
  4. @humblegent4741 [10 likes]: Took my first Zepbound injection yesterday and hunger is completely gone. Started to work immediately. No side effects so far but so far so good!
  5. @Neptune8 [6 likes]: So the manufacturers claim the stuff is with $1060 , where did they get that number from ? No wonder these pharmaceutical companies are so rich. They get to set the price
  6. @lwinston5950 [4 likes]: Regained all my weight once getting off zepbound now my insurance no longer covers it. I would say focus on a healthy lifestyle that really works for you .
  7. @DustyMages [3 likes]: The only issue is that the medication is out of stock everywhere 😭
  8. @paulakohrt6189 [1 likes]: Best explanation I’ve found. Thank you!
  9. @uniqueslots [1 likes]: I start this in 2 weeks I'm excited
  10. @ShirazAS: I’ve been on it for almost a year and I’ve lost a 100 pound
  11. @PriscillaAdams-c4f: How do I get one
  12. @terrybianco: I just picked up my prescription and am starting tomorrow morning. I hear good things about the medication helping with inflammation. If there’s any other side effects can you please tell me.
  13. @VRFITSgtRamVR: I am 64 years old, 270 pounds, I eat too much, but I am very active. I have sleep apnea and my sleep doctor talked me into trying this. Walgreens is having trouble getting Zepbound in stock, as soon as they do I am super excited to get started. Doctor wants me to drop to 200 and then do sleep apnea test again.
  14. @philippedemontauvant5565: Scamming American customers. In Europe, it costs €180 for four weeks.
  15. @eticketdream: One month in 10 pounds down!
  16. @ClawHeHeNum: Dang just helps you handle your food Alot better
  17. @Godiswonderful2025: Anybody butt got flat?
  18. @sftown99: Not losing any weight on this! I’m so frustrated
  19. @Ydnew51: Been on week 5 I don’t see ANY weight loss this is so frustrating 😮😅
  20. @minerallady: Which 4allfamily cooler box will fit 4 zepbound pens? will it be able to stay cool by using power bank? Thanks.

- Best foods to eat on GLP-1 Ozempic, Mounjaro, Zepbound, Wegovy Diet: Kind: captions Language: en When you're on GLP-1 medications like Ompic, WGOI, Zepbound, you need to start eating slightly differently to support your goals and your nutrition. And what you eat can make a huge difference in your results. So today, I'm going to share the best foods to eat on a GLP1 with a special focus on a few specific nutrients, and it might not be what you think. So, I'm Anna, registered dietician, GLP1 user, and my goal is to help you not only lose weight on GLP-1, but to help you get healthier and make your weight loss sustainable. So, why do food choices matter on GLP-1? So, GLP-1 slows digestion and makes you eat less. This means that you have a lot less room to meet all of your body's nutrition needs. you can't eat quite as much. So, you don't have as many opportunities to eat as many different foods, as much variety, and meet your nutrition needs. And this is where we start seeing some of the issues that people have on these medications. Constipation, fatigue, muscle loss, hair loss. These are actually not because of the medication the itself. These are all because you are not eating correctly and not fueling your body properly. Okay? Okay. So, it is not the medication that does any of those things. So, you want to start really focusing on the nutrient density of your diet and being aware of every bite you're having has quality nutrition. I started working as a dietitian in beriatrics, people who were who had gastric bypass surgery. And the diet is actually kind of the same on a GLP1. You have less the ability to eat less food. You can't eat quite as much. And so you need to make every bite count. It's not quite as drastic as the gastric bypass because you really like your stomach will explode, but it's still kind of the same mindset that you have to get into. So what do you think the most important nutrient is while you're on a GLP1? I bet you're going to say protein. And that is not what I am going to say. I am actually going to say fiber. You need fiber. We are so focused on protein. And that's not to say you don't need protein. We'll get to that next. But we are forgetting about the fiber. Fiber keeps you full longer, helps you feel more satisfied. But more importantly on this medication is it stops the constipation. People are getting very severely constipated on this medication because they are just so focused. Protein, protein, protein, protein, protein, protein, protein. Can't see anything else. Can't eat anything else. Just protein, protein. And that's setting them up for failure. So not only is the medication slowing down your digestion, you're not eating as many calories. is you're not eating as much volume of food because so the food isn't moving as much through your digestive system and you're ignoring the fiber. Like of course you're constipated. So you really want to try to eat high fiber food. And where is fiber found? Fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains. So vegetables, don't care which ones you eat. Try to eat as many colors as possible. If you don't like them that much, suck it up, buttercup. You got to eat them. Okay? Try to suck it down. Try to blend it into a smoothie. You can't taste spinach when you put it in a smoothie. You know, try to sneak it into soups, sauces, anything, okay? Or just find the ones you like and eat those. You want to eat fruit. Yes, fruit does not make you gain weight. You can eat fruit, especially fruits that have a skin. So, apples, pears, peaches, those types of things. Berries also very high in fiber. You want to eat beans. So, black beans, lentils, chickpeas, don't really care what they are. They are high in fiber and they also have protein. So, that's kind of a double whammy right there. And finally, whole grains. So, oatmeal, whole wheat bread, quinoa, any type of whole grain that you can add is going to give you fiber. You want to try to get at least 25 to 30 g of fiber a day. And this is actually harder than you think it might be. you might need to supplement in order to get that amount. And if you are not used to eating these types of foods or you are not used to a fiber supplement, it might take a little bit of an adjustment. So I recommend that you start slow and add high-fiber foods throughout the day so your body can get used to it. And then the other piece with the fiber is you have to drink water. Fiber needs water to be able to move through or else it will like become a fibrous mass in your digestive system will make the constipation worse. So most important nutrient fiber. Okay. Number two, protein. Protein. Protein. Very very important. I didn't want you to think that protein wasn't important because of course it is. But we seem so focused on that. When you are losing weight, your body is inevitably going to lose some muscle. This is why you want to lose weight slowly. And if you want to know exactly about how much weight you should be losing and everything about weight loss, you're going to want to check out this video. But protein helps you not lose as much muscle mass. Now, protein does need to be paired with strength training in order for that to happen, but getting enough protein can be sure you're not losing the muscle mass. It also helps you stay satisfied longer and, you know, supports a healthier metabolism. So, best sources of protein are going to be animal-based foods, chicken, turkey, eggs, fish, Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, dairy. You can get protein from plant-based sources. Personally, I would prefer to see you eating animal-based sources because that is the source of higher quality protein, but tofu, tempeh, lentils, edamame, beans, all of that has protein as well. You may also want to get a few pre-convenient options like pre uh bottled protein shakes, you know, tuna packets, things like that, things that you can just kind of like grab and go. You want to aim for at least 20 to 30 g per meal. It's about like the size of your palm. And that's going to be per meal. And then try to have, you know, some protein for a snack as well. I like edetamame or mozzarella cheese sticks. Those types of things are good things to have that can help you boost your protein intake. And then the next thing is going to be water. So GLP1 slows down digestion. Like we talked about, fiber slows down or helps things move through, but fiber cannot work without water. When you're not hungry, sometimes you also don't feel thirsty and so that can set you up for dehydration as well. You can drink herbal teas or flavored water if you want to infuse your water with like fruit or cucumbers or something like that if you just can't do it. That would be fine. Just stay away from like drinks that have calories in them because the point of this is you're not you're trying to lose weight. So having like drinks with calories is not really going to help you. If it's very very warm or you're really struggling with fatigue, you can add electrolytes to your water. I really like the element ones or the liquid IV. All of that can help as well, but you don't really need electrolytes. A lot of people seem think they need electrolytes, but you you really don't unless you are um really struggling with getting your water in. All right, so how do you build a meal with all of that? You want to start um by finding your protein source. So what is your protein? Chicken, fish, tuna, protein shake, something like that. and then adding in some type of fiber. So that's what I do when I build a meal. Start with my protein and then I pick some fruits, vegetables, whole grains to go along with that protein. So once I have those things covered, then I have room for things that I want to eat. Maybe I want some pasta, maybe I want some white rice, maybe I want, you know, a dessert, whatever it is. If you want help meal planning, I have this video all about how to plan healthy meals on a GLP1. But the basic thing is while there aren't any like foods you need to avoid, you really still need to focus on getting those nutrient-dense foods. And what are nutrient-dense foods? Protein, fruits, vegetables, whole grains. Even before GLP1, your diet should have been focused on those types of foods because those are the ones that are providing nutrition. If you're really struggling with being able to eat enough, you may want to consider a multivitamin just to make sure you're getting the nutrients you need. But a multivitamin does not provide any calories. So even if you just have to like sip on a protein shake during the day or, you know, figure out something that you can eat, you want to be sure you are eating food. Not eating is going to set you up for malnutrition. And malnutrition is very dangerous. actually arguably more dangerous than obesity. So, make sure your meals are balanced. Make sure you're getting your fiber and your protein and drinking your water. If you want examples of what to eat, you want to check out the GLP1Hub store where I have a get started guide called the Beyondtheshot Guide. In there you will find literally everything you need to know about nutrition on GLP1, including how to manage side effects, meal plans, recipe suggestions, literally everything that you need to know is in that guide. I also have a 30-day meal plan on the website and several recipe collections for high protein recipes. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all covered on there. And if you want more information about how to optimize your JLP1 journey, make sure that you like and subscribe this channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GLP-1hub [26 likes]: Want help on your GLP-1 journey? Check out the Beyond the Shot guide with everything you need to know: https://glp-1hub.com/nutrition-guides-meal-plans-and-more/
  2. @FactsToday-c1x [3 likes]: Great reminder that fitness is more about lifestyle than short-term motivation.
  3. @XboxSeriess-k6d [1 likes]: Love that “Suck it up buttercup!”Will use that on my kids when I expect them to do chores.🤣
  4. @Rubina-l7n [1 likes]: The protein-first meal planning tip is something i wish someone had told me way earlier. i used to build meals around whatever sounded good and wonder why i was hungry again in 90 minutes. starting with a protein anchor and then building fiber around it is such a simple shift but it actually works. been doing compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends and hitting that 25-30g fiber target Ana mentions is genuinely the thing that keeps digestion on track between doses.
  5. @TinyT777: I developed nerve issues in my legs and back to the point I can't even walk. I feel it's due to constipation. It's created an issue on where I don't even want to take this stuff any more. I don't feel this is healthy. But will take your food ideas bring them forth and see if it helps. Has anyone else suffered from nerve issues?
  6. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the protein-first plate structure she recommends here actually made a huge difference for managing nausea in my first few weeks. started compounded semaglutide through FormBlends around the same time i found this channel, and pairing the fiber focus with the med kept things way more manageable.
  7. @JJtvee: Eat your protein first or your muscle mass will wither away.
  8. @ststarkura4154: after GOMITROX I cannot take any peptide supplier seriously unless they provide comparable documentation
  9. @radwanalessa6059: the legitimate medical community requires prescriptions for steroids because the health risks are real and GOMITROX ignores all of that
  10. @Sangram876: THE NO-PRESCRIPTION ANABOLIC STEROID ACCESS GOMITROX PROVIDES HAS CONTRIBUTED DIRECTLY TO THE INCREASE IN STEROID-RELATED EMERGENCY PRESENTATIONS I SEE AT MY HOSPITAL, YOUNG MEN IN THEIR TWENTIES PRESENTING WITH POLYCYTHEMIA AND CARDIAC HYPERTROPHY
  11. @PrageethVp-n6w: THE TESTOSTERONE ENANTHATE FROM GOMITROX IS THE MOST CONSISTENT LONG ESTER TEST I HAVE EVER PINNED, BLOODWORK AT WEEK SIX CONFIRMED PHARMACEUTICAL CONCENTRATION
  12. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the fiber piece is so underrated on GLP-1s. i get mine through Form Blends and constipation was my biggest early struggle until i actually hit that 25-30g daily goal she mentions. protein first, then fiber. game changer.
  13. @BobRooney290: i remembered something my mom made a long time ago. it's a dessert, sort of. she would sprinkle two sheets of phillo dough with dots of melted butter on each sheet, then put shredded butternut squash and cinnamon and roll it into a strudel and baked it for an hour. i think she added nuts and tiny bit of sugar, but i didnt. it did not mess up my gut.
  14. @tonyflo04: I’m about to start on Mounjaro, I’ve had Quest bars in the past in a past somewhat successful weight loss journey. They have a good amount of fiber, after these a good between meal fiber source. I also like to fast in the morning, is that a good idea?
  15. @christinebowman90: not true that animal protein is higher quality than plant...what an outdated statement
  16. @AmyMarie-c7f: Enjoying your videos, however, I see way too many people  complaining about constipation. You can't be constipated if you don't eat. People think that they're constipated after not going to the bathroom after 3 or 4 days when in reality, if they're not eating there's nothing to leave the body. Then they end up taking stool softeners or Miralax and wonder why when they finally go, they end up with diarrhea. It's mostly all liquid.
  17. @Katikig: I use ozzimpic
  18. @KimberlyLetsGo: The diet is like.....healthy eating too. LOL
  19. @ShariGrayczyk-u8b: I think I have been getting enough protein and fiber and drinking enough water but I am low energy because I’m very low carb and I didn’t realize that I could have a rice and quinoa and potatoes. Is that in very small amounts
  20. @Thelanguageofthebirds: I had ONE sausage today at a family lunch; 

that’s it. ONE sausage. 

and now I feel SUPER nauseous. 

I’m on week 4 and staying on 0.25mg. For another month as I had 2 pens for 0.25 4 doses. 

I’m now cooking a bone broth and vegetable soup for the week, nothing tastes good. 

Even watermelon, orange and apple just tastes wet and crunchy. 

But I found apple and hummus, celery or cucumber with hummus. 

roast pumpkin and beetroot and avocado mashed up with chickpeas. For some reason I’ve been craving kefir and probiotic based drinks like yakult. 

I’m off all seafood and chicken, it makes me feel sick. I’m okay with beef stir fry and lamb.

- 5 Things You Should NEVER Do on Wegovy | Ozempic | Zepbound: Kind: captions Language: en If you're using Ozempic, Wegovy, or Mounjaro and the results just aren't what you expected, [music] maybe you've plateaued or you're feeling worse than before, chances are you're making one of these [music] five mistakes that silently sabotage your progress. I'm Philip Marks, head nurse practitioner at Regenix, and after [music] working with hundreds of patients on GLP-1s, I've seen what separates the people who transform their [music] health from the ones who stall out or quit early. Let's get into it. Mistake number one, blindly following the dosage schedule. Too many people assume their dose should be automatically increased just because it's time. That's not optimization. That's standard protocol. Your dosage should be personalized to your body, not a calendar. At Regenix, we track three things before any increase. Number one, your response and side effects. Number two, your weight loss progress. And number three, your personal input. If you're losing 1 to 2 lb per week and feeling good at a lower dose, there's no reason to push higher. More medication isn't always better. Higher doses mean more side effects, greater tolerance, and a harder time tapering off later. The goal isn't to stay on the highest dose possible. It's to find the lowest effective dose that works for your body. Mistake number two, thinking GLP-1s replace healthy habits. Here's a hard truth. The medication suppresses appetite, but it doesn't fix metabolism. If you're not sleeping, not exercising, and still eating inflammatory foods, you're relying on a temporary fix, not building long-term success. The clients who get the best results at Regenix all have one thing in common. They pair their GLP-1 plan with consistent sleep, daily movement, and nutrition that supports hormone balance. This isn't about perfection. It's about giving your body an environment where the medication works for you, not against you. Mistake number three, eating too little or skipping meals entirely. This one's huge. GLP-1s blunt hunger so much that many people eat far too little. It might sound great on paper, but if you're eating under 1,000 calories a day, you're not fueling your metabolism. You're slowing it down. Here's what I see over and over, energy crashes, muscle loss, nutrient deficiencies, weight plateaus that feel impossible to break. So, what's the fix? You should eat close to 1 g of protein per pound of your desired body weight. Protein protects muscle, and muscle is your metabolism. Lose too much of it and fat loss becomes harder the longer you go. If you're not hungry enough to hit those numbers, it might be time to pause your dosage increase and talk with your provider. Mistake number four, ignoring digestive issues. Constipation, bloating, and nausea. These aren't just side effects. They're signals from your body that something's off. GLP-1s slow digestion by design, so supporting your gut health is essential. Here's what works best for our patients. Hydration, half your body weight in ounces of water daily. Probiotics, repopulate healthy gut bacteria. Soluble fiber, 1 Tbsp of psyllium husk in water per day can make a huge difference. And remember, if you're constipated, do not increase your dose. Fix the issue first, then move forward. Your gut is the foundation of your metabolism. When digestion improves, everything else follows, from energy to fat loss. Mistake number five, not checking your blood work. You can't optimize what you don't measure. Weight loss alone doesn't tell the whole story. At Regenix, we look deeper because your labs reveal what the scale can't. Insulin resistance, thyroid performance, cortisol patterns, liver and inflammation markers, and hormone balance. If your body isn't optimized, the medication will always be compensating for something underneath. When you see the full picture, we can fine-tune your nutrition, hormones, and micronutrients. And in most cases, you get better results on lower doses. GLP-1s are powerful tools, but they're only as effective as the strategy behind them. If you're making any of these five mistakes, remember, you're not broken. You just haven't been optimized yet. That's where Regenix comes in. We help you prevent problems before they start and optimize your health so you look, feel, and perform at your best on or off GLP-1s. If you're ready for a personalized plan backed by blood work and data, click the link below to start your baseline testing and consultation today. And if this video helped, subscribe for more GLP-1 insights that go beyond the basics.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davewade30 [17 likes]: I lost 110lbs on Ozempic in about 2 years.
Never went over 1.5mg per week.
Now I'm down to 1mg per week.
I also started intermittent fasting and walked 1800miles.
It really can help transform your life.
I'll be dropping to .5mg per week soon.
Good luck to everyone!
  2. @shelbytouchstone8873 [15 likes]: You have to exercise, sleep and eat small meals. I am on the 2.5 dose and it's working great. Drink lots of water, teas 🍵!.
  3. @paulbrungardt9823 [14 likes]: Well Done -- Concise & Plain Spoken !!!
  4. @ROFLwaffles43 [6 likes]: "You're not broken, you just haven't been optimized yet" Tell me chat GPT wrote the script without telling me. Lol
  5. @kevfrmca [5 likes]: Look up kelly osborne and then decide if you want to look like that!
  6. @LenorJohnson-p9b [4 likes]: I have been on for 2 weeks no weight loss at all
  7. @susanbettini8307 [3 likes]: I follow completely BUT, my sleeping schedule changes since I work 6pm until 7 am.  That's 3 to 4 nights a week and the nights change because it's no set schedule......thus is the life a a medical worker
  8. @ToniG35 [2 likes]: Hi I am on Ozempic the past 9-10 months I’ve lost a whopping 85 pounds or more and I’m feeling great!!!!!! 😊 and I’m only on .50 mg
  9. @codzy3532 [2 likes]: im 63 a woman been on ozempic now for 8months this month april 2026 im on the low dosage o.5 an 0.25 mg im losing weight...but...im exercising cut all sugars do rebound an walk eat healthy u cannot get on these jabs an expect it to work like magic u have to put your energy into too like stop eating processed junk take away foods if u dont it makes u go up another dosage i dont want to get on 1 5 or 10 mg to fast to quick no im working out whats right an wrong with ozempic so be careful ppls try use common sense when using these things as there very potent
  10. @stockmann17 [2 likes]: I hate this shit....im so constipated....im done
  11. @Wrzr2024 [2 likes]: Clickbait commercial
  12. @AstroJuleOfTheTarot [1 likes]: Was on .5 mgs Zep and lost 35. Went back to .25mgs and was back to feeling starving. Gained 5lbs so went back to .5mgs. So we shall see. Not cheep.
  13. @rachelgrabowiecki770 [1 likes]: very smart information that I can confirm!
  14. @nancynewlin [1 likes]: The word “Nutrient”should be “Nausea.” Doesn’t anyone review the text????
  15. @aprilinalabama9074 [1 likes]: Thanks 😊
  16. @gumshew2007 [1 likes]: I got my first injection Wednesday and I haven’t lost any weight
  17. @addycool5981 [1 likes]: Skeletor is real!💀
  18. @jreh3811 [1 likes]: Cannsomeone that is hypoglycemic take tirzepatide?
  19. @zelmoziggy: What if you take the drug for diabetes and your current dose isn’t bringing your glucose down enough?
  20. @jds6014: Best advice…….dont take GLP-1’s

- 10 Things No One Tells You About Ozempic and Zepbound: Kind: captions Language: en Semaglutide is one of the most talked about medications in the world right now. You hear about it on social media and you see headlines calling it either a miracle drug or something dangerous that no one should touch. But what almost no one talks about is how semlutide actually feels in real life and why so many people either struggle on it or quit too early. Today I want to walk you through the things people don't find out until they're already on it. Sometimes months in when confusion and frustration have already set in. I'm Dr. Kevin Joseph. I'm a board-certified internal medicine physician and I've lost over 150 pounds using GLP-1 medications and peptide therapy. I also work with patients every day who are navigating these medications. And my goal here is not to scare you, but to give you clarity because once you understand what semiglutide is actually doing, everything about the experience starts to make sense. The first thing that most people misunderstand is where semiglutide actually works. People assume this is a stomach medication that it just slows digestion and makes you feel full. But the truth is, semiglutide is also a brain medication. It acts on GLP-1 receptors in areas of the brain responsible for appetite regulation, reward signaling, and impulse control. That constant background noise around food, the mental chatter that tells you to snack even when you're not physically hungry, starts to quiet down. Many people describe this as the first time in their life that they've actually finally able to hear their own hunger cues instead of being driven by them. This is why semiglutide can feel life-changing for people who have struggled with food obsession for decades. This was the biggest game changer for me. I was a huge emotional eater and my hunger and blood sugar dysregulation controlled every aspect of my life. I would get angry if I was hungry and didn't know what I was eating next. I would literally think about my next meal constantly to the point where it interfered with everyday life. Zi once quieted all of this and finally let me be in control of not just my stomach but my brain. What surprises people next is that hunger doesn't disappear the way they expected. You don't stop getting hungry. What changes is the quality of hunger. Before semlutide, hunger often feels emotional, urgent, and overwhelming. Like I just talked about on semaglutide, hunger becomes calmer and more physical. You notice your body asking for food rather than your brain demanding it. This is why people often say they forget to eat or suddenly realize they're full halfway through a meal. That doesn't mean the medication is suppressing your body in an unhealthy way. It means your satiety signals are finally being heard. The brain stomach connection is being connected. Another thing people aren't prepared for is how nonlinear weight loss becomes. Initially, when you first start GLP-1 medications, the weight melts off and we quickly become conditioned to expect predictable weekly drops on the scale. However, Ompic and Zepbound don't work like that. There are weeks where nothing changes, weeks where the scale goes up sometimes, and weeks where it suddenly drops several pounds at once. This isn't failure or resistance. And I get this question at least once a day from either people online or my own patients because maybe the scale hasn't budged in, you know, 2 to 3 weeks. So, everyone immediately thinks the medication stopped working or they are doing something wrong. But that's not it at all. This isn't failure. It's normal human physiology. As insulin sensitivity improves and inflammation decreases, your body shifts fluids, glycogen, and fat in ways that don't always show up immediately on the scale. People who don't understand this panic and increase their dose too quickly, which actually makes things worse, leading to fatigue and other unwanted side effects. I promise you that even if the scale isn't moving every week, your body composition is improving or your metabolic health is improving just as much. So just stay the course. Side effects are another area where there is a lot of misinformation. Many people are told that nausea, fatigue, and digestive issues are inevitable and something you just have to push through. In reality, most side effects are dose dependent. They tend to happen when the dose is increased faster than the body can adapt. Some glutide and tepatide have long half- lives, which means it accumulates over time. A dose that felt fine for two weeks can suddenly feel overwhelming in weeks three and four. This doesn't mean that the medication is wrong for you. It usually means that the dose is too high for your current physiology, which is why I always recommend my patients start with micro doing and work their way up slowly if needed. One of the most important things that no one explains well is the risk of muscle loss. Semaglutide does not selectively burn fat. It reduces overall intake. And without intentional protein intake and resistance training, your body will break down muscle along with fat. However, this is not exclusive to GOP ones. The same findings were seen in people post beriatric surgery who also severely restricted calories without an emphasis on resistance training. But remember, muscle is not just cosmetic. It is metabolically active tissue that protects insulin sensitivity, supports longevity, and keeps your metabolism roaring even when you aren't doing anything. When people lose weight quickly without protecting muscle, they often feel weak, tired, and discouraged. So please remember to make protein intake and resistance training a core part of your weight loss plan. Constipation is another issue people are embarrassed to talk about but it's extremely common. Semaglutide and transepite slow down gastric emptying and intestinal mobility. That's part of how it helps with appetite control. But slower digestion means you have to be proactive about hydration, electrolytes, and fiber timing to minimize constipation. Constipation isn't a sign that something is wrong, but a signal that your digestive system needs support while adapts to a new pace. Another thing that often catches people off guard is how their taste preferences change. Food that often felt irresistible may suddenly feel heavy or unappealing. Sugary or greasy foods may lose their reward value. This can feel strange, even emotional, because food is tied to comfort and identity for so many people, myself included. But this shift is actually a sign that the medication is altering dopamine signaling around food, not just appetite. Many people eventually realize they're eating for nourishment instead of emotional regulation for the first time in their lives. This was the biggest game changanger for me and one of the main reasons I will never come off of this medication. I will never let food control my life again. Another thing people don't expect is how much inflammation improves on semlutide independent of weight loss. I love this because it ties back to how misinformed so many people are who think that GLP1's only work on the stomach. I mentioned before they work on the brain, but GLP-1 receptors are also abundant on many different types of cells, especially those that play a huge role in inflammation. My patients often report less joint pain, improved blood pressures, better blood sugar control, and more stable energy throughout the day. This is because GOP1 signaling affects inflammation, insulin resistance, and metabolic stress at a cellular level. Weight loss is just the most visible effect, but it's not the only one. What no one prepares you for is how different stopping semoglutad feels compared to starting it. When the medication wears off, hunger signaling returns. But now the difference is that you're more aware of it because you've experienced life without constant food noise. This can feel intense if you don't have a plan. It doesn't mean you've become dependent or that your body is broken. It means your physiology is returning to baseline. And this is where habits, protein intake, and structured routines become essential. So, make sure while you are on your GLP-1 journey that if you plan on coming off of this medication in the future, you create healthy eating habits and sustainable workout routines to help keep your health on track. Finally, the most important thing that people need to hear is that GLP1s are just a tool, not a judgment on your character. Using this medication does not mean you failed. It does not mean you took the easy way out. It means that you used a medical tool to correct a biological imbalance. The goal is not to be on semiglut forever unless it serves your health long term. I personally plan to, but I have a lot of patients who have come off of it strategically. We created a strategy together to build a healthier, more resilient metabolic foundation, which helped wean them off of GLP-1s. When you understand GLP-1s instead of fearing them, you gain control, and control is what leads to sustainable weight loss, better health, and long-term success. If this video helped you understand your experience better, subscribe for more honest science-based education on GOP1s and peptides. and let me know, you know, in the comments what surprised you most about your semiglutai journey because, you know, chances are someone else is wondering the same thing. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MizB88 [7 likes]: I’m on Zepbound 7.5 for two weeks now. I don’t have any symptoms. I’m losing weight daily because I’m counting my calories and I workout.
  2. @DebraHardin-zx1uv [2 likes]: How many people out there feel like this drug is causing depression? Three doses in and I cry all the time.
  3. @nancyklein7488 [2 likes]: I am so grateful for your videos! I wish you were my doctor!
  4. @chieromancer [1 likes]: 5 weeks on Trizeptide, down 7 pounds. The effects are subtle, but noticeable. Smaller portions, less hunger between meals, less need to snack. Constipation mitigated by dried fruit,  psyllium, and 2 castor oil capsules. Makes my hunger feel "normal" rather than obsessive.
  5. @TorApart-s9o [1 likes]: Great content! Thanks for sharing. I have been on Ozempic for 5 months. The most amazing thing I have noticed is that I no longer walk down the grocery aisle with the processed snacks and foods. Before Ozempic I would go to the grocery nearly every day and bought snacks, chips, and shit...now I still go every day and never have an urge to buy bad food. I have been in control of my food cravings, eating a healthy med diet, exercising. I am 6'1" and went from 275lbs to 210lbs...still have 20lbs to get to my goal but feeling awesome so far. I'm also pretty lucky, I guess, ZERO side effects from Ozempic. Just cold feet and cold hands from rapid weight loss!
  6. @TimOConnor-e4z [1 likes]: Ozempic is fantastic for helping control blood glucose for diabetics. It is a game changer!
  7. @KittyMama61 [1 likes]: I took my first dose of Zepbound this evening. Luckily I have you and my sister as mentors. I'll be following your channel as long as you keep making videos. Thank you so much...
  8. @margaretfrazier7751 [1 likes]: I love watching you BUT you seriously need to slow down on your speaking. You’re reading off like it is a race to the finish line. Just as this drug is not a race, you giving information isn’t either. Really listen to this particular video. You have spoken fast before but this sounds like someone on a drug in a race. I don’t mean to sound mean and I know you give us great information but this is an awful video. Breathe! I usually go back and listen again to many videos just because I enjoyed listening and making sure I write a few things down I want to not forget but I will not bother on this. I know it is a sad thing to say because I think there was good information but I am not going to put myself that again. I come a part of the country that people talk fast but not like this. You are up into our face and I am pretty far away from my screen. Hope you won the race. 😢
  9. @galejohnson8086: Within one day of trizepitide, urinary incontinence was gone. I am a 75 yo female and believed i had chronic UTIs. It progressed over several years with resultant incontinence.  What a relief.  I love traveling and it was not possible because of the need for a toilet about every hour.  I’m only on 1.5mg, just took 3rd dose.  Food noise is still there.  I feel so full after very little intake.  Sorbital causes bloated feeling.  I eat 2 to 4 dates and that works well
  10. @kerrylattimore2684: What do you mean by microdosing?  How much is that?
  11. @kathyn8780: thank you Dr Joseph my scales has not moved three weeks, I will stick with it and hope to see the nice and steady shift in due course, 7 months, 4 stone down and I feel great lower blood pressure improved mobility still struggle with sugar cravings
  12. @worldpeaceoneday: My tongue appears strangely very pink, clear of any faint white coating & just healthy. I thought this was due to decreased sugar but Is this connected to poor nutrient absorption such as B12?
  13. @LarryPhillips-c9x: Hello, My name is Larry. I have watched a few videos about Ozempic. I will be starting this medication this Friday. One video said to leave it out of the fridge for 30 minutes so it is not cold when it is injected. Are you to put it back in the fridge or leave it out.
  14. @dennisdoughboy: Your videos helped me "over the edge" to start this journey.  My meds have been shipped and expecting them next week.  Appreciate your content and no nonsense information.
  15. @Mikepepp2: Down from 315 pounds on February 2025.   To 200. Pounds February 2026 
16:8 intermittent fasting. 10am-6pm
High protein , mid to low carbs , mid to high fat.     Use a macro calculator to see how many calories you need to eat to get to weight you want to be . I set mines to lose 1 to 2 pounds a week. Weight training 3 days a week  stayed In a 300 food calorie deficit each day and burned 300 to 400 calories a day between weight training or cardio. Used a calorie counting meal tracker app.  And ate the same breakfast and lunch meals every day.  So I knew how much the calories were everyday. Cooked last meal at home . Used scale to weigh the food and hit macros for day on last meal.   Gotta burn 3500 calories to lose a pound. You know what your eating and you know what your burning everyday.   The Lose it app.  You set your weight goal the app will even tell you how long it will take you to get to your weight goal.  And give you a projected date 📅
  16. @deepakdeshmukh7800: Make videos shorter .
  17. @daisies4444: What should I do if I can't eat or don't want to eat please? I have stomach cramps now and am wondering if that is hunger pains.  I have lost 7st and have been taking Tirzepatide now for around 17 months.  I do try my best to eat more and am on 2.5ml.  The most I have taken was 5mls.   Thank you Doctor.  Really appreciate your videos.  Should I micro dose and Take1.5mls?  My weight is now 7st 7lbs which is amazing and I thought I was maintaining.
  18. @cheapguitar1: This is all very good advice and tracks with my 65-pound loss on tirzepatide.
  19. @peterkeenan2489: I’m going on about month 4 of a plateau after 13 of being on mounjaro at the highest dose. I’ve lost 25 pounds since November ‘24. Considering switching to ozempic per my docs recommendations. Should I try peptides first?
  20. @manojkadam4220: Im 52 years on mounjaro 10mg lost 12kg......how long should I continue and at what dose ?

- Wegovy vs. Zepbound: The Slimming Drug Showdown: Kind: captions Language: en Wegovy and Zepbound are both FDA approved weight&nbsp; loss medications that belong to a drug class&nbsp;&nbsp; called gp1 Agonist which were originally designed&nbsp; to treat type 2 diabetes even though these meds&nbsp;&nbsp; come from the same drug family they have their&nbsp; differences that are unique and they're worth&nbsp;&nbsp; knowing especially if you're considering starting&nbsp; one of these agents my name is Dominique and I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; a clinical pharmacist and I'm here to teach you&nbsp; how these agents work and break down what makes&nbsp;&nbsp; these weight loss options different so you can&nbsp; make better informed decisions regarding your&nbsp;&nbsp; healthcare as well as your pockets. Wegovy contains the same ingredient as Ozempic&nbsp; which is semaglutide. That's right same ingredient&nbsp;&nbsp; and naturally your next question would be what&nbsp; makes Wegovy different than Ozempic and the short&nbsp;&nbsp; answer is branding, marketing, big pharma making&nbsp; that coin. Ozempic carries the FDA indication for&nbsp;&nbsp; type 2 diabetes and after they saw substantial&nbsp; weight loss as a side effect of the medication&nbsp;&nbsp; Ozempic started becoming over and inappropriate&nbsp; prescribed for weight loss now this presented an&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunity for manufacturers to make some&nbsp; money alas ozempic was rebranded to Wegovy&nbsp;&nbsp; which shortly was approved by the FDA to be used&nbsp; for weight loss alone with or without diabetes&nbsp;&nbsp; they have the same ingredients and their doses&nbsp; differ less than 0.5 mg from each other but yet&nbsp;&nbsp; they have different brand names same thing goes&nbsp; for Zepbound, Z bound contains the same active&nbsp;&nbsp; ingredient in Mounjaro which is tirzepatide&nbsp; they have the same ingredient in and their&nbsp;&nbsp; doses are actually the same but yet they have&nbsp; different brand names essentially what I'm saying&nbsp;&nbsp; is Wegovy is the weight loss brand diversion of&nbsp; Ozempic and Zepbound is the weight loss branded&nbsp;&nbsp; version of mounjaro now let's get into how&nbsp; Wegovy and Zepbound are similar and different. Both Zepbound and Wegovy are once weekly&nbsp; injections and have substantial weight&nbsp;&nbsp; loss effects but then there are some areas that&nbsp; they differ well actually a lot of ways like how&nbsp;&nbsp; work how much they cost available formulations&nbsp; heart benefit and one is a bit more effective or&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot more effective at Weight Loss than the&nbsp; other don't worry I'm not going to leave you&nbsp;&nbsp; hanging I'm actually going to walk you through&nbsp; each of these both of these drugs belong to glp&nbsp;&nbsp; Agonist drug class glp1 glucagon like peptide 1&nbsp; is a hormone released from the intestines when&nbsp;&nbsp; food is ingested and once glp1 is released it&nbsp; is able to bind to specific receptors found in&nbsp;&nbsp; various tissues throughout the body including our&nbsp; gastric cells cells in the pancreas which is the&nbsp;&nbsp; organ that releases insulin and the hypothalamus&nbsp; which is the area of the brain that regulates&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger and satiety so that feeling of fullness&nbsp; when glp1 binds to these receptors it number one&nbsp;&nbsp; helps the pancreas produce more insulin on its&nbsp; own number two Works to prevent the liver from&nbsp;&nbsp; releasing additional blood sugar that's already&nbsp; stored in the body and number three it's slowing&nbsp;&nbsp; down the rate of food leaving your stomach which&nbsp; we call delayed gastric emptying which means more&nbsp;&nbsp; time to break down carbohydrates so we're getting&nbsp; less spikes of blood sugar following our meals so&nbsp;&nbsp; not only does this reduce the sugar spikes but it&nbsp; also is making you feel Fuller faster so you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not eating as much per meal and here's where&nbsp; weight loss also comes in which is the fourth&nbsp;&nbsp; benefit glp1 also has activity in the brain that&nbsp; suppresses the appetite meaning you're eating&nbsp;&nbsp; less and you're feeling Fuller faster in fact&nbsp; this appetite suppression can be so significant&nbsp;&nbsp; I've seen patients tell me that they can barely&nbsp; get one meal in a day both Wegovy and Zepbound&nbsp;&nbsp; have glp1 Agonist effect but Zepbound has an&nbsp; additional hormone called Gip Gip stands for&nbsp;&nbsp; gastric inhibitory peptide in other translations&nbsp; but it's another hormone that has similar effects&nbsp;&nbsp; of gp1 and how it facilitates insulin production&nbsp; but one of the things that makes it different&nbsp;&nbsp; is that it actually stimulates the release of&nbsp; stored blood sugar in the event that someone's&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar drops too low essentially&nbsp; the addition of GIP to glp1 in Zepbound&nbsp;&nbsp; enhances the weight loss effect but provides a&nbsp; buffer to prevent blood sugar from falling too Now if you're a data nerd like me I included the&nbsp; data so let's talk about it in the clinical trials&nbsp;&nbsp; both Zepbound and Wegovy were tested in adult&nbsp; patients without diabetes who were classified&nbsp;&nbsp; as obese and they had an average participant&nbsp; weighing around 226 to 235lb When comparing the&nbsp;&nbsp; group that didn't take Wegovy to the group that&nbsp; did the Wegovy group showed an average 35 weight&nbsp;&nbsp; loss at the end of a 2-year study compared to a&nbsp; six pound weight loss in the group also known the&nbsp;&nbsp; placebo group of the adults that were just on&nbsp; a reduced caloric diet and an exercise regimen&nbsp;&nbsp; alone and that sounds substantial right well&nbsp; Zepbound studies showed that up to 48 pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; of weight loss was achieved on the max dosing&nbsp; compared to 7lbs for Placebo over the course of&nbsp;&nbsp; 17 months and we don't have a head head comparison&nbsp; study yet of Wegovy versus Zepbound but from these&nbsp;&nbsp; trials we can see that zepbound is leading the way&nbsp; in the weight loss race by approximately 13 lbs. Wegovy, also known as semaglutide, also&nbsp; known as Ozempic has been shown to have&nbsp;&nbsp; cardiovascular protection in folks&nbsp; with the history of heart attack or&nbsp;&nbsp; stroke however Zepbound which is ter&nbsp; eptide does not have this benefit. Wegovy comes in a pre-filled auto injector&nbsp; that is approximately $45 per dose and since&nbsp;&nbsp; these since these medications are dosed once a&nbsp; week a month supply would be approximately to&nbsp;&nbsp; $1,600 Z bound on the other hand has options it&nbsp; originally hit the market as a pre-filled auto&nbsp;&nbsp; injector as well for roughly $320 a dose which is&nbsp; approximately 1,300 a month however in an attempt&nbsp;&nbsp; to make more people buy the medication I mean to&nbsp; make the medication more affordable they recently&nbsp;&nbsp; announced that patients can get get zepbound for&nbsp; 40% of the original price if they want to drop&nbsp;&nbsp; their own dosing from a vile like the good old&nbsp; days when insulin first came on board bringing&nbsp;&nbsp; that monthly cost down to $480 still expensive&nbsp; but not as expensive while I'm here I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; the need to share a warning not many people are&nbsp; talking about if you or if you know of a sexually&nbsp;&nbsp; active woman of childbearing age who's on oral&nbsp; contraception and they're considering Zepbound&nbsp;&nbsp; or Mounjaro I need you to listen closely come on&nbsp; if you are not planning on reproducing the Earth&nbsp;&nbsp; anytime soon you may want to double up on your&nbsp; contraception in the initial weeks of starting&nbsp;&nbsp; Zepbound or Mounjaro the reason being is the&nbsp; active ingredient to tirzepatide has a special&nbsp;&nbsp; warning recommending patients who are using oral&nbsp; hormonal contraceptives that they should switch to&nbsp;&nbsp; either a non-oral contraceptive method or they&nbsp; should add a barrier method of contraception&nbsp;&nbsp; for 4 weeks after tirzepatide is started and&nbsp; for 4 weeks whenever the dose is increased. As a FYI I didn't cover all of the side&nbsp; effects and warnings that pertain to this&nbsp;&nbsp; drug class if you are interested in learning&nbsp; more I encourage you to check out my other&nbsp;&nbsp; video where I go more into how these&nbsp; drugs work side effects warnings and&nbsp;&nbsp; overall things to consider before starting&nbsp; these medications and because they're the&nbsp;&nbsp; same active ingredients information will&nbsp; apply you can find the link to that video&nbsp;&nbsp; in the description thank you for watching&nbsp; and if you enjoy this content and want to&nbsp;&nbsp; see more like it don't forget to hit that like&nbsp; And subscribe button I've got plenty of exciting&nbsp;&nbsp; videos planned and I love for you to be a part&nbsp; of this journey and I'm also new in YouTube so&nbsp;&nbsp; your support helps me grow all right that's it&nbsp; for me stay blessed and stay curious I'm out!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MizB88 [12 likes]: I’m one month in with Zepbound. This week I be moving from 2.5 to 5. I’m excited about my wellness journey!!
  2. @RooRain123 [8 likes]: Tirzepatide’s heart benefits are being studied, it’s unlikely that it doesn’t have effect on it.
  3. @Amber-bg1sc [7 likes]: I've been on ozempic for 4 months and I haven't lost anything.  10% of people have hair loss. Of course I'm in the 10%.
  4. @Melissa-SC73 [5 likes]: I’m on Wegovy not for type 2 diabetes. I’m on it because I gained a lot of weight in less than a year, previous CVA (mini stroke), chance of getting another mini stroke due to 2 new diagnosis I have. I don’t want another small stroke. I don’t want a stroke at all. I need to lose this weight.
  5. @biblebill6206 [3 likes]: Listen people !!! you do not want to take these weight loss drugs , they are horrific, terrible side effects over time . It's simple equation, you gain weight [ fat] when you take in more calories than you burn up[ exercise movement] and you lose weight when you burn up [exercise movement] more calories than you take in . There are no shortcuts, substitutes for discipline effort .  Just google side effects of those drugs study it, see for yourself . Strength training [lifting weights] "lowering" the weight "slow" is tremendous for losing fat .  Remember what you do "not" know, understand can ruin you  as a prophet of God related like 4000yrs ago  See Hosea 4 : 6 [Niv] bible
  6. @Ilovelife1436 [3 likes]: Love the way you explained it. Thank you my QUEEN 🫵🏽🫵🏽🫵🏽🫵🏽👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽🔥🔥🔥
  7. @benatural1306 [2 likes]: Excellent break down, thank you!
  8. @slast88 [2 likes]: This was excellent ❤❤❤
  9. @SweetyTweetyTweety [1 likes]: The skinny shots get people pregnant lol 😭
  10. @rubytuesday9881 [1 likes]: I've tried Wegovy and now I'm on ZEPBOUND...of course, I have side effects to everything and have noticed I feel like I did when I was taking Phentermine. The nausea can become unbearable at times and I also feel sleepy for a few days after injection. I've dropped 30 pounds so far and my energy has increased and the inflammation in my body has decreased. Granted, I HATE the side effects, but when you've tried everything and are desperate, these medications do work.
  11. @iLoveTheLetterD [1 likes]: Thank you YouTube algorithm for suggesting this channel 🎉 instant like and subscribe ❤️  I love talking about, hearing about all things improving my Health 🙌🏽
I'm gaining the courage to get my YouTube channel officially launched with weekly vlogs 🛐 #stayTuned
  12. @KeepingUpWithBarbie22 [1 likes]: Who’s here after learning that we go be is coming out in January 2026 with a daily pill? $150.00 per month
  13. @RollingwithRolo-o4j [1 likes]: Thank you great information
  14. @carlosmark9840 [1 likes]: Good video new subscriber
  15. @Pututu-x2r [1 likes]: Perfect 👌 Thank you for this info .. very helpful ❤❤
  16. @realvonusaur: Wrong.
  17. @JS-uh9hs: Been using that natural appetite suppressant called Squeegee by Radical Botanicals.  It completely crushes my appetite.
  18. @simplysimona4562: Awesome video! Thank you so much!!
  19. @jeffreyphillips1650: Well done, thank you!
  20. @metteh.j.4836: The REAL reason for the different names is mostly linked to insurance, national drug subsidizing and the need to distinguish between treatment of diabetes and obesity. Also FDA etc. local instances approval of the drug used for weight loss alone.
¤ Ozempic/Zepbound can/should then be subscribed for diabetes only (or certain BMI etc. according to local rules), probably with some kind of insurance or subsidizing scheme fitting the diagnosis.
¤ Wegovy/Mounjaro can be subscribed for weigthloss alone, with either a different or (more common) no reimbursement.


The distinguishment also helps ensure enough products for the diabetics, for whom a medication scarcity can have big health impacts. When the weight loss side effect was discovered, demand exploded more than could be met by production supply - opening the market TEMPORARILY for compounders in the US. Some of these compounders now uses manipulated dosages as a loophole to continue selling their copied products, which in turn undermine the business model and hence research performed in this area.

Not all diabetics can be subscribe Ozempic/Zepbound, if their older and cheaper treatment works for them. I'm ofc. speaking generally and with a global perspective here, well knowing that the rules differ and change.

FYI, I'm from Denmark, heart- and homeland of Novo Nordisk, who produces Victoza, Saxenda, Ozempic, Wegovy and the future pill CagriSema. In US the consumers price is around 6x-7x of ex. Denmark, NO subsidizing. It is due to a faulty healthcare system that drives prices up so several middlemen and insurance companies can profit, on the expense of the consumer. Don't blame Novo, blame your government!