- I Have Taken A GLP-1. I Want To Talk About Skinny Celebrities.: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm coming at you with this slightly unexpected {slash} unplanned video in our usual schedule and it's not quite one of my hot take iPhone videos because although I do love doing those and I have a lot of hot take type feelings on this subject, I also recognize that it's a topic that requires a lot of nuance and accuracy. So, I wanted to include a good amount of research and really think about what I was saying because we are going to talk about weight and bodies and eating disorders and just a lot of other things that can be [music] pretty to talk about. So, I want to start this video by giving a quick trigger warning that if anything related to bodies, weight, food, etc. is a sensitive topic for you as well as looking at some images of some quite frankly extremely thin celebrities, this is not the video for you. I will not be offended whatsoever if you take pack your suitcase and get out of here right now. This is your stop. But for the rest of us who feel at least reasonably comfortable with having this conversation, I do think it is a conversation that is extremely important to have and one that I think like many online conversations is just in a dire dire lack of nuance and I say that particularly as someone who has in the past taken a GLP-1. I am not currently taking one. I haven't taken any GLP-1 drugs for essentially the entirety of 2026 at this point. I'm not saying I would never take them again, but it's just not something I'm currently doing, but it is something I have done. So, I do think that I come at this subject both as someone who has taken these drugs before and also as someone who is on camera damn near every day for her actual job and I've talked about in a recent video here the impact that that can sometimes have on mental health as far as it pertains to appearance and the image that we're selling because unfortunately anytime part of your brand proposition is being physically visible to people, unfortunately your looks are kind of part of that brand proposition. with all of that in mind, I do have I think somewhat of a nuanced take on this issue that I would like to share and just generally I think it's a conversation that is worth having from a place of good faith and not sensationalism. Before I get to this video, which again, I hope you will bear with me because I know it's a very sensitive topic, but I tried to approach it with as much nuance as I could. Before we get to it, I just want to reiterate, we do not work with many brands here. We try to be very very careful about what we promote and make sure that it is by and large financial products that we use and trust and swear by. If you have been wanting to get better with your money and you want to support us, we try to to run a very ethical business. We are woman-owned and operated. We are very transparent in how we operate. We're very fair in our pay structures, profit sharing, 6 weeks PTO, 4-day work week, all of that. If you want to help support us and you want to better your own finances, we recommend Monarch. It is my budgeting app. It is the one I started using even before we were working with them when I was looking for a Mint replacement. You can using our link get a free trial and half off of your first year. Cannot recommend it more. It is a genuinely wonderful budgeting app for essentially all of your day-to-day financial needs. Betterment, if you are looking to start investing, but don't really know how to do it, it is an extremely easy to use robo advisory that just basically you set it and forget it and you can benefit from all of the long-term wealth building of investing in the stock market without really having to do anything or know anything about the stock market because let's be very clear, you should not be out here individual stock picking. You should just be broadly diversified in the low-fee index funds and let it ride. Use our link below. And lastly, if you are looking to level up your finances and use a financial advisor, which I've been doing for several years now, we highly recommend advisor.com. They are a wonderful team. We do tons of ongoing education with them every quarter, free financial education for our audience. They are also a flat fee advisory service, which means that they work for you and not for commissions and everyone pays the same regardless of their net worth and they're just yeah, a really good company and we wholeheartedly endorse them. All three are linked below. Let's get to the video. But to give you a little bit of context if you are out of the loop and if you are, God bless you, stay that way forever. Never Google anything. But basically, there has been I would say nothing short of an epidemic of celebrities looking really weird. There's been a little bit of everything in terms of celebrities no longer looking very recognizable and I should also say that this is increasingly kind of a gender neutral phenomenon. Some of you guys may have seen the recent kerfuffle around Jim Carrey appearing on a red carpet not looking like himself. I will actually reference co-host of Good Noticeings and former guest on TFD Ashley Hamilton who had a great Tik Tok about this the other day that I'll put here basically just saying it's really noteworthy that when a woman shows up on a red carpet looking very unlike herself, we just exoriate her for being a victim of vanity and beauty culture and when a man does, you get headlines like this. People speculating on whether or not this man is a clone or is using a body double or things like that. I think the answer is almost certainly no. Jim Carrey has not been cloned. Jim Carrey is not an alien. He probably just got some work done like many people in Hollywood around his age and it doesn't look all that great. Not dissimilar to someone like a Bradley Cooper for example. But while this is definitely an increasingly gender neutral phenomenon and a lot of the celebrity appearance discourse is centered around their face and often attempts to look younger than their actual age, a huge part of this conversation is around celebrities, for lack of a better word, looking skinny as hell. As we can see in some of these photos, some of the celebrities that we are seeing look just frankly quite frightening, quite visibly ill, are people who used to be heavier and in many cases were just brutally mocked by the press and by the public for daring to be a visible person while overweight. You also have the other side, which are famous people who have sort of always been thin while they've been in the public eye, but are now at a level of thinness that seems like we are if anything days away from hospitalization. You in that category have cases like Bella Hadid who is very frequently posting photos from the hospital ostensibly for chronic Lyme disease, which is a digression I will not go on on this video because I am not trying to fight with the quote-unquote chronic Lyme warriors on here. But let's just say that is a very dubious diagnosis at best and those of us who watched The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills from its inception when her mother was a cast member for several seasons, we know how far the Hadid mother Yolanda Foster went to ingrain disordered behavior in her daughters and basically admonish them for eating anything over than a handful of almonds on a daily basis. So, suffice to say Bella Hadid's very frightening recent appearance and the fact that she is frequently in the hospital, I am not personally from a common sense POV comfortable entirely chalking up to quote-unquote chronic Lyme disease. But that's its own story. Point being celebrities are getting extremely thin before our very eyes. Sometimes starting from a place of thinness, sometimes not. And to be clear, being skinny as kind of an aspirational or attractive state has gone in and out of fashion over the years and over the centuries. It isn't new necessarily for the rich and famous to want to look very thin. But what has been consistent whether or not skinny happened to be in vogue is that what is generally considered to be very aspirational for the elite is what is less achievable for the general population. Quote, "Throughout history, the beauty standard of any given period has served the ideological interests of the ruling class. During the Renaissance, plump pale skin was a prized signifier of high social status while sun-darkened skin became synonymous with lower classes laboring outside. Today, however, the same tanned complexion is desirable coming as it has in the West to indicate leisure time, holidaying abroad, and the luxury of disposable income." But what's interesting in the very recent years is that with being thin becoming slightly more accessible than it has in the past with the rise of GLP-1 drugs, one might argue that what has become aspirational among celebrities is not just being thin, which has kind of been the case ever since we've seen a serious uptick in obesity in not just our country, but the Western world, but being obscenely thin, much thinner than even the average person could hope to become. Because as we'll get into a little bit later in this video, it is very very unlikely that for a lot of these celebrities who are maintaining dangerously low BMIs that it is simply a question of quote-unquote Ozempic. What's also true about our current moment and the beauty standards that come with it is that we are not existing in a vacuum of what happens to be published in magazines or appear in films and television. We are living out celebrities' appearances in real time on a second-to-second basis on these extremely unforgiving and algorithmically driven platforms. Places like Tik Tok where constant body checking and weight loss driven quote-unquote glow-ups are essentially a hallmark of the genre. I won't name any of them because it honestly feels like punching laterally in a video on YouTube like this, but I can think of so many influencers off the top of my head and I'm sure you can too whose like first order of business on getting a certain level of fame or income on their platform is just dropping an enormous amount of weight and getting a ton of cosmetic procedures done. And this is not to say that that is wrong inherently. That is very much playing the game and I understand why they do it. Trust me, I have to see myself on camera all the time. I know the feeling. But it's also just worth noting that like this is the context we are living in where we are being scrutinized on a second-to-second basis and often unfortunately what is rewarded is just managing to look as thin and as young as is plausibly possible. But again, even that is on a razor's edge, which we'll discuss in a second. We're also in an epidemic of things like what I eat in a day videos where incredibly thin young college students will post about the things that they get to eat at their campus cafeteria in between incredibly intense cardio workouts. And these are also platforms which are unprecedentedly young. The average TikTok user is literally a teenager, and these are the platforms where a lot of these celebrities are appearing and building their brands and interacting with their audiences. They're competing against children in many cases. And they're on that razor's edge that I mentioned, whether it's with the anti-aging stuff or the weight loss stuff, where if it goes well and looks good, like let's say a really good facelift, you are celebrated for it. But anyone who gets work that is slightly off or not as well done or not as successful gets excoriated for it, even though in both cases you're getting work done. The same can be said for weight loss. There is a very, very, very fine line between what we consider to be like body serving tea, the glow up is real, etc., and someone who looks like they need to be in a hospital. And anytime someone, especially a woman, but as we can see this happens with men, too. Anytime someone steps over that invisible line, they are completely fair game to mock and humiliate. But as it pertains to celebrity weight loss, I want to talk specifically about the GLP-1 of it all. Because basically anytime you will see a video of a celebrity looking scary thin on social media, all of the top comments will be like, "Ozempic hit her like a train." Or like, "The Ozempic is Ozempicing." Or whatever the case may be. Basically, people chalking that weight loss up to the use of a GLP-1 drug. The implication, of course, being that people who are already thin are overwhelmingly using these drugs to get down to really unhealthy weights. There's also historically been a kind of uh socio-economic or ethical with this in the sense that for a time GLP-1 drugs were actually in shortage of production. And so there was an argument that the people who could afford to pay really high premiums for them were taking them away from, let's say, diabetic patients who actually needed them. But since the 2nd of October, 2024, quote, "The US Food and Drug Administration has determined the shortage of tirzepatide injection, a glucagon-like peptide medication, has been resolved. Tirzepatide injection had been in shortage since 2022 due to increased demand." So you could at least say that the rich and famous aren't quote-unquote taking these drugs away from people who really need them. But now we kind of have the opposite problem, which is like the hyper-ubiquity of these drugs. They are incredibly saturated in advertising. Many of you probably saw basically endless advertisements for them during the summer Olympics, including promotions from athletes who openly admit to not even using them. You have celebrities like Serena Williams doing massive ad campaigns for GLP-1. In her case, her husband is actually an investor in the company she was promoting, so that's also a little bit ethically complicated. There are essentially countless B2B startups and apps that will easily connect whoever wants GLP-1s with the drug. And now that they are increasingly available in pill form, they're becoming even easier and, in many people's view, more socially acceptable to take. There was actually a really interesting article in The Cut recently about this, about the impact that GLP-1s being available as a pill rather than a shot will have on people taking them. Quote, "Over and over women told me that these pills gave them permission to enter the world of medical weight loss." Tara said that taking them feels like one step beyond going to Dwayne Reed and buying vitamins. The 42-year-old has PCOS and read that GLP-1s might help with symptoms like infertility, high blood sugar, and inflammation. Another woman, Jill, told me that she likes that the pill is more discreet than the injections that she was taking. She no longer has to hide vials and needles from her housecleaner or someone that she's dating. Quote, "I don't want some guy opening my refrigerator and seeing my diet pens," she says. "It's embarrassing." Intellectually and practically, I do understand why there is increasingly a backlash against these drugs, right? Because they're being very heavily marketed to Americans, but also women specifically. I also should say I'm in France currently, and although the marketing for these drugs is not the same because, unlike in the US, which is the wild, wild west in terms of pharmaceutical advertising, there are very, very heavy restrictions around that. GLP-1s are quite prevalent here. I know many people in France who have taken them or are on them. So I just want to clarify it's not an American exclusive issue, but it definitely is much more prevalent in our culture, both because of our relationship, I think, to things like obesity and type 2 diabetes, but also because we're allowed to advertise the hell out of drugs, which, I want to be clear, I think should be illegal for any type of pharmaceutical, but that's a different story. But so you have their ubiquity, and you have this sudden-seeming epidemic of insanely, insanely thin celebrities essentially dominating our social media feeds. So I do understand why there is a backlash. This is where I do want to say, as I mentioned, I did last year take a GLP-1 and had an extremely positive experience with it. I did an entire 8-minute video about this on my TikTok last year, where I broke down my experience and also just a transparency around it, because I did not lose an enormous amount of weight, in part because I had never gained a huge amount of weight to begin with. I basically went from being about 25-ish pounds over what had historically been my normal weight for almost a decade to going back down to what had always been my regular size and fitting back into my clothes. At no point throughout this process was I ever medically underweight or anywhere close to it. I was briefly medically overweight, but the the range was not huge for me, but I did still feel like a, I just want to be a transparent person with my platform always, whether that's to do with my money or any kind of cosmetic interventions or weight loss or anything like that. I think it's kind of my responsibility, especially as someone who does have this public platform and really advocates for transparency in media, but also specifically because I didn't want someone to say, "Oh, I think Chelsea looks like she's lost a little bit of weight since last year. I wonder how she did it." and not have the full picture of the truth. Now, if you want to get a full breakdown of my experience on a GLP-1, it is linked in the description. I don't want to go on an 8-minute digression about it here. But suffice to say, I'm someone, I've mentioned many times on the channel, who has historically dealt with anxiety, and I went through some incredibly stressful times over the past few years, specifically to do with my business and it being really struggling. We're in a good place now. We give it up to God, thank God. But in all seriousness, my way of coping in that moment with serious anxiety was to really, really, really heavily binge eat sugar. That has always been a problem for me, and it really flared up, especially in like the 2022 to 2024 time period. And I felt really debilitated by it, kind of ashamed of it. It was a really, really vicious cycle, and for those who are not super familiar with GLP-1 drugs, one of the really interesting impacts they have is a profound effect on any kind of compulsive behavior or even anxiety-driven behavior. A lot of people who take these drugs report that they lose interest in things like drinking, smoking cigarettes, gambling, online shopping, really anything that's being used to kind of artificially regulate your nervous system or give you quick dopamine hits. That was certainly my case. I basically stopped binge eating sugar overnight. But I essentially also reduced all of my other bad habits, and even though I've not been taking these drugs um for about 4 months now, I still feel those effects. Like I'm still not really that interested in binge eating or doing anything that is kind of a self-soothing measure. From that perspective, I joked in my TikTok that I feel like a GLP-1 is the only thing in my life that has ever like genuinely cured [clears throat] my anxiety, which is somewhat tongue-in-cheek, but having taken a lot of pharmaceuticals over the years, not for many years now, but especially in the early days of being diagnosed with generalized anxiety, nothing has ever had the benefits uh except for one other thing that I can't really talk about on here cuz it's For those who have read uh How to Change Your Mind, but you'll get what I'm talking about. But anyway, um suffice to say, it has been hugely impactful in a positive way for me. And yes, weight loss was part of it. Like I said, I had been at a relatively stable weight for the better part of a decade, ballooned up in a relatively short period of time, felt uncomfortable all the time, couldn't wear any of my clothes, and I was really happy to have some help in getting back down to the size I had always been and and feeling more comfortable in my body. It also helped kickstart a lot of really, really healthy habits for me that have continued. Like like I said, I'm not taking them currently, but I still get these days between 15 and 20,000 steps a day, which is kind of crazy. Um but it's been very helpful for energy levels, you know, maintaining a healthy relationship to hunger cues, and just generally I sleep better. Like I can't I could list forever the benefits that I felt from these drugs. Your mileage may vary, but I can say quite certainly that having been Oh, and I was, just for clarity, not on Ozempic. I was on Mounjaro, but whatever. I can just say though that for me, I know many people who have taken these drugs, some who disclose, some who don't, but that's another story. Pretty much universally, I've never heard someone have a negative experience with them. I don't doubt that they exist, and for some people there are more serious side effects than others. I didn't really have any. But I will just say, like especially with people who have really historically struggled with things like weight loss, PCOS, compulsive eating, or other compulsive behaviors, like these drugs do feel miraculous and genuinely help a lot of people live much healthier lives. So I say all that to say, when you see a photo of an extremely unhealthy celebrity who was already at a normal or underweight BMI to begin with suddenly becoming extremely thin, the fact that our first comment is something like Ozempic or what have you, it feels a bit frustrating and disingenuous to me because A, to be very clear, when you look at the larger data around GLP-1 drugs, far and away, these are not being used by already skinny people to get insanely skinny. That is not how these drugs are being used in aggregate, first of all, because there aren't that many skinny people in America to begin with, but even still, like most people are using them to either get to or stay within a healthy weight range, period. Let's start there. And it's also very helpful for them overall in terms of living a healthier life. But I also think it's extremely naive to assume that celebrities who are getting and staying really thin are doing it exclusively or even primarily through GLP-1s. Lest we forget, many other drugs have historically been abused in order to stay thin, some of which are other types of pharmaceuticals that are being used off-label, such as amphetamines, which are, let's be clear, still very popular amongst the unhealthy weight loss set, but also illegal street drugs that also help you stay very thin. There's also standard issue disordered eating, which can these drugs be a part of? Absolutely, but are not necessarily required to do. And I think that there sometimes can be an unfair extra speculation on GLP-1s in particular about, well, some people are abusing them, so they're sort of inherently not good or should inherently be regarded with judgment or skepticism. I would disagree and say that the potential for misuse is there with essentially every category of drug, and I don't think a drug's efficacy or value to the people who take them in a healthy way should be judged by the people who abuse them. Again, [clears throat] even assuming that these ultra-thin celebs are exclusively getting there via Ozempic or whatever. But anyway, all of that is to say, to me, that is often the first part of nuance that is deeply missing from this conversation that's either like idolizing ultra-thinness, which we're going to discuss here, but many people very much still do, or really demonizing and stigmatizing these weight loss drugs, which I think is just not really fair to do, either. Especially when you consider, and this is the other area where I fear we are missing nuance, and I'm like a little bit treading lightly here because I don't want to get canceled, but we also have to acknowledge what is currently happening in America from a health perspective and the backdrop against which this is all occurring. I'm just going to have to say this, I know that some people are going to really flip out on me in the comments, but there's really no way to have this part of the conversation without acknowledging that obesity in America is a thing, it is a problem, it leads to really devastating health outcomes for all kinds of people, and has been increasing over the past, let's say, 40-ish years. If you don't accept that that is true, I we just can't find any common ground on this part of the conversation, but at least to some extent, the data doesn't lie here. It's also worth noting that there have been recent efforts to change how we categorize obesity because BMI, as many people have pointed out, is actually not a sufficient marker of overall health in relationship to the amount of fat that we have, but unfortunately, in making those criteria more nuanced and more inclusive of different ways that unhealthy levels of adipose tissue can negatively impact the human body, by those metrics, America actually has more of a problem. Quote, "We already thought we had an obesity epidemic, but this is astounding," said co-first author Lindsey Forman, a Mass General endocrinologist and an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School. "Traditionally, obesity has been defined by BMI, which estimates body fat based on a person's weight and height. But other anthropomorphic measures, such as weight circumference, waist-to-height ratio, or waist-to-hip ratio, may further account for fat distribution and aid in differentiation between muscle and fat mass. Under this new framework, a person is classified as having obesity if they have a high BMI plus at least one elevated anthropometric measure, a condition the authors term BMI plus anthropometric obesity, or if they have a normal BMI and at least two elevated anthropometric measures, a condition termed anthropometric-only obesity. Obesity prevalence was 68.6% with the new definition versus 42.9% under the traditional BMI-based definition. This increase was entirely driven by inclusion of individuals with anthropometric-only obesity. Obesity rates varied by sex, race, and especially by age, affecting nearly 80% of adults over 70. And I want to say here that I think part of the reason that this conversation gets so convoluted with regards to obesity and the impact that it has on American health is because it has historically been so moralized and so full of judgment and stigma and shame. And I want to acknowledge that, at least for me, one of the most valuable parts of taking a GLP-1, or what I've seen in terms of conversations with other people who have also taken these drugs, is it really makes so clear, so quickly, how much this is not a character flaw. This is not a personal issue. This is not a lack of willpower. This is a result of living in an environment for prolonged periods of time that is really designed to make people unhealthy and to keep them unhealthy because it's very lucrative to do so. Something that we know, but I think often don't necessarily put language to, is that obesity is much, much more complex than just a lack of willpower, and it is arguably much more driven by the impact on hormones, metabolism, and brain function that we get from eating specifically so many ultra-processed foods in America. It is also impacted by things like our extremely sedentary culture, heavily reliant on cars, sitting constantly, etc. But ultra-processed foods really are one of the things in America that we can directly point to and say, like, these are making us very unhealthy, even compared to other wealthy Western nations. Quote, "Overall, about 55% of total calories consumed by Americans aged one or older came from ultra-processed foods, according to one report. For adults, ultra-processed food made up about 53% of total calories consumed, but for kids through age 18, it was nearly 62%. The top sources included burgers and sandwiches, sweet baked goods, savory snacks, pizza, and sweetened drinks. This is not to say that these foods are the exclusive reason why we're suffering so many downstream negative health impacts, including obesity and related issues, but it is an enormous part of the problem because, quite literally, these foods are designed, in a literal laboratory, to be addictive, to make it very difficult to eat or focus on or be sated by other things. They are designed to be addictive in the way drugs are designed to be addictive, and we can see that their impact on the brain is very similar to that of a drug. And so, it's really important to say that, like, Americans who are overwhelmingly dealing with the negative impacts of being addicted to these foods, and, people, we've all been there, myself included, need to both acknowledge that that is not a personal failing, that is the system working as it was designed to, but it doesn't mean that it's not a problem, and it doesn't mean that getting treatment for that problem or moving away from that problem is not a healthy thing. So, I think the other area of nuance that we've been really missing in this conversation is, like, when you look at scale on, no pun intended, of what America's problem actually is, like, where we're really seeing the most disastrous outcomes for the largest amount of people, like, it is overwhelmingly not people being too thin. Like, that does exist, and having it in the public eye, especially when we are still dealing with an obesity crisis of this magnitude, like, it does increasingly feel like a very sinister performance on the part of a few rich, famous, beautiful elites to sort of demonstrate how much restraint that they can exercise in the face of just an overwhelming availability of really, really, really unhealthy, foods, but that is not the average problem here. I also want to note that, like, there's something so particularly sinister, given America's really troublesome relationship with ultra-processed foods, how much these visibly extremely underweight celebrities try to seem relatable via pretending to eat these foods all the time. Like, Probably a pizza at least once a day. Celebrities on red carpets, like, going out of their way to gorge themselves on a burger so they seem funny, even though they've undoubtedly been starving themselves for weeks leading up to the red carpet so they looked as perfect as possible in the photos. Like, grotesque, utterly grotesque. I completely understand why it elicits such a visceral reaction in us and why it feels so offensive and so insulting to our intelligence and why it's easy to focus on these ultra-thin celebrities, but I do think we cannot lose focus on the fact that that is a different problem. It is not not a problem. It is also not the biggest problem, and just because they exist does not mean we need to lean into the extreme of therefore demonizing anything that is helpful to weight loss. Like, those two things, to me, can coexist. Like, yes, some people can be very publicly unhealthy about weight loss, and weight loss is not inherently a bad thing. Targeted weight loss is not always an indicator of vanity, {question mark} or wanting to be unhealthy, or wanting to perform a certain type of beauty in a certain type of way. Like I I think we can separate those two things and also note that the scale of those two problems is different. It just is. I also want to acknowledge, although I'm not going to get really into it in this video because we actually have a whole video about it coming later this month about specifically the impact of BMI on earning potential because that is a whole other thing. Like women are very much punished for being overweight and it is absolutely not lost on me that part of the reason it is so valuable for celebrities, people in the public eye to be thin, especially very very thin, is because of that correlation with their perceived value and their earning potential because basically no industry is as fake it till you make it as the entertainment industry. And I know like to quote American Beauty, one must project an image of success at all times in order to be successful and it would be dishonest not to mention that again, especially for women, thinness is very much correlated with being perceived as successful, affluent, etc. a bit of a chicken or the egg scenario because growing up very thin is also heavily correlated with socioeconomic status. So, there's a lot to unpack there, but I do just want to acknowledge that like there is a big class implication to performing thinness. But again, on average, that is not the more prevalent problem in the US. All of that said though, the last place where I fear we are just like allergic to nuance is this conversation around it not being okay to comment on someone's body. To me the perfect example of this was the interminable, interminable Wicked press tour where we had essentially two full years of having to watch a a cast where every woman on that cast was getting dangerously, dangerously thin in front of our eyes, including people beyond our two stars, although a lot of the attention was focused on the two main actresses in that movie. And there was just like a lot of generally strange, confusing behavior happening on that press tour period, but then also there was this never-ending cycle of discourse. It would essentially be like, "They look extremely thin. It's very worrisome." Followed by, "Don't comment on their bodies." Followed by, "Is it actually feminist to acknowledge when women are disappearing in front of us?" Followed by, "Actually, it's feminist to be any size we want to and if they're happy, we're happy." And so on and so forth. Like never-ending. As a feminist who really dislikes a lot of {quote} choice feminism, and a good example in this case of {quote} choice feminism would be like, "Actually, if a woman wants to be dangerously underweight in the public eye for years on end, that's her feminist choice and she should slay." And it's actually chic or whatever. Like I That to me is complete nonsense and very dangerous, especially for young girls. I think the {quote} feminist take on the issue of what to do with especially women who are performing extreme, dangerous thinness in the public eye on a constant basis is probably pretty muddy in the sense that A, I do think that we are on average much more critical of women's appearances and don't hold men to the same standard, although as I mentioned at the beginning of this video, I do think it's increasingly becoming a pretty gender-neutral thing of like, "If you look bad on a red carpet, let's say, and you specifically look bad in a way that seems as though you tried to look better and failed, which is often what we're talking about here, you will get ripped to shreds." And I guess in the case of men, you'll be accused of being a body double or a clone. And in the case of women, you'll just be accused of being a a vain, miserable But regardless, it would be dishonest not to acknowledge that we definitely focus more on women's appearances than men's. True. However, I do think that it is very disingenuous and unhealthy and dangerous to normalize, let alone to glamorize, women being very visibly, dangerously underweight. Like one area where I will not engage with like the I guess theoretically progressive nonsense is like pretending I don't have basic common sense and acknowledging that like, "Hey, this woman who's dangerously underweight is obviously dangerously underweight." Like people saying like, "We don't know what she's We don't know what's healthy for her, blah blah." Yes, we do. Yes, we do. When a woman is my my height, I'm almost 5'7. If she's on a red carpet, clearly in the like the 85 to 95-lb range, like she is very unhealthy, she is sick. Like I'm not going to participate in the absolute nonsense that is pretending we don't know what's right in front of our eyes. Let's start there. I think it is important to acknowledge what is reality and what is common sense. And someone might come into this and then say, "Well, how is that any different from pointing out when a woman is really overweight and acknowledging that for what it is and acknowledging that that is often unhealthy or can have negative health implications?" Let's also put our thinking caps on here and acknowledge the fact that one of those two things, being visibly underweight and being visibly overweight, is heavily valorized and reinforced in our society. One of those things is already considered aspirational and the other one is not. As we've discussed, and I didn't even read the quote cuz it's really long, but I'll link this study in our description, you can see a very clear tie, again, more for women than for men, on being overweight having a very negative impact on your perception, other people's implicit bias of you, your earning potential, etc. Period, end of story. We also relentlessly mock and scrutinize women who dare to be overweight in public. In fact, when you look at some of like the most aggressively thin celebrities now, many of them were people who were previously relentlessly mocked for being overweight. See also Kelly Osbourne. Like it is so disingenuous to pretend as though being underweight and being overweight have the same implications in terms of how we perceive them as a society. One of them, aka being overweight, is already torn to shreds and negatively viewed. So, pointing that out further, scrutinizing that further, is essentially just piling on. It's punching down. It's kicking someone when they're down. Like it is unnecessary because that point is already being made 24/7. Conversely, a woman being extremely thin is celebrated, is normalized, is reinforced socially, financially, and all of the above. I watched almost every season of Emily in Paris, or as I call it Cocomelon for adults. At no point in that show was anyone ever addressing the fact that Lily Collins is visibly, scarely, upsettingly underweight. It was celebrated. She was Carrie Bradshaw chic wearing all of those high-fashion looks that would have probably been perceived as I mean, they were ridiculous on her, too, but would have been perceived as unforgivable on someone who didn't have a very visibly underweight BMI. Like being underweight is considered aspirational. Diva. It's only when we reach the absolute extremes of it, tip over that very invisible line that we talked about at the beginning, that people start to take any kind of an issue with it. And then people relentlessly mock the person who was trying to achieve that thinness. So, I don't think it's in any way comparable to comment honestly on one and be more sensitive to the other. I think that's just about acknowledging the reality of the society that we live in. Because let's put it simply, young women, young impressionable girls are not giving themselves debilitating, lifelong mental health and physical health disorders in the pursuit of being overweight. They're doing it in the reverse, but they're not doing it to be overweight. Does that happen occasionally? Yes. Is there another problem with getting into all kinds of negative feedback loops with health that lead to being overweight or obese? Absolutely. But that is not an aspirational thing to do. It's not It's not what we're looking at when we see those aspirational, ultra-thin college girls doing their what I eat in a day videos. Only one is considered a slay. And I am aware that even by making this video, I am participating in the {quote} discourse of commenting on a woman's body. And so be it. Because I think at some point these very intentionally evasive platitudes about like, "Healthy looks different on everyone." Or "We don't know what someone's doing." Or "Let's not comment on bodies." is being used as a cover and as a whitewashing to market and sell and glamorize incredibly sick individuals who are making it seem aspirational to be sick. To take it back to the Wicked press tour, so much of the discourse was, "Look how scary they look. Look how upsetting this is. Are they okay? Are they going in and out of the hospital? What's going on?" Meanwhile, every magazine had a glamorous photo shoot with them in designer couture. Every red carpet was stopping in its tracks to photograph them. In every way, them being at the precipice of serious, serious illness was being celebrated and was being perceived as beautiful and luxurious and aspirational. And it only becomes easier to do that when any rightful conversation around what is happening with their bodies is shut down out of hand because you can't comment on a woman's body. Or they can gaslight us in real time by telling us that they're actually healthy, they've never been healthier. They're eating cheeseburgers and salmon rice bowls and a slice of chocolate cake for dessert. No, you are not because we are not idiots. And we as women are not going to be fed this nonsense and told that if we in any way question it that we're just being misogynist. No, actually, I think I'm being if anything protective over the many young, impressionable girls who are scrolling skinny talk as we speak looking for tips on how to look like these sick women. Because trust me, every in my opinion, terrifying photo that we looked at at the beginning of this video of these women looking visibly, scarely ill, those can easily be found on any thinspo page on any of your favorite um social media platforms. Young girls find this aspirational and they want to learn how to do it. I'm going to end this video by saying the following. It is completely right and valid and in my opinion, a normal human reaction to be utterly terrified at the rise of female celebrities looking beyond ill on the red carpet and not being normalized or celebrated. Yes, I think it is also disingenuous and unfair and at best incomplete to blame that on GLP-1s entirely or to stigmatize that entire class of drugs as a result of some people misusing them. Period. Third, we are still in a situation in America where the vast majority of Americans barely have access to healthy food. Let's start there and are being constantly pushed the food that will addict us and make us sick and keep us on the hook for incredibly declining health outcomes, especially as we age. And by the way, you don't necessarily have to be an overweight or obese BMI to be suffering from a lot of these ill health outcomes. And on the flip side, being really thin, especially in the way a lot of these women are doing it, has absolutely nothing to do with health and is the opposite of health. Orthorexia be damned. But, that is also part of it. And it is not inherently misogynist to remark on when women are marketing and glamorizing an extremely unhealthy ideal. And it is not the same thing as mocking a woman for daring to be overweight in the public space. Those are two very different things. I think all of these things can coexist. All of them can have nuance and we can use our common sense for every step of that process. But, that at least partially means shutting down the nonsense, shutting down the gaslighting, and shutting down the intentional dishonesty around what's actually happening on both sides of the extremes. Anyway, guys, uh thank you for bearing with me through that real minefield of a topic. I hope you guys won't be that mad at me. I sense some of you will, >> [music] >> but I'll live with it. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialdiet [4400 likes]: Howdy squad!

As expected, cruel comments are already rolling in about my choice to take these drugs (including accusing me of lying, which is sort of crazy when I could have just said nothing at all)! I don't regret taking them, nor do I regret disclosing it, because I believe we live in a social media-driven epidemic of dishonesty and lies by omission, and weight loss is a huge part of that problem. I will always err on the side of transparency, even about really sensitive things that open me up to mockery.

I do, however, want to make one observation: I have said in the past -- and repeated in this video -- that I have tried on many, many drugs for anxiety over the years. These drugs often run high risks for dependency and abuse, and are often misused recreationally. Some of them even result in weight loss, and are abused for those reasons. But no pharmaceutical I've ever taken has been as met with judgment and cruelty like a GLP-1, even though that one worked by far most effectively for some of my worst anxiety-induced habits. 

Our overwhelming problem in terms of implicit bias in the US is against fat people, I will never deny that. But I also think we need to examine how harshly some of us judge anyone who expresses a desire to lose weight, and how much vanity and duplicity we ascribe to that choice, especially for women. We can reject the glorification of ultra-thinness while still accepting that weight loss is healthy for some people, or that weight gain may be downstream of other problems. And medicine can be part of that process, just like it is for countless other ailments! 

TL;DR, please fucking chill out.

Love (most of) you guys,
C
  2. @HurricaneIrene-j7y [1 likes]: As a 70 year old, I genuinely see skinning scrawny women with no muscle tone and no fat on their face as very old looking. Especially if they are bent over.  carrying a little bit of weight can soften features, fill out facial lines, and create flattering curves.
  3. @joyofcookies: 35:58 I’ve always been on the larger side and am now heavily overweight. I want to lose weight to be more healthy as I age.  But I’ve seen friends lose weight and instantly get better social treatment. They see it and hate it. And I don’t want to give society the opportunity to treat me differently once I lose weight. I’m dreading the “applause” I’ll get for FINALLY losing weight. I’d rather stay fat and make people see me as human despite my grotesque-ness 🙄
  4. @nancyinboise2160: Interesting your comments about men's appearance versus women's and the criticism. When I tuned into Wheel of Fortune months ago and saw Ryan Seacrest I about fell out of my chair. His face is extremely gone and hollowed out. My immediate thought was too much weight loss or that he was really ill with some kind of serious disease and the treatment was causing it. There's been very little in the media about it when you Google it, which makes me think again like you said it's because he's male. Also as someone who's older than you are I remember growing up and hearing the phrase "you can never be too rich or too thin". I remember the mega wealthy and politically powerful women like Jackie Kennedy always looking like they were borderline anorexic
  5. @aqkslsoszn: It's important to note the fact that obesity is not the problem in and of itself, it is very very often a symptom of another problem. The obesity epidemic is certainly a mislabeled term that is missing this fact. There are side effects of being fat, but the reason a lot of people are fat is due to some other factor: diet, amount of movement, underlying disease or infection, etc.
  6. @vb19-h8k: I don’t get why people are so against the ubiquity of these drugs because the vast majority of Americans are overweight or obese, so the vast majority qualify. I can’t really think of many other prescription drugs that the vast majority of people qualify for.
  7. @Alvi-pz9fm: I've had both anorexia and binge eating disorder for my entire life and been on both ends of the spectrum, life threateningly underweight (heart failure) and also very overweight. It's definitely a hugely different experience to be overweight than it is to be underweight. Not once did anyone mock me or hate on me for being extremely thin, it was either compliments or concern. I think this extreme thinness that we're seeing now is possibly even worse than the 90s heroin chic that I grew up with. I'm very very worried for young girls growing up seeing this as aspirational.
  8. @ELee7561: Yeah. This was goooood. And SO needed. Wonderful job
  9. @Emmygedden: From someone who lived with lyme disease FOR MOST OF MY LIFE what you said abot chronic lyme not being "real" is extremely incorrect. Scientifically we know lyme will be chronic if not treated! 
What is wrong with you? I thought the people pushing this misinformation was on the downturn.
I was able to get treatment after college and we cleared the lyme out in 3 years. It was gone, I was feeling great. 
Then I developed me/cfs, an autoimmune disease (best hypothesis) that is a reaction of the immune system that never stopped fighting the disease and have turned on their body.
Or do you not believe in me/cfs either? I suppose long covid is a hoax to you too?
You are spreading extremely harmful misinformation and are part of the reason I grew up thinking chronic pain was normal. 
And didn't get treatment for half a decade (after I figured it out) because my doctor aslo didn't believe in chronic lyme, eveything can be cured with diet and exercise, the exercise is painful? Your not exercising enough. Diet didn't help, must be not dieting correctly or I'm lying about your diet. Loose more weight or we won't take you seriously sounds very familiar. 
I might not have such a bad case of me/cfs if I was allowed to get treatment sooner. Honestly living with the lyme was easier than this.
The fact you know this is a controversy and not following the science screams malicious ignorance, are you against vaccines too?
  10. @carriehagstrom9777: Found this to be a really insightful discussion!
  11. @zatoichi-64: another hypocrite bites the dust
  12. @charliesangels1995: I don’t think I would call it sinister on the part of these celebrities. I think it’s important to know that they’re also humans and that the more likely scenario is that they’re suffering from eating disorders from the same pressure that we all face but even more so because they’re in the public eye all the time being scrutinized for their looks.
  13. @vyleplumes: My PCOS (now PMOS) caused a lot of issues with my body, not just my weight. The insulin resistance made me feel like I was starving, constantly starving, no amount of food was enough. I spent all of my time trying to not binge and I don't mean "oh, i had ice cream and pizza today" I mean I was so desperate to make the starvation feeling stop I couldn't stop eating. My weight was making me pull joints just from sleeping, I had to treat yeast infections forming in my belly button area because of the weight sealing sweat (and yes I bathed). I was only 200 lbs, only 200 lbs. I made sure I dropped my weight slowly and after two years i'm at 160 lbs. I could have gone faster, I chose not to and took breaks from weight loss in between to allow my body to adjust and redistribute fat. There's people and providers allowing abuse of this medication and that's what the problem is.
  14. @LadyVTavora: 💚
  15. @c38585: Friendly reminder that fatphobia is rooted in racism.
  16. @icebergchey: Loved this video! Nothing you said was controversial to me. This silent acceptance of being unhealthily skinny is odd and it does feel like gaslighting when I hear comments like “you don’t know what’s healthy for them”. When is being a 5’8 80 lb person healthy? I’m not crazy for being concerned!!!
  17. @lenoreleitch5297: Please stop slapping your hands together.
  18. @ssua3035: if you ever have a daughter with a chronic eating disorder i hope nobody shows her as a prop in a video essay promoting ozempic. its just wild.
  19. @VatoVavoandVanzo: The thing about the Jim Carey conspiracy theories is... They were right and that man was, in fact, not Jim but another artist in Jim Carey masc!
  20. @PRANKZOMBIE: I had a health issue years ago that made me lose a lot of weight. I have been able to gain some back, but I am 5'7" and I only weigh 113lbs. I've been trying for years to gain just ten more. I'll gain 5 and somehow lose it. It's a terrible cycle. I have a hard time getting the calories I require. It literally hurts to sit down for too long. Clothes do not fit me correctly. It doesn't feel good to be this thin. It makes my face look gaunt and sickly. Yet I have people tell me all the time. "Oh, I wish I had that problem" or "I'll take that sickness any day" which is totally dismissive of the health problems I've had for years all because people think it's OK to make what they think are compliments about my thinness. That's because of unrealistic and unreasonable beauty standards

- You're Being Lied To About Ozempic | Truth Complex | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en-US In just a few years, Ozempic has become a household name and a cultural phenomenon. GLP-1 drugs are everywhere, and already one in eight US adults have tried them. The Danish company that makes Ozempic is worth more than The Coca-Cola Company and McDonald's combined. Look online, and you'll see comments about "Ozempic face," hair loss, severe stomach problems, and dangerous side effects. And then a moment later you'll see a report that it could help with fertility or treating Alzheimer's or even shopping addiction. And it's not just weight-loss drugs. We've been lied to about weight loss itself for years now. How much do we know about GLP-1 drugs? And are we being told the full truth about them? I've spent the last few months diving into the research and even tried to get some GLP-1 medication myself to see what's really going on here. At this point, I spent a lot of time on social media digesting what the discourse is out there about this medication. One of the pieces of misinformation I'm seeing over and over again is this idea that these drugs are brand new, that they're not well studied, and that they're not well understood. It's not studied for this. You know, there's no studies on what it does to a body without diabetes. There is no research, no research, on a person that is not diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. So, we know that this line that they're untested or not understood is just not true. They've been studied a lot for both safety and efficacy for both diabetes and weight loss. Thousands of people have been studied in clinical trials specifically for obesity but not for diabetes. The new phenomenon is that Ozempic is a household name, and it became a household name because of its weight-loss effects. However, it's part of a class of drugs that have been used for decades to help people with type 2 diabetes regulate their blood sugar. And just in that regard, it's been a huge medical breakthrough. I think we could probably critique that on its own in that our society is so weight-obsessed that none of these diabetes treatments were a household name even though a million and a half people die of it each year, but as soon as it started making celebrities skinny, all of us were talking about it. That's probably worth unpacking, but that's more than we will have time to do here. So, when Novo Nordisk started testing these drugs as an obesity treatment, the outcome of those trials suggested that these are the most effective weight-loss drugs ever. So, the main ingredient in Ozempic is semaglutide. It's part of a class of drugs called GLP-1 receptor agonists, which basically just means they mimic a hormone that naturally occurs in your body called GLP-1. Semaglutide is in both Ozempic and Wegovy, but Wegovy is the one that's FDA-approved for weight loss. If these medications are paired with a healthy diet and exercise, people who are on semaglutide lost, on average, 15% of their body weight. The people who were just dieting and exercising lost, on average, 2.4% A newer drug made by Eli Lilly called tirzepatide did even better in its clinical trials, with people losing an average of 20% of their body weight. And so based on that data, we started to have all this very hyped news coverage about how these drugs were a game changer and a blockbuster and how maybe obesity would be cured forever, which honestly is kind of a bizarre framing. Even from the very first studies, there were people who were not responding to these drugs. Yes, it's a really big deal that 86% of people in a trial lost a significant amount of weight. However, that means 14% of people didn't. Despite all this talk about miracle drugs, the figures are basically the same for both semaglutide and tirzepatide. Roughly one in 10 people don't lose significant weight while on this medication and are what's called nonresponders. I really wanted to speak to someone who went through this, so I put a survey up on BI's social-media channels, and that's how I found Erika. It's working for other people. Why isn't it working for me and my body chemistry? I'm mad it didn't work, but then it just, I accept it, and I just got to find another way to lose the weight. Erika says her doctor didn't warn her that these drugs don't work for everybody. Like many of us, most of her information came mainly from media coverage. When you set these drugs up as a miracle or a magic pill, you're also setting people up for massive disappointment if they had high hopes of weight loss and then these drugs don't work for them. There is one more thing that a lot of coverage has missed. Real life is not the same as a clinical trial. Since those first trials and all that news coverage, there's been more data about what real-world usage looks like. A 2023 study followed people on semaglutide for 52 weeks, and those people lost an average of 4.4% of their body weight. So we went from 15% down to 4%, which is a dramatic difference. Most of the early coverage of these drugs used the numbers from the clinical trials, which makes sense because it was the first time these drugs were studied. The subsequent real-world-usage impacts have not gotten as much press coverage, and that definitely feeds into an inflated sense of how revolutionary these drugs could be. Certainly, they are a really big deal. They're more effective than prior drugs, but there are limitations. The other thing that I think might be getting lost here is that weight loss from these drugs will have a plateau, which is similar to diet, to exercise, and even to bariatric surgery. At some point, every weight-loss intervention plateaus. There's this popular conception that losing weight is the hard part and maintaining weight loss should be easy. What we know is that it's actually the opposite, right? The maintenance of weight loss is actually the hardest part. You wouldn't want a drug that allows you to lose unlimited amounts of weight. That would be dangerous, for one, and then you'd have to go off of it when you reached your goal weight, and then you would just start to climb back up again, and it would be this constant yo-yo. However, that doesn't stop people from talking about this plateau like it's some sort of betrayal of the drug or some sort of failure of this medication. All evidence points to needing to keep taking these drugs to keep benefiting from them, which is interesting because we have study data showing that most people don't keep taking them. One study looked at thousands of people with GLP-1 prescriptions and found that about half of them stopped taking it after a year, and 70% of them stopped taking it at the two-year mark. And another study found that after stopping the medication, people regained, on average, two-thirds of the weight that they'd lost. This is perhaps another big reason to dial down the hype machine on these medications. Yes, they are a big breakthrough medically, but if people don't want to be on them, then the impact of the drugs will be much lower than were predicted in the flurry of news coverage we had to begin with. A lot of people hear that this is a long-term, potentially lifelong, medication, and they see big pharma dollar signs. The cynic in all of us sort of wakes up and says, "What a win for big pharma." It's true that it is a win for big pharma. They're probably going to make a ton of money on this, and there is absolutely no denying that. I understand why people are mistrusting of pharmaceutical companies and the media coverage around them. At this point, we've seen some very irresponsible reporting. I think it's really important to be clear-eyed about the role of big pharmaceutical companies in our society. With just a quick Google, you can see that Novo Nordisk has paid fines after being accused of shady sales tactics, they've faced criticism for spending loads of money wining and dining doctors, and that they've gotten in trouble with regulators in multiple countries. More famously, Novo Nordisk, along with other drugmakers, faced massive criticism for high insulin prices. Nowadays, insulin is less profitable than it once was, but the potential profits of weight-loss drugs remain astronomical. And make no mistake, Novo Nordisk will be cashing in on these drugs and already is. At one point, the company's valuation was bigger than the entire GDP of Denmark. Understandably, some people who don't trust big pharma or simply don't have access to these drugs are turning to natural alternatives. Let's talk a little bit more about nature's Ozempic. Nature's Ozempic. You'll find people presenting berberine, peppermint tea, green tea, vitamin B12, high-fiber diets, high-protein diets, all of these things as being natural alternatives to taking Ozempic. There are certain foods that can increase the amount of GLP-1 hormone that your body makes. The part where they get it wrong is that that doesn't necessarily equate to weight loss, which appears to be the goal of many people consuming this content. The level of GLP-1 production that diets can provide is nowhere near what you can achieve with prescription medications. These interventions are leading to supraphysiological levels of GLP-1, as opposed to modest changes in your diet or some supplement that you could take. These are just orders of magnitude different, and you're not going to see anywhere near the same effects. But between influencer nutritionists and supplement grifters, we're seeing tremendous amounts of misinformation online about how effective a GLP-1-boosting diet can be. These foods and vitamins are generally less risky than a serious prescription drug, but they're almost definitely less effective as well. This is another subject of intensive news coverage where I think we just need to turn the hype dial down a little bit and look at what the research actually tells us. I also think people pay a lot of attention to side effects of these drugs because we've had plenty of examples of prescription drugs coming onto the market and a side effect no one knew about ends up being very serious, particularly for weight-loss drugs. The most common side effects of these medications are gastrointestinal, things like nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. These can seem a little bit trivial, just like tummy trouble or whatever, but they can be quite serious. Extended periods of vomiting or diarrhea can leave you dangerously dehydrated. It's even been reported that one woman died while taking these drugs after months of gastrointestinal issues, including severe vomiting and abdominal pain. Besides the GI issues, the FDA label for these drugs includes a number of other warnings, some of which are for very serious conditions. So if we just pull up the label now, there is what's called a black-box warning about the risk of thyroid C-cell tumors. The warning label mentions findings in rodents, but a GLP-1 researcher I spoke to said that the thyroid in rodents and humans is quite different. So those findings probably aren't relevant. Sometimes by putting a warning label on because of initial good intentions, you can cause more harm by scaring away people who otherwise might be willing to take this medicine and benefit from the medicine. While the link between GLP-1 medication and thyroid cancer has been hard to establish, the link between obesity and thyroid cancer is much clearer. One study found that for every five-point increase in BMI, the risk of thyroid cancer increases by 30%. There's also another category on this label called warnings and precautions, and it includes acute pancreatitis, acute gallbladder disease, hypoglycemia, acute kidney injury, hypersensitivity reactions, diabetic retinopathy, heart-rate increase, and suicidal behavior and ideation. The label here just says: "Monitor for depression or suicidal thoughts. Discontinue Wegovy if symptoms develop." That's not very reassuring to me. This is an ongoing and evolving thing, but the weight of evidence so far suggests that these drugs alone are not going to cause you to have suicidal thoughts. It is not uncommon for drugs to have very intimidating, if not downright scary-looking, FDA warning labels. It's important to remember that things listed on these labels are potential risks rather than guaranteed results, which actually does seem to get lost in the shuffle a bit on social media. Most of the more serious side effects of GLP-1 drugs are on the rare side. Most people who take these medications will not get pancreatitis. Sometimes people wonder why a drug could be approved if it has so many alarming side effects, but it's really not uncommon. If you look at metformin, a very popular diabetes medication, it has a warning for potentially fatal lactic acidosis. If you look at the label for ibuprofen, it has a warning about potential increased risk of stroke. These things are calculated in the context of being sick. If you take these drugs and don't have a medical need for them, your risk calculation is different and you are putting yourself at greater risk of harm. Your neighbor who is interested in taking this medicine to lose 10 pounds so they can get into a size-eight dress for Uncle Harry's wedding, they weren't studied in a clinical trial. But besides what's on the label, which is scary enough on its own, there's all these rumors on social media about a whole other category of effects that are mostly cosmetic, things like "Ozempic face" or hair loss. And it's not just hair loss. There's been a ton of concern about how much muscle people lose while taking GLP-1 drugs. However, whenever you lose weight, even if it's just through diet and exercise, you do tend to lose some lean muscle. One thing that's often forgotten in this whole conversation is that weight loss itself can have some very serious side effects, particularly rapid or extreme weight loss. Even losing weight fast through diet has been linked to hair loss, muscle loss, depression, gallstones -- all side effects that overlap with the side effects of Ozempic. So it's really hard to tell where one ends and the other begins. Personally, I think this is just another example of how the conversation around Ozempic has just gotten really weird. People seem to want there to be a punishment for taking a vanity drug and almost gleefully report this idea that your face or your hair or whatever would fail you when you've taken a step to make your body look nicer. At least, that's the perception. And to be sure, some people have taken Ozempic as a vanity drug. These drugs became a household name because celebrities were touting them for weight loss, and in many cases, already-thin celebrities were touting their weight-loss benefits. So, we've talked about the bad, but there are also some really interesting positive effects that these drugs potentially have. Not only do they make you crave less food, they make you desire different, usually healthier food. There's a physiological response that causes some people to be more preoccupied with food than others. People I talk to who have been suffering from food noise say the drug feels like a switch is being flipped in their brains. People have now reported other cravings going away too, like the urge to online shop. These drugs could help with all kinds of conditions -- Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, alcohol addiction, and other types of addiction, depression. There's even anecdotal reports of Ozempic babies, which are people whose fertility improved while they were on these drugs. All these things aren't so much side effects as they are potentially brand-new indications for the drugs, brand-new conditions that they could treat. GLP-1 drugs have a really unusually high number of potential new indications. About one in eight Americans have already tried GLP-1 medications, and this explosion of interest has led to something we've never quite seen before. One of the strangest elements of this rush for everyone to try semaglutide is that it put the drug in shortage. And when drugs are on the official FDA shortage list, compounding pharmacies can make their own versions. Compounded versions of these drugs are not FDA-approved or -reviewed, and because these pharmacies are regulated at the state level, there's no data available for how many people are taking compounded GLP-1s. In an environment this confusing, it becomes easier to take advantage of people. I spoke to a researcher who purposefully ordered compounded semaglutide from shady online sellers just to see what he would get. We looked at the online pharmacies that were no prescription and were highest ranked in search results. So these were some of the websites that consumers will see first. Of the six drugs that he ordered, three never came at all. They were total scams. So they took the three prescriptions that they actually received and put the drugs to the test, and what they found was evidence of contamination and improper amounts of the active ingredient, semaglutide. The FDA has also issued a warning about some compounders using semaglutide salt, which is generally used only for research and is not approved for use in humans. So, for consumers, the most important thing is to understand that when you source it from a no-prescription online pharmacy, there's a lot of risks. Either fraud, incorrect product, or, again, you're not getting a product that is medically necessary for you or appropriate for you. Offering no-prescription versions of prescription drugs is illegal, but there's also what feels like a tidal wave of buzzy online health startups who can temporarily sell totally legally. I actually went through the process of being prescribed compounded semaglutide. I went through an online pharmacy where all I had to do was fill out a survey and then do a video telehealth visit with a doctor to be prescribed these drugs. I went through this process for reporting purposes to see how easy it would be to get these drugs, and it turns out it was pretty easy, which, depending how much you value drug regulation, could be kind of concerning. There was sort of no question that I was going to get these drugs. From the second the call started, it was a given. I don't know why, but I thought he might challenge me and say, like, "Ah, these are some pretty heavy-duty side effects. Are you sure you want to take these drugs to lose a small amount of weight?" But he didn't. And the doctor that I spoke to in that process did not give any indication that I would need to stay on these drugs to maintain the weight loss. I'm not saying all this to fearmonger about compounding pharmacies, but it is kind of wild how little we know about how many people are taking drugs from compounding pharmacies when we do know that they come with a higher degree of risk. However, there is one considerable upside, and that's that for some people, compounding pharmacies offer a cheaper version of these drugs. In my case, a month's supply of semaglutide cost $250. The list price for Ozempic in the United States is almost $1,000 for a month's supply. For Wegovy, it's $1,349. Those are shocking price tags. You can find economists estimating that GLP-1 medications will add $1 trillion in healthcare spending to the US. Then we have other economists estimating that it's actually somewhere between 20% and 50% of that. And it's not really possible to know who's right or wrong because the actual prices paid to drugmakers are secret. And that's one of the many oddities of the American healthcare system, is that no one knows exactly what drugmakers actually make from selling their drugs. It's considered proprietary information. At the end of the day, a lot of people seem to want it to be true that these drugs could actually save healthcare systems money, that we spend so much on treating obesity and related conditions that these drugs could actually be a net money saver. And while that might eventually happen, especially if the cost of these drugs goes down, that is a very rare feat for a drug to pull off. The most important thing to remember is that if you see estimates of how much a certain drug is going to cost US healthcare systems or how much obesity costs America in general, remember that these are really rough estimates. And that's important because the stigma that people with obesity face is often couched in this idea that they're a tremendous financial burden to the healthcare system. I have seen countless comments saying, "Why do you need Ozempic if you can just eat healthier?" "Why do you need to take these drugs?" "What you're looking for is willpower." It simply doesn't make sense to talk about Ozempic as being the easy way out. The easy way out implies there's another way out, and for a lot of people, there just isn't. What these medicines have taught us is that a huge number of people living with obesity, they were restricting their calories, they were following diets, they were exercising, and it just didn't work for them even though they really wanted it to work. And now we have something that helps them, and guess what? They're losing weight. We've been lied to about weight loss for a long time, and we're only just starting to figure it out. The reality is that we, both as a culture and the medical community, have been significantly underplaying how difficult it is to lose weight and especially how difficult it is to maintain weight loss. We have a ton of data on this at this point, and we know that drastic weight loss is exceedingly rare and is usually temporary. Over time, we've also learned that exercise is not nearly as big of a factor in weight loss as people tend to suggest. It has many benefits and is still important for overall health, but burning more calories is not a guaranteed path to weight loss. Many studies have shown at this point that even in the best of circumstances, where we're combining diet, exercise, and behavioral counseling, people tend to only lose 5% to 10% of their body weight. Then, after that, your body fights back. When you lose weight, your body starts to release hormones that increase appetite and reduce feelings of fullness. So there's actually a biological mechanism encouraging people to eat more as weight is lost. Studies on people who've lost quite a lot of weight have found that they burn fewer calories than scientists expected, even when you account for the fact that their bodies are smaller and they're carrying less weight around. If you lose roughly 20 pounds or so and you're maintaining that 20-pound weight loss, you're probably burning about 250 calories per day less than you were before you lost the weight. And we've known that for a very long time. The advice that doctors gave for years was that all it takes is small tweaks to your lifestyle. Swap your bag of chips for an apple or take the stairs. You can still find all kinds of advice like that online. And it's actually, frankly, bizarre that after decades of research supporting the idea that this is a very complex issue, so many people insist on acting like it's easy. It is understandable to have anxiety about medicating millions of people for what's seen as a wider societal issue. And some people say this is a Band-Aid on a bigger problem, those bigger problems being things like our food system or our sedentary lifestyles. And, yes, there would likely be tremendous social benefit to addressing those very complex systemic problems, but for now, we have a relatively safe and effective drug that can give people another tool to manage their health in the meantime. So maybe it's a Band-Aid, but sometimes you just need a Band-Aid. If you want to see the sources I used for this video, check out the link in the video description. And for more "Truth Complex," subscribe to Business Insider.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [9 likes]: Why copycat Ozempic is everywhere: https://www.businessinsider.com/compounded-ozempic-semaglutide-hims-hers-eli-lilly-novo-nordisk-fda-2025-9?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=business-pinned-comment
  2. @dreamcatcher75418: If you need to loose weight you should take it. If you don’t like it, stop taking it. Simple.
  3. @dreamcatcher75418: “Food noise” is just hunger. You should listen to it.
  4. @madisonallen6021: This reads like an ozempic ad
  5. @cms_ph: The hype
  6. @firedingo5: I have a history of mental health, I was well, took 1 dose of ozempic and nearly landed in the hospital due to suicide ideation.
I could no longer regulate my own temperature and was a falls risk due to dizziness.
My Dr put me on ozempic because of T2D secondary to PCOS
  7. @LadyAnn8: It is so natural and easy to stay normal weight and people choose to spend their time treating their bodies like a  garbage bin.. So easy to fool humans, sooooooo easy😂
  8. @KannabisKitten7: Biggest tip: not everyone should eat 2000 calories daily. I am female, 5 foot 3 inches. I naturally lose only 1480 calories a day doing NOTHING. You will never lose the weight that you wanted. In the time frame, in which you had set forth to accomplish. If you are eating over the actual calories you naturally burn. The 2000 calories a day: is not a set rule for every human.
  9. @KannabisKitten7: I literally have had learned nothing; that 1 hour of research would have given.
  10. @paulb8030: Oh boy, business insider? Giving health advice? Well, I just trust that inherently 🙄
  11. @sephjvr5979: “Exercise isn’t as affective” is such a nonsense statement to make. Americans should stop eating crappy food and then there will be no need for mass weight loss programs. 

Is this whole video an endorsement for Ozempic?
  12. @Johnnybananass-_: These drugs can change your life and save your life . It helped me change my eating habits and eat better and get healthier . People think it’s some kind of quick fix and it does everything , but to do it healthily you need to eat better . Eat better sizes and be active . You sacrifice the junk food you loved and things like ice cream and sugar.   But it’s worth it to get a second chance at health , I am on mournjaro and I have lost 16 pounds already in two months and my shelves aren’t full of bad processed food and I’ve learnt how to cook healthy and look at food differently . And in the past sugars was harder to give uk than alcohol , smoking and cocaine .  My glp-2 cut the sugar cravings totally .
  13. @anthonycamuccio2531: Here's a thought 
And I know its a wild one 😮
EAT LESS CRAP
EXCERCISE MORE 
YOULL LOOSE WEIGHT AND KEEP IT OFF WITHOUT THE SIDE EFFECTS
  14. @gucky4717: Let me tell you losing weight is actually easy on paper. Eat less calories then what your body burns. Do that every day and you'll see results. Losing weight is not a sprint, its a marathon... But eating less food can be hard on your mind.
I went from 153kg to 101kg today in 5 years and I am still losing weight (goal is ~75kg). What I did was just lowering my calorie intake to 1500-1800kcal per day (~2000kcal in the beginning, since I was heavier).  
I DO have some days when I eat a bit more then that, but thats fine as long as it is only 1-2 of such days per week and its not more then 2500kcal. Such a cheat day means, you'll be losing 2 days of weightloss progress, but that is fine, since it is a marathon, a long term goal.
What helps is a consistent lifestyle with something like intermediate fasting. The harderst part is the first month to get into such lifestyle. 
Green tee helps the fat burn a bit, artificial sweeteners also help lowering your intake. And try to take at least 50g protein per day for your muscles, even if you don't exercise. It helps maintaining your "energy". 
To lose that 52kg I didn't do ANY sports or exercise, but I started simply walking a bit more, just 1-2 miles/3km per day although I also didn't even do that in the beginning. So its ALL in the calories.
  15. @gucky4717: Also 2 important things not every mentions:
1. They say using Ozempic you lose upto 15% of your weight. But there are many people that have to lose more then that.
2. You have to take Ozempic ALL your life. Once you don't take it any more you get the yoyo-effect and gain your weight back.
  16. @NoBSMusicReviews: We go the absolutely made me suicidal. I also have a spinal cord injury and it made my constant spinal cord pain much worse. I was really disappointed. It took me a while to realize that it was the culprit, but when I got off it both of those things resolved. The suicidal ideation disappeared, and the spinal cord pain returned to its baseline..
  17. @RyanGenX2: Doing a few months of research just to put a bunch of superficial vague statements is not something I would call Business Insider
  18. @louisehicks3285: I was on glp1 for over 2 years. And I had troubles and after multiple ER visits, the last one I almost died. So no more glp1's!
  19. @mac-e4f: my best advise ,,, Salad
  20. @tls-36015: I don't think it's that people WANT there to be problems ~ THERE ARE PROBLEMS ~ either report on ALL of it, or don't report on it at all!!! 😡
JMO

- Serena Williams on Why She Chose to Use GLP-1 Medication: Kind: captions Language: en THAT WAS FROM THE 1999 U.S. OPEN, THE FIRST OF A 23 IN HER STORIED CAREER, BY THE WAY. THIS MORNING WE ARE LUCKY TO BE JOINED BY THE SUPERSTAR. WELCOME BACK. >> GOOD TO BE HERE. >> YES, ALWAYS GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK HERE. WE ARE GOING TO TALK TENNIS IN A MOMENT BUT WE ARE TALKING ABOUOT MOMENT BUT WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT YOU U HAV, THIS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT YOU HAVE, THIS EXCLUSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT YOU HAVE, AND IT'S ABOUT YOUR HEALTH AND IT'S ABOUT WHAT A LOT OF FOLKS WATCHING AND LISTENING CAN RELATE TO THIS. WHAT DO YOU WANT THEM TO KNOW? >> A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE WONDEDERG >> A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE WONDERING ABOUT MY NEW FITNESS JOURNEY, AND I THOUGHT IT WAS IMPORTANT TO COME OUT AND SAY IT, I AM THROUGH A -- IT'S THE SIGMA OF IT IS A LAZY WAY OR WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT? AFTER HAVING MY FIRST KID WITH OLYMPIA, AND PARTICULARLY AFTER THE SECOND KID, I WAS NEVER ABLE TO BE AT A HEALTHY WEIGHT, AND IT'S SOMETHING I SUFFERED WITH AND A LOT OF WOMEN ACTUAUALLY GO AND A LOT OF WOMEN ACTUALLY GO THROUGH THIS. I ALWAYS SAIAID FOR ME PERSONAL, I ALWAYS SAID FOR ME PERSONALLY, I FEEL LIKE, YOU KNOW WHWHAT, I FEEL LIKE, YOU KNOW WHAT, AFTER I HAD MY KIDS AND AFTER I GOT A TAD BIT OLDER, MY BODY WAS MISSING SOMETHING, NO MATTER WHAT I DID, I WAWAS LITERALLY WHAT I DID, I WAS LITERALLY PLAYING PROFESSIONAL TENNIS, AND YOU CAN SEE, SOMETIMES I WOULD -- I HAD THIS AWESOME DOCUMENTARY A FEW YEARS AGO AND YOU CAN SEE IN THE D DOCUMENTAR, YOU CAN SEE IN THE DOCUMENTARY, MY COACH TELLING ME YOU HAVE TO LOSE WEIGHT, YOU HAVE TO LOSE WEIGHT. WEIGHTHT. I'M PLAYING PROFESSIONAL TENNIS AND LITERALLY TRAINING FIVE HOURS A DADAY AND I WOULD WORK Y HOURS A DAY AND I WOULD WORK MY WAY TO ONE POINT OF THE SCALE WAY TO ONE POINT OF THE SCALE E AND IT WOULD NEVER GO BELOW THAT. THAT.. FOR ME EVENTUALLY WHEN L PFRPLT G LPG 'S'S CAME OUT, AND IT WAS LE LPG 'S CAME OUT, AND IT WAS LIKE I CAN'T BEAT THIS OPPONENT, NO MATTER WHAT I DO, I HAVE TO TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT. EVENTUALLY, I SAW MY FRIENDS USING IT AND I TRIED IT AND IT ACTUALLY WORKED. >> CRAIG ANDND I WERE TALKING >> CRAIG AND I WERE TALKING ABOUT THIS THIS MORNING, YOU LEN LENDING YOUR VOICE TO THAT, IT DESTIGMATIZES THAT, AND YOU PARTNERED WITH ROE, AND YOU ARE A PAID SPOKESPERSON. WHY LEND YOUR VOICE? >> BECAUSE OF THAT EXACT MESSAGE. MESSAGAGE. BECAUSE I LITERALLY TRIED EVERYTHING, I MEAN, RUNNNNING, EVERYTHING, I MEAN, RUNNING, WALKING, BIKING, STAIR CLIMBER. YOU NAME IT, I DID IT, EVEN DOWN TO TRYING TO PLAY PROFESSIONAL SPORTS, SO IT WAS SOMETHING THAT I FEEL LIKE -- EVEN I FELT LIKE, OKAY, I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS BECAUSE IT IS A SHORORTCUT, OR T BECAUSE IT IS A SHORTCUT, OR IT IS, LIKE, A QUICK WAY OUT. BUT IT ACTUALLY ISN'T, AND THERE'S SOMETHING PERSONALLY, LIKE I SAID, MY BODY I IN LIKE I SAID, MY BODY IN PARTICULAR WAS MISSING AFTER HAVING TWO KIDS, I WAS NOTOT ABE HAVING TWO KIDS, I WAS NOT ABLE TO BE AT A WEIGHT THAT WAS HEALTHY FOR ME, AND I FEEL THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE -- FIRST OF F A, A LOT OF PEOPLE -- FIRST OF ALL, I LOVE WORKING WITH RO, BECAUSE IT MAKES IT SO EASY TO GET THE MEDICATION YOU NEED. YOU CAN ASK ALL KINDS OF QUESTIONS, AND THEY MAKE THE EXPERIENCE REALLY EXCITING SO I REALLY LOVE THAT. YEAH, I JUST FEEL LIKE A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE ON IT. >> AND DON'T TALK ABABOUT IT. >> AND DON'T TALK ABOUT IT. >> YEAH, AND DON'T TALK ABOUT IT, AND WHY ARE WE QUESTIONING? WE SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT IT AND BEEN OPEN, AND I HAVE BEEN KIND OF OPEN MOST OF MY LIFE, AND I FEEL LIKE THERE'S NO NEED TO NOT DENY IT, AND IT IS WHAT IT IS AND I LOVE HOW I'M FEELING NOW. >> LET'S TALK K TENNIS. >> LET'S TALK TENNIS. THE U.S. OPEPEN IS UNDERWAY. THE U.S. OPEN IS UNDERWAY. YOU SPENT YEARS, A COUPLE DECADES, SMASHING RECORDS. DO YOU GET TIRED OF PEOPLE COMING UP TO YOU AND SAYING, SERENA, WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK? BACKCK? YOU COMING BACK? YOU LOOK GREAT. LOOKS LIKE YOU ARERE TRAINING TO LOOKS LIKE YOU ARE TRAINING TOT COME BACK. >> I DON'T KNOW. I DON'N'T KNOW IF I GET TIRED OF I DON'T KNOW IF I GET TIRED OF IT, I DON'T REALLY HEAR THE NOISE OR LISTEN TO, AND I KIND OF MUTE OUT EVERYTHING, GOTTEN GOOD AT MUTING OUT THE NOISE, BUT, YOU KNOW, IT'S A SPORT I LOVE. LOVE.. >> YOU MISS IT? >> I DO. I THINK THERE'S ALWAYS A PARART I THINK THERE'S ALWAYS A PART THAT WILL MISS IT, BECAUSE WHEN YOU DO SOMETHING FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE FROM THE DAY YOU REMEMBER, YOU ALWAYS HAD A GOAL AND THEN ONE DAY YOU WAKE UP AND YOU HAVE -- THAT'S NOT YOUR GOAL ANYMORE. IT'S A HUGE CHANGE. BUT AT THE SAME TIME, I HAVE SO MANY WONDERFUL MEMORIES, YOU KNOW. I I HAD SO MANY GREAT TIMES, AN, I HAD SO MANY GREAT TIMES, AND, YEAH, I CAN ALWAYS TAKE SOLACE IN THAT. >> ANY P PLANS TO CHEER ON VENU? >> ANY PLANS TO CHEER ON VENUS? >> RIGHT, I'M SO EXCITED. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, I WILL BE CHEERING HER ON AND ROOTING HER ON THE WHOLE WAY. PRETTY EXCITED ABOUT WHAT SHE'S DOING. REMARKABLE. >> YEAH, SHE'S T TALKING ABOUT R >> YEAH, SHE'S TALKING ABOUT HER HEALTH JOURNEY. SHE ANNOUNCED HER ENGAGEMENT RECENTLY, AND WE'RE EXCITED FOR HER. HER.R. YOU HAVE BEEN MARRIED ALMOST A DECADE. DECADEDE. ANY ADVICE? ANY ADVICE?? >> I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. WELL, MY ADVICE IS TO ALWAYS HAVE FUN, YOU KNOW, TO ALWAYS GO ON DATES AND TO TAKE A MOMENT AND JUST, LIKE, DANCE, LET YOUR GUARD DOWN, LET YOU FEEL VULNERABLE. VULNERABLE.. YOU HAVE THESE DIFFERENT MOMENTS. MOMENTNTS. I'M NO EXPERT, AND I'M DEFINITELY NOT PERFECT, I MEAN -- MEAN - -- >> I'M CLOSE. CLOSE. CLOSE.E. >> CLOSE. >> C CLOSE. >> YOU HAVE BEEN TO THE BACHELORETTE PARTY? >> WE ALREADY HAD THAT. >> OH, OKAY. >> BUT WE ARE PLANNING LOTS OF DIFFERENT PARTIES AND EVENTS AND IT'S ACTUALLY OVERWHELMING, AND I TOLD VENUS YESTERDAY, ONE MORE THING YOU WANT ME TO DO, AND I'M DONE. THAT'S IT. >> SPEAKING OFOF YOUR SISTER, AD >> SPEAKING OF YOUR SISTER, AND I READ RECENTLY YOU ARE STARTING A PODCAST. >> WE ARE. >> WE ARE.E. WE ARE STARTING A PODCAST. WE DECIDED TO NAME IT STOCKTON STREET. STREET.. >> FOR FOLKS THAT DON'T KNOW WHY, STOCKTON STREET? >> STOCKTON STREET IS THE TREAT WE GREW UP ON. VENUS CAME UP WITH THE GAME, AND WE HAD LOTS OF NAMES A AND WE HAD LOTS OF NAMES AND EVERYTHING WAS TAKEN AND THEN SHE SAID, WHAT D DO YOU THINK SHE SAID, WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT STOCKTON STREET, A AND I ABOUT STOCKTON STREET, AND I SAID, THAT'S IT. >> DONE. >> IT WAS SUSUCH A GOOD >> IT WAS SUCH A GOOD OPPORTUNITY BECAUSE IT HAS SO MUCH HISTORY ON IT AND WE ALSO JUST LOVE TO THINK ABOUT BRANDING IN DIFFERENT WAYS AND DIFFERENT SORTS AND FEELING LIKE STOCKTON STREET IS SOMETHING THAT -- WELL, , IT'S STILL THERE THAT -- WELL, IT'S STILL THERE AND WILL ALWAYS BE THERE, SO YEAH, WE CAN KIND OF JUST LIVE ON AND TALK ABOUT LOTS OF DIFFERENT THINGS ON OUR PODCAST. >> IT'S PART OF WHO YOU GUYS ARE, TOO. >> YEAH. >> FUN TO O SEE YOU GUYS DO

  Top Comments:
  1. @PraisetheLORDnow [1 likes]: I love Serena & Venus ❤❤❤❤👸🏽👸🏽👸🏽👸🏽💐💐💐💐💫💫💫💫🌟🌟🌟🌟
  2. @janiceburke6037 [1 likes]: God made the Body to do as He Pleases! Promoting this DRUG! YUCK! Young girls r listening! Hate your Body is being $old. He didnot make her BLOND either! YUCK!
  3. @janiceburke6037 [1 likes]: NOW "TRY" GETTING RID OF THAT BLOND STUFF ON YOUR HEAD.  Money Cant buy Beauty!
  4. @h.e.pennypacker4728 [1 likes]: Also being on Burger King commercials is hilarious
  5. @DashawnAshleigh-p6k6w: After trying so many things that never seemed to help my diabetes, I finally found relief. Thank you Sugartonicherb for healing my diabetes.
  6. @OarsmanPower: Hypocrite and total sellout. 
GLP-1’s are horrible. It won’t end well.
  7. @Mary_Berg568: what she said about not wanting it to feel like a shortcut really hit me. i spent so long feeling like needing help meant i had failed somehow. being on a GLP-1 through Form Blends shifted that for me, because the whole process felt medical and intentional, not like a cheat code. Serena being open about this is gonna help a lot of people finally just try something that works instead of white-knuckling it for years.
  8. @landonbarretto4933: Almost everyone should be on a GLP.  Overeating is so easy to do - GLPs fix that.  No shame in that.  I use one to eliminate food noise and cravings so I can keep my calories low.
  9. @aracelikopiloff1791: For those complaining about cost: one pen has six doses , one dose per month= six months if you just stick to the lowest dose , and that's still works great. Divide $400 into 6! You can't cut back on another habit and come up with $66 per month???
Women have no issue spending HUNDREDS of dollars on nails, ashes hair, color, weaves , brows , wine, cigarettes, clothes, going out.
The money you will save on food alone and eating out will be much more than the investment you're making in yourself. PRIORITIZE
  10. @aracelikopiloff1791: Calling GLP-1 medications “cheating” is ignorant. People once died from AIDS, COVID, fevers, and infections until medicine evolved. If you had a treatable cancer, would you refuse the cure and call it “cheating”?
It’s the 21st century. Medical advances exist...use them.🎉
  11. @JamaicaSugar: How long before she's Kelly Osbourne?
  12. @aliciascott6334: What about the adverse effects to the kidneys, liver, heart...etc? Didn't hear anything about that.  🤔
  13. @MsAlly109: I dont belive she is on GLP-1. I think she is advertising to us. She stated that she tried everything to loose the weight in the realm of exercise but but once did she mention changing her eating habits.
  14. @geraldsimonite: We all know Serene is a sore loser BIG TIME! by walking out of the U.S open FINALS! How could she do that!! Just a sore lower! disappointing millions of fans! She should be banned from the U.S open!!!
  15. @klwj1981: I want to do something like this.

But the only reason why I came to the comments is because she said she was an unhealthy weight. Girls stop and sit down. Where’s your gut? Did you have to pay extra money for your clothes because they charge more for your size? Were you called fat?
  16. @scratcherscratcher11: Go Serena!
  17. @janiceburke6037: Its a "No 4 Me"!
  18. @TaraOwens-n3z: You look beautiful. Makeup and all.
  19. @rhettsycoplando4064: Closest thing to roids in civilian life
  20. @HighVibeswithTK: The key was not training so much for so long.  5hrs per day is excessive for someone older. That will hinder any weight loss.

- Ozempic is a game-changer. Here’s how it works.: Kind: captions Language: en This is a Ozempic. It's a drug approved by the FDA to manage type 2 diabetes. Maybe you've heard the jingle. [singing] “Oh, oh, oh Ozempic.” Or maybe you've seen Ozempic in the news recently for another reason. [overlapping] “Weight loss...” “... weight loss...” “Easy weight loss.” “Miracle Diet Drug.” “Miracle weight loss drug.” And it's true. Ozempic was designed to help people manage their blood sugar... but it's also proven to help people lose weight. My doctor was like “This is mainly for blood sugar management.” “But as a side effects like you will lose weight.” When I started to notice that, like in the first month or so had dropped 10 pounds, like nothing. I was like, “There's something to this.” And once you learn why it works you'll understand how this drug could completely change the way we approach weight loss. According to the latest data from the National Institutes of Health around 42% of adults in the US are currently categorized as obese. The CDC's list of health risks associated with obesity include heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes... diseases that rank among the leading causes of premature death worldwide. Not everyone living with type 2 diabetes is considered obese but the two are closely linked. In fact, one of the leading recommendations for managing type 2 diabetes is weight loss. Even like a small amount of weight reduction for people with diabetes can help blood sugar management. I'm Mila Clarke. I'm 33 years old and I have a type of diabetes called latent autoimmune diabetes in adults. I reached out to Mila because she runs a YouTube channel... Hangry Woman, where she makes videos about living a healthy life with diabetes. The thing that I wish that people understood more is how difficult it is to live with both diabetes and obesity. She's also documented her experience with Ozempic. It has always been really hard for me to lose weight despite diet and exercise and paying attention to lifestyle habits. For a long time, doctors have had mixed views on how to make weight loss more accessible... to help people lower their risk for illnesses like type 2 diabetes. One option is weight loss medication. Historically, weight loss drugs have been associated with dangerous side effects and have been pulled from the market. Metabolic bariatric surgery is extremely effective for weight loss but it requires dramatic lifestyle changes that can be challenging to maintain. But with new diabetes drugs like Ozempic... scientists have a safe and effective tool for weight loss... and it's based on something that's inside our bodies and already: Hormones. Hormones are the body's messengers running from one place to another prompting certain cells into action. When we eat our bodies produce a bunch of hormones to aid in the process of digestion. One of them is GLP-1: the hormone that tells us when we're full. This is a sequence of amino acids that make it up. And this is Semaglutide, the generic name for Ozempic. It's made to mimic GLP-1. Here's why. When food enters your stomach and begins to work its way through the digestive system... your body releases GLP-1 in the intestine. There are receptors for GLP-1 in cells all throughout the body that serve different functions when triggered by the hormone. In the pancreas, GLP-1 receptors promote the production of insulin the hormone that lowers blood sugar levels and suppress the production of glucagon the hormone that raises blood sugar levels. This is important for people with type 2 diabetes whose bodies are insulin resistant and produce very little insulin of their own. Synthetic insulin is a critical treatment for blood sugar management. And semaglutide makes the insulin you do have whether it's produced naturally or synthetically work better in your body. Losing excess fat can also help you become more insulin sensitive. That's where GLP-1’s next receptor comes in. In the stomach, GLP-1 receptors slow gastric emptying... which means food doesn't move through the digestive system as quickly and you stay fuller for longer. It slows the digestion of your food which overall helps with blood sugar spikes and it helps you feel fuller for longer so you don't eat as much. And maybe most importantly, at least in regard to weight loss there are GLP-1 receptors in the brain... particularly in the hypothalamus that suppress hunger cravings. That fuller satiety feeling for longer is really helpful. The digestive system is designed to do all of this naturally but GLP-1 based medications are made to amplify the hormone’s numerous health effects. And it works. A major clinical trial of semaglutide in adults showed an average weight reduction of around 15% when paired with an adjusted diet and exercise routine compared to a placebo group, which demonstrated a little over 2% weight reduction. That level of effectiveness rivals the results of metabolic bariatric surgery. And the fact that I was able to take a once weekly injection and then all of a sudden like the pounds just like dropped off I was like, “This is wild to me.” These drugs aren't without side effects the most common being nausea gastrointestinal effects like diarrhea. Mila initially stopped taking Ozempic because of a side effect that gave her heart palpitations. But she's back on it now. And so far, so good. My blood sugars are great. I'm having an easier time losing weight and I've amped up my exercise and being outdoors and hiking and running and walking. And you still have to do all of the other things that everyone has to do to be able to lose weight. It just makes it a little bit easier. But it's helping me so much with my diabetes management. The number of prescriptions of Semaglutide has risen dramatically since becoming available in late 2017. And in 2021, the FDA approved Semaglutide to be prescribed at a higher dose for weight management specifically branded under the name Wegovy. It was big news and led to this drug getting a lot of attention sort of all at once. The messaging started to center more around weight loss than it did diabetes which is unfortunate for people with diabetes and people living with obesity. There are these two groups of people who really need this drug for health purposes but it's being trivialized and kind of looked at as like “Oh, this is an easy weight loss solution.” There are solutions in place now to deal with the sudden high demand for these drugs for people who need them. Mounjaro, another medication developed specifically for type 2 diabetes is currently being fast tracked for approval by the FDA to be prescribed for weight loss too. Now that Ozempic’s notoriety helps Semaglutide go mainstream it and drugs like it will only become more commonly prescribed for weight management. It's not as simple as “Take this injection and you won't be living with obesity anymore.” or “You'll reverse your diabetes.” But as a community we get really excited to see innovations happen and tools that can make our lives a little easier and that can cause less diabetes burn out... and helps you think about diabetes less. It's one of those things that I think... all of us want to protect at all costs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [1000 likes]: There's a lot about Ozempic we didn't have time to get into in this video, including more about medical discrimination around obesity and more context around recent drug shortages. This article from our website, written by Julia Belluz, provides more info: https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/23584679/ozempic-wegovy-semaglutide-weight-loss-obesity
  2. @ShirleyB.Bise11 [1 likes]: one thing this video doesnt fully get into is how the GLP-1 receptor activation in the brainstem is just as important as the pancreatic effect. the "food noise" reduction people on semaglutide describe isnt a placebo, its literally dopamine pathway modulation. been on compounded semaglutide through form blends for about 8 months and the appetite change felt neurological before it felt physical, if that makes sense.
  3. @The_Bean_Head_Men [1 likes]: Starts at 2:30
  4. @wqsnsr8: Worse video
  5. @Gateszxk: PENUT streams 😂😂😂😂 brought me here 😂😂😂what was this word 😂😂😂
  6. @susanhowell1931: I lost 140 pounds. Now, I cannot afford it. I am not a true diabetic. I am on the borderline.
  7. @susanhowell1931: How can I get Ozempic cheaper
  8. @matheuscruz4995: thanks
  9. @Mokkashe: I really think your commercials are terrible. 
The guy eating the popcorn while the warnings of all the possibly deadly interactions..
This is no joking matter, all you big pharma companies really don’t care about us do you??
It’s greed and money vs k harming people ..
Every problem out there doesn’t require a pill..
You will be accountable for this!
  10. @juankherrera147: Worst video on the topic
  11. @Peachcreekmedia: I take this med for type 2 diabetes and it has been effective at managing it. I just wish it was lower cost and available to all type 2 diabetics in America.
  12. @riadanush: It was really hard for me to lose weight while dealing with carpal tunnel, but with this shot, I’ve had no issues at all.
  13. @NesrinButler: STOP TAKING OZAMPIC. SEVERE SIDE EGFECTS. LOSS OF YOUR LIFE.
  14. @vandanaparti1840: Good info
  15. @susiemiller2621: Watch the dr berg version . 
If too good to be true...
  16. @baly-d-unscripted: Lot of celebs and rich are making it hard for people with real problems
  17. @anitamarmo6131: Traducir estos videos por favoor
  18. @cheloooxalfa6632: Yes lazy
  19. @MiguelDelgado-z8d: A friend used to train because he was an amateur fighter. He was always a bigger guy. He went from 250 to around 160. A lot of training, healthy eating and a strict lifestyle. 

As soon as he stopped training, he gained the weight back. Even though he would still eat healthy, he had trouble losing weight. That's when I realized that there are some people who even though they eat healthy and are active, will still have trouble losing weight. Like my sisters ex husband. No matter how much he tries to gain weight, he doesn't have any luck. His body type is just slim. This was a few years back when I was still in highschool. I always thought bigger people were just lazy but no. It really is genetics.
  20. @NaraPlayz-c5v: Ok first of all you used the wrong terminology, weight refers to the force of gravity, the CORRECT terminology is MASS because mass is the amount of matter in your body so lbs or kg is NOT weight, weight is in N(newtons) you cant "lose weight" the only way you "lose weight" is to go to different planets or moons like for example you weight around 120 lbs in Earth, if you go to the moon you weigh 20 lbs. mass stays constant unless you workout or eat healthily so it is possible to "lose mass" so say it "lose mass"

- The Many Lies About The Ozempic Weight Loss Craze: Kind: captions Language: en - Odds are if you've been on TikTok or Twitter as of late, you've seen this new drug, Ozempic, be mentioned. I've actually seen Elon Musk tweet about it. It's been covered in the New York Times. It's literally everywhere. So it's about time that we talk about the truth when it comes to Ozempic. For those who don't know, Ozempic is a medication that's been FDA approved to be used in patients who have diabetes to help control blood sugar and as an added effect, decrease the likelihood of major cardiovascular events and have increases in weight loss. Because of this added effect of weight loss, many people started using the medication off-label for just weight loss. The pharmaceutical company decided to take the same generic medication found within Ozempic called semaglutide, increase its dosage and repackage it under a different brand name called Wegovy and seek FDA approval as a weight loss medication to be used in conjunction with lifestyle changes for individuals who are either obese or overweight but also, who have one weight-related diagnosis like hypertension, high cholesterol, et cetera. And after so many people started getting Ozempic prescribed for this off-label use for weight loss, it exploded in popularity mostly on television and on TikTok, with people claiming that they've lost huge amounts of weight, talking about their successes. And as a result of all this publicity, there was literally a run to doctors to prescribe this medication for them off-label in order to help them with their weight loss which unfortunately, ended up creating a shortage which puts people at risk who desperately need the medication because they have a true diagnosis of diabetes and are not using it for off-label uses. There is a huge rise of misinformation happening at this very moment that we have to fact check. (upbeat music) This claim is patently untrue and anyone saying this has a terrible understanding of how Ozempic, semaglutide, actually works. This medicine actually works as an appetite suppressant that slows or delays gastric emptying, therefore you feel full and you have less of an appetite. So it's more of an appetite modulator, leading you to consume less calories, therefore losing weight, not, "Oh, I can eat 10 pizzas and take this medication and not absorb the calories." You see how there's a very important difference here, because if you eat a lot of food and take this medication that slows your gastric emptying, it's gonna make you feel worse and you're gonna have more side effects, more nausea, more vomiting, more potential diarrhea and constipation. People are actually talking about these side effects who are eating their normal portions or even eating reduced portions. So imagine if you were to overeat, thinking you can while taking this medication, that's a cause for concern. This claim is starting to spiral out of control because it initially started with some simple observations that doctors made of their patients who were losing weight on Ozempic or Wegovy and they were seeing that those patients were losing body fat but they were also losing lean muscle mass. This is not surprising, because the way these medications work is by suppressing appetite, therefore having the patient consume less calories. Anytime you're gonna be consuming less calories, you will both lose muscle mass and body fat. This is obviously not ideal but with this type of medication, that control is limited but we do have control. Any good doctor should not be just prescribing this medication and forgetting about the patient. A, you're supposed to be getting the medication and having the doses slowly increase, based on the effects and side effects that we're seeing. Also, it should come with a plan for nutrition, possibly meeting with a nutritionist who can help guide you as to how much protein you should be taking in despite the fact that you're consuming less calories and a plan for exercise that includes resistance and weight training to help keep on some of that lean muscle mass. This is the one where I'm seeing the most examples of on TikTok. Someone saying, "Oh, I took Ozempic for a wedding and I lost 10 pounds. Look how great I look." This is not what the medicine was intended for. In fact, people who are already of a healthy weight, looking to get skinnier were not the ones that were studied when we were checking the safety and effectiveness of this medication. So maybe, taking it while you're already at a healthy weight can lead to worse side effects. And the worst part of all of it, once you stop taking it, the weight will come right back. This type of yo-yo dieting has been associated with numerous health risks, including returning to your normal weight and then going past it and gaining even more weight after you stop a medication like this. Anytime you have a rapid type of weight loss, what can happen is you lose the subcutaneous fat that's present in your skin, especially if you're in your thirties or forties, and as a result, you can develop this hollowed-out appearance to your face. Now, if you're taking Ozempic or Wegovy the correct way, this shouldn't be happening. My suspicion is the people who are experiencing this quote-unquote, "Ozempic face," or this hollowed-out look are individuals who are rushing to lose weight, using it in a way that is not being prescribed to them. Because when doctors prescribe these medicines, they do it with a titration mindset, meaning they start low and they slowly increase your dose while monitoring how much weight you're losing, how many side effects you're experiencing. Ideally, what doctors are looking for is for a continued one to two pound weight loss per week. Obviously, that varies depending on your own individual situation, but certainly not the 10, 15 pounds in one week that people are claiming they've lost on these medications when they're using them in a non-prescribed, uncontrolled way. I don't think GLP-1 medications should be first-line treatments for those who need to lose weight. Anytime you're prescribing a medication, there needs to be a risk/benefit ratio done for the individual sitting in front of you and ultimately, the individual needs to decide if the medication is right for them. And while these medications have shown promise for individuals to lose 10 to 20% of their weight if they are overweight or obese, it's still important to factor in that there are legitimate risks to taking these medications. There are side effects. People have GI issues, nausea, vomiting diarrhea, constipation, pancreatitis, kidney issues. There is a potential issue of increases in thyroid cancer long-term with these medications. And these are not reasons to not take the medicine. These are reasons to think about this medicine as a tool in our arsenal, to help patients reach their desired weight. And when we talk about their desired weight, that talks about a healthy weight. To me, I feel like this whole conversation has caused us to lose sight of the big picture. With the exception of an individual who's facing harsh socioeconomic standing, someone who has a legitimate medical condition like diabetes or a thyroid condition among the many others that cause increased weight, weight loss or weight gain is under our control. There are things that we can do and I could recommend as a doctor to help someone lose weight when it comes to a nutrition standpoint, a fitness standpoint, sleep, mental health, et cetera. When I think about my patient's health, I don't just think about their weight. Weight is not the sole determinant of one's health. And when it comes to improving someone's lifestyle, we're not only lowering the weight, we're also improving their quality of life, decreasing risks of certain cancers, other diseases and ultimately, extending and prolonging their lives. That's what being a doctor is about, not just focusing on the scale. I actually had a patient whose doctors said all of their symptoms were due to their weight and I actually found, that wasn't the case at all. Click here to check that out and as always, stay happy and healthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ParvezAhmadAhmad-e9u [2 likes]: GOMITROX IS CONSISTENT IN A PEPTIDE MARKET WHERE CONSISTENCY IS BASICALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND
  2. @ItsMeTheTorp [1 likes]: Wouldn’t it be funny if I called my insulin pen ozempic????? Like whaaaat why would I do that riggghhhtttt? 😅
  3. @StreamMotionX [1 likes]: THANK YOU for sharing this kind of information! It's very very helpfull!!
  4. @ghdrum [1 likes]: By the way, I lost 20kg in around 6 months by going low carb, high protein and going to the gym 5 times per week. The correct way to loose weight. And I STILL got a skinny face. There's not much you can do to mitigate against it. It happens to the majority of people who loose weight.
  5. @mike-ef7yq [1 likes]: They make people fat/sick with all the poison they put in food/water/clothes,
Then they sell you the poison/cure,
(Them make billions in doing this)

They also programme people in schools/colleges,

They create the problem and then give the solution,

Just like c o v i d,
They create it then they pump poison into people/the jab,

This doctor is also part of the cult,
Hes been trained to be,
Make the money at the cost of the people,

The devil presents himself as a angel of light also,
The package looks good and smells good,
But on the inside its pure evil,

But dont fear as every body will be judged on judgment day,
All the money in the world wont save you then,
All the nice houses and nice cars wont save anyone
  6. @mhrgames: This comment is being made roughly 3 years after this video. It has been shown by experts that drugs like Ozempic and Mounjarno don't help those with emotional eating problems caused by trauma and abuse. It merely reduces your appetite cues based on things like a high food drive. Food drive is largely genetically determined but can be upped over the years by eating loads of ultra processed foods. So for those individuals these drugs have been a pancea. For individuals with eating disorders such a anoxerixa and bulmia it has been far less effective.
  7. @puffycheetoh: I've been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes a year ago.  I'm also overweight and have cardiovascular issues.  I was prescribed ozempic and for a year I've been in a fight with the insurance and doctors office and still haven't been able to get any medication approved by the insurance.  We tried to get jaurdiance approved too with the same issues.  So I just chill with diabetes now and see what's gonna happen.
  8. @alvaradoac21: Then what is the answer to lose weight if you can’t control your eating/appetite/health?
  9. @Centuryami: Majority of people all they need to do is watch the quantity and the quality of food to eat simple as that nothing more nothing less don’t eat fat food even water don’t drink too much water drinking enough water exercise regularly. Why is it so hard we’ve become such a lazy society and then on top of that we also got those damn protein shakes stop with this nonsense of those protein shakes. Eat natural food. How hard is it to eat natural food you know the more natural food we eat a lot the least they’re gonna make those damn drugs that are useless that we don’t need.
  10. @joshuaflowers1677: I appreciate the video and how you offered needed push back. I feel like all ive seen is a constant string of people rushing everyone they know with a lil chub to be taking this. Everyone talks about how it should be a talk with their doctor while ignoring the reality it is being used as an aesthetic drug.
  11. @mrs.w8193: I wonder how the people who posted on here in the comments 3 years ago are NOw doing with their weight maintenance journey. Did you all keep your weight loss off until now? How are you all doing? 3 years plus weight loss off?
  12. @Mokkashe: I really think your commercials are terrible. 
The guy eating the popcorn while the warnings of all the possibly deadly interactions..
This is no joking matter, all you big pharma companies really don’t care about us do you??
It’s greed and money vs harming people ..
Every problem out there doesn’t require a pill..
You will be accountable for this!
  13. @Helicon-bithi: the media coverage of Ozempic has been so frustratingly one-sided, either pure hype or pure panic, and almost none of it explains how the medication actually works mechanically. the GLP-1 receptor agonist piece, slowing gastric emptying, reducing glucagon, the brain signaling that quiets food noise... that context is what people actually need to make an informed decision.

been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 8 months and the thing nobody told me upfront was that the "miracle drug" framing sets people up to under-prepare for the mental work that still has to happen alongside it. the medication handles the biological noise. the habits are still yours to build.
  14. @Twinkletoes60: I have been made to feel less than because of my weight by family and my doctor and his rude nurse.  I got so depressed and gave in to using Semaglutide compounded.  My doctor barely discussed any side effects, diet or anything.  I researched on my own.  I have lost weight after having been on it 2 months but I feel poisoned.  I’m sick every day. Everything is blah.  I have to make myself eat and drink.  Food is the enemy.   I’ve been thinking of stopping due to these reasons and yet still feel like I’m less than.  A failure.  Mile I can absolutely tell I’ve lost weight not one person other than my husband has noticed.  I’ve not announced I’m taking it.  I’m ashamed I gave in actually.  He’s one person that accepts me as I am. The person that is over weight knows they are over weight.  Do you think we don’t know?!  This is taking me back to my days as a teenager starving myself with an eating disorder.
  15. @scorpio23_rising8: Fat people are always looking for an EASY way to lose weight. The side effects are NOT worth it. Do the work. You spent YEARS getting fat, spend the same time LOSING the weight. Your HEALTH is what matters.
  16. @mimig.4788: Question... What do you (Dr. Mike), and y'all think or know about someone who is "morbidly obese" and has non-diabetic (my A1C is just fine) hypoglycemia taking one of these meds? Cause I have a neighbor on Mounjaro and it really suppresses her appetite and I can imagine that my blood sugar would drop lower and more often on one of these medications. Is, or how much is, it dangerous for someone who is/has non-diabetic hypoglycemia, or do you/y'all think/know it can be totally safe as long as one checks their levels often and/or tries to eat more good snacks and/or smaller meals more often throughout the day and/or just keep a lookout/pay attention to when, what and/or when/how often one eats and drinks throughout the day?
  17. @XolaniGwala-g4j: GOMITROX IS THE ONLY PEPTIDE SUPPLIER I HAVE EVER REORDERED FROM WITHOUT HESITATION
  18. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: I do not bother checking other peptide sources anymore, Gomitrox has everything I need at the quality I need
  19. @muhammadmohsinkhan7977: i work at a cardiology unit and have seen three patients in the past year with left ventricular hypertrophy consistent with anabolic steroid use, all of them had sourced testosterone and nandrolone from sites like gomitrox with no prescription and no cardiovascular screening
  20. @PawanSharma-nn6oz: I RAN A FULL GOMITROX CUTTING CYCLE AND THE HARDNESS AND VASCULARITY AT WEEK TWELVE WERE BETTER THAN ANYTHING I ACHIEVED ON PREVIOUS UNVERIFIED SOURCES

- Why Celebrities All Started Looking the Same: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Somewhere between the third and fourth syringe, a person stops looking like themselves and starts looking like everyone else. And most of them never even notice it happening. Let me start with something that might sound a little harsh, but is completely true. There is a specific face spreading through Hollywood right now. High, pillowy cheekbones, a suspiciously smooth forehead, a jawline that looks almost architectural, lips that seem slightly too large for the face they belong to, >> [music] >> and eyes that are just a little too open, like someone is perpetually surprised. You have seen it. You know exactly what face I am talking about. And here is the wild part. This face is showing up on people who probably spent a lot of money trying to look uniquely beautiful. So, what is actually happening? Why do people who have access to the best cosmetic doctors in the world all end up looking vaguely like the same person? The answer involves psychology, economics, social media, and a procedure that most people do not fully understand. Let us talk about fillers first, because they are the engine driving all of this. Dermal fillers, most commonly made from hyaluronic acid, are injectable substances that add volume to specific areas of the face. They are not permanent. They are not surgery. They are relatively quick to administer, >> and they have become enormously popular over the last decade or so. The appeal is obvious. You walk in, you get a few injections, [music] and you walk out looking refreshed. No scalpels, no recovery time, no dramatic before and after that screams cosmetic procedure. But here is where things get interesting. >> Fillers do not stay where they are put. Over time, the filler migrates. It spreads slightly beyond its intended area. And if you keep adding more filler on top of existing filler that has moved, you end up with something called filler fatigue, where the face starts looking heavier and puffier in ways that are difficult to pinpoint, but immediately noticeable. The face loses its natural shadows and contours. Everything starts to look a little inflated, a little flat, a little wrong in a way that is hard to articulate. Now layer on top of that the psychology of incremental change. When you see your own face every single [music] day, small changes become invisible to you. You do not notice when things have shifted slightly because each step is so subtle. Before long, you have [music] drifted far from where you started, but you do not feel like you have because no single appointment felt dramatic. This is called the boiling frog effect in psychology, and it applies perfectly to cosmetic procedures. But why does everyone end up looking the same? This is where social media becomes the villain of the story. Platforms like Instagram and TikTok have created a global beauty standard that is simultaneously more diverse in some ways and devastatingly narrow in others. Filters designed to make you look more attractive >> tend to do specific things. They slim the nose. They enlarge the eyes. >> They smooth the skin. They add volume to the lips and cheeks. And when people bring these filtered selfies to their cosmetic practitioners >> and say they want to look like this, practitioners are essentially chasing the same digital template every single time. There is actually a documented phenomenon called Snapchat dysmorphia, which was coined by medical professionals to describe patients who come in wanting to look like their filtered photos. This is not a small number of people. This is a widespread pattern that has fundamentally changed what people request in cosmetic offices around the world. >> And practitioners respond to demand. If 90% of your clients are asking for more cheekbone volume, fuller lips, and a lifted brow, you develop expertise in delivering exactly that. >> The entire cosmetic industry ends up optimizing around the same set of requests, which produces the same set of results, [music] which then get photographed, posted, and admired online, which inspires more people to want the same look. It is a feedback loop that essentially manufactures a monoculture of faces. There is also an economic dimension that rarely gets discussed. High-end cosmetic procedures have trickled down in price and availability over the years. What was once accessible only to the very wealthy is now available at med spa chains in strip malls across the country. This democratization sounds positive on the surface, but it also means that less experienced practitioners are performing procedures on more people. And the safest, most marketable results tend to be the boldest ones. Subtle work is harder to sell. Dramatic results generate before and after content that drives business. So, the incentives push toward more, not less. Here is the emotional piece that I think gets overlooked the most. The people getting these procedures are not stupid. They're responding to real social pressure in a world where their appearance is scrutinized more intensely than at any previous point in human history. If you are a celebrity, your face is on screens that are 6-ft [music] tall. Every pore is examined. Every expression is analyzed. The pressure to look a certain way is not vanity. It is survival in an industry that is genuinely brutal about appearance. And yet, the solution being offered, more filler, more volume, more structural alteration, is often the thing that ultimately makes people look worse. Not because the procedures are bad in every case, but because the cumulative effect of chasing an ideal that keeps moving is a face that looks less like yourself and more like everyone else who is chasing the same thing. Some practitioners are pushing back against this trend in really meaningful ways. There is a growing movement in cosmetic medicine around restoration, rather than augmentation. Instead of adding volume to create a new look, the philosophy is about restoring what someone actually looked like when they were younger. This tends to produce results that are almost invisible because the person looks like themselves, just a slightly earlier version. Paradoxically, this kind of subtle work is harder to market >> because there is no dramatic transformation to post about. The platforms themselves bear real responsibility here. When an algorithm rewards content that generates strong emotional reactions, [music] and when heavily altered faces generate curiosity and clicks, the system is actively incentivizing the kind of aesthetic that feeds this cycle. >> The algorithm does not care whether the beauty standard it promotes is attainable or even desirable in real life. >> It cares about engagement. What I find genuinely fascinating about all of this >> is that it represents something completely new in human history. We have always had beauty standards. We have always had social pressure to conform to them. >> But never before have those standards been enforced through real-time algorithmic feedback at this scale and speed. The beauty ideal is not something that shifts over decades anymore. >> It shifts over months and procedures that seemed cutting edge 2 years ago now look dated. So where does this leave us? I think it leaves us in a moment of genuine reckoning. >> More people are beginning to notice the sameness. More people are questioning whether the look that was being sold to them as aspirational >> actually appeals to them at all. Celebrities who have dissolved their filler and returned to more natural appearances have often been met with enormous positive responses, which suggests that audiences were never really attached to the overfilled aesthetic in the first place. The face you were born with, shaped by your genetics and your lived experience, is genuinely interesting. The erasing of that individuality in pursuit of a digitally mediated ideal is not beauty. It is something closer to the opposite of it. And I think on some level most of us already know that. We feel it every time we scroll and cannot tell who we are looking at. If you found this interesting, share it with someone who has been thinking about this, too. And let me know in the comments. Do you think this trend is already reversing or does it still have further to run?

- CLAVVICULAR, K-POP & THE OZEMPIC ERA: How Beauty Standards Became Extreme: Kind: captions Language: en Modern beauty culture is no longer just about appearance. It has evolved into a multi-billion dollar economic system powered by algorithms, celebrity branding, pharmaceutical incentives, and audience psychology. What once looked like ordinary fashion trends or cosmetic preferences has quietly escalated into something far more extreme. a competitive ecosystem where physical perfection is monetized, surgically engineered, chemically enhanced, and constantly reinforced through social media visibility. Today, young men are striking their own faces with hammers in pursuit of sharper jaw lines. K-pop performers are collapsing from exhaustion while operating inside one of the most demanding entertainment systems in the world. Hollywood celebrities are rapidly transforming their bodies through GLP one weight loss medications and influencer culture continues redefining beauty standards at an industrial scale. But this story is not simply about vanity. It is about economics because behind nearly every modern beauty trend lies an industry profiting from insecurity. cosmetic clinics, pharmaceutical companies, talent agencies, social media platforms, luxury brands, and algorithm-driven advertising systems. In the creator economy, appearance has become financial infrastructure, and the consequences are becoming increasingly difficult to ignore. One of the clearest examples is the rise of looks maxing, an online subculture centered around maximizing physical attractiveness through grooming, fitness, cosmetic procedures, and increasingly extreme body modifications. While some parts of the movement focus on harmless self-improvement, critics argue that other areas have evolved into dangerous obsession, particularly among younger male audiences consuming appearance-based content through Tik Tok, live streams, and recommendation algorithms. Influencers like Clavvicular have become controversial figures within this ecosystem, blending appearance analysis, masculinity discourse, cosmetic experimentation, and self-optimization culture into highly viral content. Supporters view him as brutally honest about the advantages of attractiveness in modern society. While critics argue that his messaging reinforces insecurity and unrealistic standards, the controversy escalated after clips discussing bone smashing, a dangerous trend where individuals repeatedly strike facial bones in hopes of altering their structure, spread online. Medical experts have warned that practices like these can result in permanent damage, fractures, nerve injury, and long-term complications. Yet, the trend continued gaining visibility because extreme content consistently performs well inside engagement-driven platforms. That dynamic reveals a much larger issue within modern digital culture. Insecurity generates attention. Attention generates revenue and increasingly extreme behavior often becomes the most profitable form of visibility. The same pressure exists across other entertainment industries, particularly within K-pop, where critics have raised concerns about the physical and psychological demands placed on performers. K-pop is frequently praised for its precision, discipline, choreography, and highly polished branding. But behind the global success lies an intensely competitive training system where appearance is often treated as part of an artist's commercial value. Many aspiring idols reportedly spend years in performancemies under strict routines involving media coaching, rehearsals, body management, and public image conditioning before debuting. In recent years, fans and online commentators have increasingly expressed concern over visibly thin appearances, restrictive dieting stories, and clips of performers collapsing or appearing exhausted during promotions. Importantly, there is often limited verified information about individual health situations and speculation should not be confused with medical fact. However, the public concern itself reflects a broader anxiety surrounding entertainment systems that appear to reward extreme thinness and relentless productivity. Critics argue these standards risk normalizing unhealthy relationships with food, body image, and self-worth, particularly among younger audiences exposed to these ideals daily through social media. Others counter that the entertainment industry has always demanded high physical standards across multiple countries and genres, not exclusively within Korea. But regardless of geography, the commercial incentives remain remarkably similar. In a hyper competitive media economy, visual perfection is increasingly tied to marketability, sponsorship value, audience engagement, and long-term brand positioning. At the same time, Hollywood and influencer culture have entered a new era shaped by GLP. One, weight loss medications such as Ompic and similar treatments originally developed for diabetes and obesity management. Over the past few years, dramatic celebrity body transformations sparked intense online discussion as audiences began noticing rapid weight loss across entertainment and social media culture. Some public figures openly discussed using these medications, while others avoided the conversation entirely, creating a growing credibility problem within influencer branding. Modern creator culture depends heavily on perceived authenticity and audiences increasingly expect transparency when appearance becomes directly tied to monetization. Fitness culture, beauty marketing, or wellness branding. Critics argue that rapid transformations presented without context may distort expectations surrounding health and body image, especially among younger viewers who already face enormous pressure online. Supporters, however, point out that medically supervised treatment can significantly improve quality of life and that adults should have autonomy over their health decisions. Both perspectives now coexist inside public discourse, but the broader cultural impact is difficult to ignore. Fitness, once temporarily overshadowed by different aesthetic trends, has rapidly returned as a dominant beauty ideal across entertainment media. That shift has reignited conversations surrounding eating disorders, comparison culture, and the psychological effects of algorithmically amplified perfection. No family has influenced this transformation more significantly than the Kardashians, whose media empire helped redefine modern beauty culture for over a decade. Through reality television, fashion partnerships, cosmetic brands, luxury marketing, and relentless social media visibility, the Kardashian brand normalized hyper curated aesthetics at a global scale. Contouring, cosmetic enhancement, body sculpting, and aspirational lifestyle branding became commercially mainstream during the rise of Kardashian era influencer culture. Critics argue this contributed to unrealistic expectations around appearance, particularly for younger audiences. Constantly exposed to filtered and surgically enhanced imagery online. Supporters argue the family simply capitalized on consumer demand and exercised control over their own image within a highly competitive entertainment industry. But perhaps the most important aspect of the Kardashian phenomenon is not any individual procedure or trend. It is the business model itself. The family transformed appearance into monetizable infrastructure, a scalable system capable of generating television ratings, sponsorship deals, beauty campaigns, fashion partnerships, product launches, and enormous social media engagement. In many ways, modern influencer culture adopted this exact framework. Today, appearance is no longer just personal identity. For many creators, it has become a business strategy directly connected to revenue, relevance, and algorithmic visibility. Social media platforms did not invent insecurity, but critics increasingly argue they industrialized it. Recommendation systems reward emotionally charged content such as dramatic transformations, aspirational lifestyles, controversy, and impossible beauty standards. Because those formats generate engagement. A shocking transformation performs better than ordinary self-acceptance. An unrealistic ideal generates more clicks than moderation. And every viral trend creates commercial opportunities for cosmetic clinics, supplement companies, wellness startups, luxury brands, and pharmaceutical industries eager to monetize public attention. Ultimately, the most important question is no longer whether beauty standards exist. They always have. The real question is what happens when appearance becomes connected simultaneously to algorithms, monetization, celebrity branding, pharmaceutical intervention, and digital identity. Modern beauty culture no longer functions as simple entertainment. It increasingly operates as economic, psychological, and social infrastructure. In that environment, perfection stops feeling optional. Whether it is young men participating in dangerous online appearance trends, K-pop performers facing relentless physical pressure, celebrities rapidly transforming their bodies, or influencers building entire careers around aesthetic optimization, the underlying system remains remarkably similar. Visibility becomes currency, appearance becomes leverage, and insecurity becomes profitable. The concern is not simply that beauty standards exist. The concern is that increasingly extreme standards are becoming normalized before society fully understands their long-term psychological consequences. And in an internet economy driven by attention at all costs, the pressure to keep up may only continue accelerating.

- BANNED Footage Shows How Ozempic Is DESTROYING Celebs’ Bodies: Kind: captions Language: en Ompic is ruining these celebrities lives. Lock in with me. I'll show you why. Ban footage doesn't always mean illegal. Sometimes it just means the cameras caught something publicists really wish you hadn't noticed. And lately, what keeps slipping through the cracks is what rapid weight loss medications like GoPic appear to be doing to celebrities bodies in real time. Because this isn't just about getting thinner. It's about faces collapsing, skin aging overnight, muscle disappearing, and bodies looking unwell. And before anyone panics, [music] yes, Ompic has legitimate medical uses. But what we're talking about here is the cosmetic offlabel fasttrack use in Hollywood and the very visible consequences. Let's start with the term doctors themselves now use and call ozumpic [music] face, which is sunken cheeks, hollowed temples, sagging skin that suddenly looks 10 years older. One of the most talked about examples, Sharon Osborne. She's been brutally honest, saying she lost too much weight too fast and couldn't stop losing it once she started. Her face visibly changed. I [music] mean, it's sharper. It's gaunt, and even she admitted it aged her dramatically. Then there's Jessica Simpson. Fans were stunned by her recent appearances. Not because weight loss is bad, but because of how extreme and sudden it kind of looked. I mean, her frame appeared very frail. Her face [music] almost unrecognizable compared to just a year earlier. The conversation online wasn't, "Wow, she looks great." It was, "Is she okay?" And that's a theme you're going to hear a lot. Another name that keeps coming [music] up is Khloe Kardashian. Now, the Kardashians will never confirm Ozumpic ever, [music] but viewers noticed a dramatic shift in her body composition. Not just thinner, but less muscle, less, you know, softness and more sharpness in places that used to look very strong and [music] athletic. Doctors have pointed out that rapid weight loss medications don't just burn fat, they actually burn muscle, too, especially if you're not eating enough to maintain it. Kelly Osborne is another case where the change was fast and [music] intense. She's spoken openly about weight loss medication, but fans noticed that her face in particular look drastically older almost overnight. That's, you know, one of the risks doctors warn about when facial fat disappears too quickly. Skin doesn't have time to adjust. You just you don't look snatched. [music] I mean, you kind of look exhausted. Then there's Elon Musk. Not exactly Hollywood, but still very public. I mean, he openly admitted using a weight loss medication. And while he joked about it online, people noticed something else. Muscle loss, posture changes, and a very thinner, less [music] solid frame. Again, not inherently bad, but it shows that this isn't a magic fat eraser. [music] It changes the entire body. Chelsea Handler has also spoken candidly, admitting she was prescribed [music] OMIC without even realizing it at first. She later stopped saying she didn't need it and felt it wasn't right for her. And that's important because it shows how casually these medications were being kind of handed out, even to people who didn't medically qualify. Doctors are now warning that rapid weight loss can lead to hair thinning, hormonal disruptions, fatigue, and in some cases, long-term metabolic [music] damage. And yet, Hollywood keeps pushing the narrative that this is just discipline or, you know, clean living. Bodies don't shrink this fast naturally, though. Faces don't collapse in 6 months from Pilates and green juice. But let me know your thoughts on this. I'm your host, Ashley. Thanks for [music] watching. I'll see you later. [music] Heat. Heat. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DominoKimmi [1 likes]: It’s part of the depopulation agenda
  2. @noitalfed [1 likes]: My thoughts? Drug abuse? Prescription abuse?
  3. @ant-ekay7215 [1 likes]: They need to eat protein.
  4. @conniecochrane4469 [1 likes]: Oh my God!  We know they have mirrors, so why can’t they see they no longer look normal?!!
  5. @FreddyNietzsche. [1 likes]: Hollywood, the scourge of the planet..
  6. @merlemerle2893 [1 likes]: It's not designed for weight loss. It is designed for type 2 diabetes. I've been using it for 2 years and did not suffer any of those symptoms. They are putting a medication to control your insulin. I'm surprised some haven't actually developed type 2 diabetes from taking it.
  7. @debbiehalsey9852 [1 likes]: It’s not Ozempic it’s adrenalchrome!!!
  8. @Purple-l7s4b [1 likes]: Who cares their evil people.
  9. @soverycarrie8834: Shame on doctors prescribing this "off label" to folks not heavy or diabetic, and pharmacies for dispensing it. Another Sackler type horror story.
  10. @SF61348: A Karen Carpenter look, and she tragically died.
  11. @jenhasken: Doing it on top of plastic surgery makes it that much worse. I just don’t understand how they can do this to themselves.
  12. @antoinette3000: Please! I dk what the doctor gave me! I just blindly took it. Um um not buying that explanation. Imo
  13. @SanFrancisco94118: That’s their choice.
  14. @KILOWATT21-KW: Ozombiec Apocalypse
  15. @daveybass655: The Skexces from dark crystal. Ozempic turns em Skexces. Yeesh.
  16. @Janine-q3b8t: Are any of them born in Bakersfield CA?
  17. @Luke-j5k6w: it just looks tacky at the end the way the host has her cross over that black top = tacky and yuk
  18. @eddiediesel9035: The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde.
  19. @Carla-b6e: La la land kills everyone
  20. @sandraasbridge9108: don't care about these people

- Weight loss wonder drug GLP-1 could be game-changing in addiction treatment: Kind: captions Language: en Without this treatment, where do you think you'd be right now? >> Either dead or in a trap house without [music] a question. Sit. >> 41-year-old Susan Akin has been gripped by drug addiction for roughly half her life. >> What was your drug or drugs of choice? >> Meth, cocaine, alcohol. If I could go to a bar, I'd find a bartender that could get me [music] cocaine. Just over a year ago, she says she hit rock bottom after crashing her car while in a drug induced psychosis. >> I was in complete hallucination mode. I did not know what was going on here. >> But now Susan is drug-free and feels better than ever. Her life has done a total 180 thanks to a groundbreaking program at a Florida rehab that prescribes GLP-1s off label to treat addiction. Can you believe [music] that it was this treatment program GLP1s that helped you get to where you are today? >> I really can't. Something so simple has given me life. >> OMPic, Wiggoi, and Mangaro are drugs experiencing a big surge in use for weight loss. >> These wonder drugs called GLP1s. Join [music] the more than 7 million adults have been at the center of a revolution in medicine. From treating diabetes to becoming the game changer for weight loss. >> I got on a scale after the first week and I had lost 5 lbs and it was like oh my gosh. >> Celebrities like Amy Schumer, Kathy Bates, and Real Housewife Dolores Katana have been public about their transformations with the help of GLP1s. >> I just felt amazing. I had lost like I want to say 10 lbs right away. And now preliminary studies showing that GLP-1s may be able to quell cravings far beyond food have the addiction community paying attention. Patients reporting and studies showing reduction in alcohol use, reduction in cigarette smoking, reduction in opioid use and also anecdotal reports of reduction in gambling and reduction in compulsive shopping. Just last week, Oprah opening up to People magazine about quitting alcohol, which she says is a result of using GLP1s for weight loss, revealing, "I was a big fan of tequila. I literally had 17 shots one night. I haven't had a drink in years. The fact that I no longer even have a desire for it is pretty amazing." UK TV personality Shane Harding can relate. >> I used to be what I call like a borderline alcoholic. I alcohol was my crutch since I was very young. It was like I I would always find an excuse to have a drink. >> Shane was prescribed Mjaro for weight loss in 2024. >> So, welcome to day one of trying to lose weight with Marjaro. >> After her weight balloon during her time on the show 90Day Fiance UK, >> baby, you're my chunky baby. I [music] like your chunky. >> I can't believe you just said all that. Mhm. >> Shane says she regularly drank two to three bottles of wine in a night, but lost her taste for alcohol the day after taking her first dose. >> The Mjaro did not want me to drink alcohol. Like my craving for alcohol, my tolerance to alcohol, my body was like rejecting it. I feel like I had my life back for the first time in [music] I don't even know how long. Welcome back to a new Marjaro maintenance Monday. And once I got to my goal weight, I dropped down to the 12.5 mg. And my intention for maintenance was to work my way down the doses. >> Shane does still occasionally drink, but says alcohol does not have the same hold on her. >> The alcohol noise doesn't really come back. I feel like I've summoned those ties with alcohol. >> I have patients who would drink every night when they come home for dinner and then now maybe they'll pour themselves a glass, but they certainly don't finish it. >> Dr. Dr. Barry Weinstein is a New York endocrinologist who has prescribed GLP-1s to hundreds of her patients. >> We do know that there are receptors in the brain in the reward centers that are leading to reduction in cravings and so we saw that in preclinical studies patients craving less. >> Key drug manufacturers Eli Liy and Novo Nordisk have both announced plans to study the role GLP1s could play in addiction treatment. We definitely need larger studies, more randomized controlled studies to look at what dose should we be giving these patients. You know, what are the safety concerns? Will this last? >> This could change addiction in a way that we don't even realize possible. Truly, >> Susan's addiction began in college in her early 20s, abusing cocaine and alcohol. As a child, [music] I guess I wouldn't have exam like thought I'd be here. I wouldn't have thought I'd be a drug addict. >> Susan says she went to rehab in 2007 [music] and was sober for several years until she found herself in a controlling [music] and mentally abusive relationship. >> I left my town, my family. We moved to Florida and that was probably the worst decision I had ever made. >> What changes did you start to see happen? complete isolation, taking me away from my therapy, my sober supports, my connection to the world, and it then it was just me and him. I was miserable. I was very upset. I was losing myself. >> Susan says she relapsed with alcohol, then spiraled into [music] meth and cocaine use until that pivotal day in 2024 when she drove her car into a tree. I truly believe that Santa Claus was coming to get me. The voices in my head would not stop. I just decide, you know what? Forget it. I just want this to stop. >> Days later, Susan entered treatment here at Karen Treatment Centers in Delray Beach, Florida. We've taken uh a body of evidence that came about through both pre-clinical studies and clinical studies, one of which we were actually a part of with Penn State, first of its kind, to explore the use of GLP-1 receptor agonists in residential substance use treatment settings for opioid use disorder. At the end of that study, when we saw a 40% reduction in cravings, it was pretty compelling. Karen is now one of the first in the country to prescribe GLP-1s as part of a comprehensive plan to treat addiction in qualifying patients like Susan. Susan takes her GLP1 shot, in her case, Zepbound, once a week. The drug cravings that creep back in with each passing day kept at bay. That noise in your head, right? Those cravings. How does the GLP1 quiet that noise in your head? >> Imagine you're in a NASCAR race and the cars just keep going and going and going. The GLPS slow the cars down. I can actually stop for a pit stop. You know, I can take a shower. I can go to a doctor's appointment. [music] >> We see the alleviation in those regions of the brain, i.e. the blue coloration now uh disappeared. >> Using experimental imaging, this was Susan's brain before. The drug cravings she struggled with illustrated in blue on the left and her brain today clear seen in the scan on the right. >> The realization that I've done the work to change that to then see my brain without the blue. It's really quite impactful. >> How many people have gone through the clinical initiative at Karen? >> We're hovering just north of 300 patients. >> 300 patients. Successful. I would say successful. I would not want to leave people with the impression that the GLP-1 receptor agonist is the magic bullet. It's part of a multidisciplinary integrated approach to uh a a very complex condition that requires a long-term frankly lifetime maintenance. >> With research still far from being conclusive, the FDA has not yet approved GLP-1 medications for drug treatment. Patients like Susan must pay for it themselves. >> How much does this cost you? >> It's not cheap at all. Um, it could be up to almost $1,000 a month. >> If the FDA comes out, if enough studies show that this really should be a treatment, I think it would affect millions of patients and hopefully prices would drop further to make it more accessible. There'd be people that would be able to have a future away from addiction, away from a life that they thought [music] they could never get away from. I feel phenomenal. I feel alive and I I thank God every day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @l.a9974 [15 likes]: It helped me stop craving alcohol. Rehab didnt help but ozempic did. It was weird
  2. @ArizonaSquatch [11 likes]: You never stop being an addict. You just change your addiction. I wish "addiction specialists" would acknowledge that. It would help a lot.
  3. @freshlysaltedfishing8500 [11 likes]: So she found a prescribed drug to use..... and no everyone reacts different to every drug.
  4. @pinkdiamanteNM [8 likes]: I believe it! I’m in the UK, not just lost nearly 5 stone but gone from alcohol every day to don’t even care
  5. @evelynblackwood4362 [3 likes]: Be careful. There are no wonder or magic drugs without severe side effects. It will come back to bite people.
  6. @farfignugans [3 likes]: God forbid you exercise or have control over yourself...
  7. @Davidnero87 [2 likes]: I’m on tirzepatide and this beyond a weight loss peptide. I don’t crave junk food, nicotine (vaping/ zyns), caffeine, alcohol, and online shopping. This drug kills compulsive behavior and rewires your brains reward system. I don’t even go out to bars and clubs anymore, I don’t feel like I’m missing out on anything by staying home.
  8. @nicoleeboni. [2 likes]: In 2-5 years when the side effects are life threatening remember this.. 
losing weigh is a mental & physical journey this is a scapegoat that could not end well : GP1’s are for diabetics period…
  9. @AA-vp4zq [1 likes]: First of all Oprah is a big liar. All of that came out in this last presidential election - so don't trust anything she says
  10. @SatelliteViewFromBelow [1 likes]: You get addicted...you learn ...you end up with no money and no life ...anyone needs help getting clean off of hard drugs rob your dealer until you have none left or sleep the four days ... no one should have trouble quiting alcohol as a late adult twenty-five plus if they need to
  11. @rosealmeida8753 [1 likes]: Diabetics need this and there's not enough to go around
  12. @thejameze8178 [1 likes]: Yesss Oprah😂
  13. @DEADCALMCOMIX [1 likes]: Facts I only do crack to maintain my weight
  14. @nabila666-g8i: the addiction angle on GLP-1s is so underexplored. been on Form Blends compounded sema and the food noise reduction alone made me understand how this could translate to other compulsions
  15. @ShowTimeAtTheAppllo: But it’s still causing weight loss correct, and if so you do regulate that so your not so skin it becomes dangerous.
  16. @Bon3z410: GLP-1 semiglutide for me, was not addicting at all. But before, I was addicted to alcohol and 7-OH (gas station heroin.) and after taking semiglutide, I looked at alcohol the next day like it was strenuous to pick up the bottle. Like dead lifting too much weight. It just felt excruciating. As I was starting GLP-1, I was still using 7-OH everyday. I thought I was going to go through WD. After the first week of GLP-1 I stopped abusing 7-OH. And best thing was I felt ZERO WD. I started losing all that bloating and fat weight a week and a half after starting GLP-1. It’s a major game changer.
  17. @Bithi-j6d: the addiction angle is something i genuinely wasnt expecting when i started a GLP-1, but it tracks so hard in retrospect. the compulsive part of overeating, the way certain foods would just hijack my brain, that quieted down in a way that felt almost neurological, not just "im less hungry." i was through Form Blends when i noticed it, and my first thought was honestly that this felt bigger than weight loss.

what this video gets right is that the mechanism isnt just about appetite suppression, its about reward circuitry, and that has implications way beyond food. the research on alcohol reduction especially is fascinating. a lot of people are reporting drinking way less without even trying.

would love to see abc do a longer follow-up specifically on the addiction treatment trials because 8 minutes barely scratches the surface here
  18. @christinah5497: This has been the biggest game changer for me. It’s incredible to not have my whole life revolving around my next dopamine hit. So happy to see more information being reported in this. The recovery community needs to know because not enough people are talking about this.
  19. @Laze-Mz: shes not drug free!!  , shes on another drug
  20. @johnmuthan286: Switching an addiction for another which is on prescription, that's all.

- Andy Cohen Reveals GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey | E! News: Kind: captions Language: en I was really unhappy with my weight. >> Andy Cohen reveals he's been on a GLP-1 weight loss journey. The Watch What Happens Live host recently shared he's been on a monthsl long health journey using an Osmpic like weight loss drug. The 47year-old opens up on the September 9th episode of his Sirius XM Andy Cohen live radio show. >> I did this summer lose a good chunk of weight by micro doing a GLP1. I was really unhappy with my weight. My doctor, and I talked about this last year, had recommended a GLP-1 a few times to not only address what I was feeling about my weight, treat plaque in my arteries and high blood pressure. This is a medication that actually is beneficial to a lot of elements of health. And I finally said yes. Andy notes his biggest problem was snacking, especially while filming his late night talk show where there's free food at craft services. >> It really helped me with cravings, which I was having a very hard time with and really forcing myself to be more disciplined with my diet and with working out. >> Andy also recognizes the fact that having access to the drug is a luxury in itself and wants others to have access as well. I feel privileged to have access right >> to a GLP1 and I think everybody should through insurance. >> This is a revolutionary uh drug. I'm so happy to have been on this journey under the care of a doctor and working with a trainer to make sure that we have done this right. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @alicialynette [7 likes]: Good for him!!! I wanted to go on something for so long. I was lucky a family friend got it for me for free. It helps tremendously. Its definitely a luxury
  2. @focusonmic [6 likes]: Lol hes 57 not 47.
  3. @reeno02 [2 likes]: He’s not 47 😂😂
  4. @Hjuniorr92 [1 likes]: 47? You mean 57
  5. @youbelonginthezoo [1 likes]: Good words. Looks great
  6. @vickiemouse236 [1 likes]: Gads…..
  7. @bradg2201 [1 likes]: .... anyway
  8. @ChrisMullen-j3s: Good for him
  9. @NurseMichelle-consulting: Yup GLP-1’s like Zepbound are miracle medicine. Helps the hormones realign properly.
  10. @sausalito68: He’s 57. Not 47.

- Serena Williams Loses 31 Pounds Using GLP-1 Medication | E! News: Kind: captions Language: en You know, I love how I'm feeling now. >> Serena Williams is opening up about her journey on GLP1s. Speaking on today, August 21st, the tennis legend says, >> "I'm playing professional tennis. I'm literally training 5 hours a day and I would always work my way to one point of the scale and it would never go below that." And so for me, um, eventually when GLP1's came out, I was like, "No way, no how. That's not for me. I'm not, don't sign me up." Then, you know, I looked at it as a sport, you know, like every like as an opponent, okay, like I can't beat this opponent. No matter what I do, I have to try something different. Tried something different. It didn't work. And so, eventually, I just tried it and it and it actually worked. >> And speaking on why she's partnering with Rose specifically, Serena says, >> "I literally tried everything. I mean, running, walking, biking, stair climber, like you name it, I did it. I mean even down to trying to play professional sport you know so it was something that I feel like even I felt like okay I don't want to do this because it is a shortcut or it is like you know a a quick way out but it actually isn't and there's something that I feel personally like I said that my body was missing in particular after having two kids I wasn't able to be at at a weight that was healthy for me. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @deebar5218 [4 likes]: Women literally envied admired her body thickness called her goals  but once dumped common n the black rappers she said I have to keep this rich yt man let me grab the zepbound 😂 now come.clean bout the skin lightening n bleaching rena
  2. @iphone-and-foodstamps [2 likes]: I wonder why they are pushing this medication so much?!
  3. @Chosenbeforethefoundation_1 [2 likes]: The western standard of beauty.
  4. @frankcolumbo5059 [1 likes]: It is fair to say that there are many women who has gained weight from pregnancy and lost it after sticking with a strict dietary regiment and an exercise program. People need to realize that Serena Williams is a multimillionaire and an athlete. She has the financial resources to hire a dietitian, and an exercise coach to accomplish the same results. Instead, she is taking the easy route as being a testimonial spokesperson in advocating this GLP-1 medication. Shameful
  5. @billthestinker: Push ups Push yourself away from the feeding trough fatty
  6. @raphaelhamato7546: This is so pathetic. Stop being slaves to big pharma. Our society is going to 💩
  7. @raphaelhamato7546: Big pharma propaganda. This is to do nothing but push the product she and her husband are financially invested in. Want to lose weight? Stop eating.
  8. @yolandasanders2019: I would try coke  before this. Im sorry.
  9. @KOcoShanel6545: NAHHHH THIS Ai
..look closer people
  10. @Jyo-h9z: SHE TRIED EVERTHING BUT cutting back on the unhealthy food she was eating .  Smh
  11. @Jyo-h9z: She still looks like a man . Lol
  12. @melissadavis-u5p: I don't want to help Serena Williams with her divorce as James williams Jr or Justin .
  13. @waterislife5109: She never been an attractive woman. Be honest
  14. @adrianacanavati8212: Serena looks so great ,
  15. @noblewoman31: She didn't really have to say anything, because it was written all over her face. She had clear signs of "Ozempic face." I don't think ppl should be injecting GLP-1s. Lonzenges maybe, but curb those injections or take a probiotic that stimulates GLP-1s and eat healthier.😬
  16. @MargaretJackson-j3n: Serena wants to be a skinny blonde white girl....and failing miserably. Sad.
  17. @Gioli565: She looks more feminine now
  18. @capncrunchberries281: Kbriant
  19. @capncrunchberries281: Brian’s
  20. @thewizboy: Blonde hair like a white woman on this Amazonian darkskin Black woman who now looks 5 shades lighter and blonde hair like a white woman. She looks absolutely ridiculous 🙄

- GLP-1 Provider Pricing Explained: What’s Included & What to Watch: Kind: captions Language: en confused about why one GLP1 program says $99 a month while another looks closer to a thousand. You're not imagining it. Different providers use very different business models and that changes what you actually pay. I'm Claire. In the next few minutes, I'll decode those models, point out the common gotchas, and show you a simpler way to compare options so you can choose with confidence. First, the landscape. You'll see five common models. One, monthly cash programs that bundle medication, often a compounded version, with basic clinical care for a flat fee. Two, prepaid multi-month plans where you pay for several months upfront to unlock a lower monthly rate. The trade-off is commitment. Three, membership plus medication separate, where your fee covers access, visits, or coaching. While the medication is build by a pharmacy or through insurance. Four, insuranceed programs focused on obtaining an FDA approved medication. You might pay service fees while the drug runs through your benefits. And five, compounded medicationonly services, which are usually self-pay and lower cost, but come with different safety considerations. Knowing which model you're looking at is the first step to an applesto apples comparison. Now, the gotchas. Number one, a membership fee does not necessarily include medication. Many programs price access, visits, or coaching separately from the drug itself. Always ask, "Does this price include the medication and at which dose?" If the answer is no, get a realistic range for the medication cost or co-ay. Number two, prepaid commitments. Those 12-month rates can look amazing, but prepaid usually means locked in. Before you click buy, read the refund and cancellation policy line by line. Hot tip. If you're new to GLP1s, start monthtomonth until you know how you tolerate the medication and the program's cadence. Number three, starts at pricing. Medications typically begin at a low dose and titrate up over time. That low teaser price often reflects the starter dose only. As your dose rises, your medication cost might rise, too. Also, look for add-ons. Initial consults, labs, or cold pack shipping. Your real monthly outlay is the starting month and then what it settles into after the ramp. Number four, compounded versus FDA approved medication. Compounded options can be more affordable and for many people that's the only practical path, but compounded drugs aren't FDA approved and quality control differs from brand medications. If you consider compounding, make sure you're working with a legitimate statelicicicensed pharmacy through a real prescriber and understand exactly what formulation you're receiving. Number five, insurance complexity. Some plans cover obesity treatments while others don't, or they require prior authorization and very specific criteria. If you're hoping to use insurance, ask the provider how they help with approvals and what your backup plan is if coverage is denied. If you're paying cash, ask for the all-in first month total and the likely ongoing monthly cost at your expected maintenance dose. Number six, state rules and format. Teleaalth providers must be licensed where you live, and some states add extra steps. Also, decide whether you're comfortable with weekly injections or you want to explore oral options. Not every provider offers both and not every option is available in every state. Let's turn this into a quick checklist. One, what exactly is included in the price? Medication, visits, labs, shipping, coaching, or just some of those? Two, is the plan flexible month-to-month, or is it a 3, six, or 12 month commitment with limited refunds? Three, are you using insurance or paying cash? And do you understand how your dose affects cost over time? Four, what medication type are you comfortable with, approved by the FDA or compounded options? And do you prefer injection or pill? Five, what level of support helps you succeed, minimal touch points or a fuller program with coaching and follow-ups? Now, if you're thinking, do I really have to piece all of this together from 10 different websites? That's exactly why we built the Find My GLP one comparison tool. It's designed for people in your shoes. First, filters. You can filter by medication format and your state, so you're only looking at programs that actually serve you. Second, transparent pricing tiles. Each provider shows the first month total and the expected ongoing monthly cost. So, the starts at mystery becomes a clear number you can plan around. Third, you'll see at a glance whether a program uses FDA approved medications, compounded options, or both, along with notes that explain what that means in plain language. Fourth, policy clarity. We do the digging and surface things like commitment terms, cancellation rules, and whether labs or consults are bundled or build separately. There's no one best provider for everyone. There's your best fit based on your budget, your preferences, and the support you'll actually use. Head to findmygp1.com and open the comparison tool. It's free, it's simple, and it's built to save you time and money by making the fine print obvious from the start. This video is informational only. Talk with your health care professional about what's right for you.

- GLP-1 Drugs Explained: Ozempic, Wegovy, Side Effects, Cost & Risks: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Exam Room podcast brought to you by the Physicians Committee. Hi, I'm the weight loss champion Chuck Carroll. Thank you so very much for watching and downloading in more than 150 countries around the world and making this one of the most consumed nutrition podcasts anywhere on the planet. Today at the International Conference on Nutrition and Medicine, a lot of the talk this year has been on GLP1 drugs. Now, we've talked about these in the past, but I wanted to bring a new face to our conversation. And with that, we welcome Dr. Ben Urick to the exam room. Thanks for making time, my friend. >> Absolutely. It's great to be here. >> Great to have you. A sharp dressed man. I I appreciate what you bring to the table. >> Very good. You as well. >> Thank you. It's It's kind of my shtick, but I like it when you know people, you know, >> I like what you got going. I try. I try. >> You succeed, sir. >> You succeed. So, uh, GLP1s, first of all, it seems to me like they are still exploding in popularity. >> Yeah. >> How how many people are are using GLP1 drugs right now? >> That's a great question. So, so just to as a as by way of a bit more background. So, so my role, I'm the senior director of health outcomes at Prime Therapeutics. >> We are a pharmacy benefit manager owned by 19 different Blue Cross Blue Shield plans. So, we ourselves are for-profit, but we are owned by nonprofits. So we're not publicly traded etc etc which is which is kind of a nice place to be. Um we are uh we are seeing the the the use of these products um sort of explode to use a non-scientific term right >> so we uh for example within the data that we have when we looked at this in 2021 we were able to identify 4,000 people within a cohort of members who had uh obesity did not have diabetes. we could see about 4,000 people once we sort of worked all the way down in our attrition who initiated these products that has now more than uh about quintupled in more recent periods and you see so we have probably fairly restrictive criteria but we see this exploding in sort of an exponential rate and a lot of this depends on sort of where people have benefits through um if you are in the sort of large employer space um big big increases in use in the large employer space don't have anything in terms of like actual numbers of of people we're talking about tens to hundreds of thousands of people using these products at this point in time for obesity, which is which is um incredible considering where we were, you know, four years ago where this use was was was present, but but only had just started to take off at the introduction of W Kovi in November of um 2021. So, it's been just an enormous increase in the use of these products in a short period of time. What do we know about the efficacy of them? I've heard kind of mixed results in that most people are using them short-term and they either get off of them because they don't like the side effects or it's cost prohibitive and so maybe we're looking at a year or two tops. What does your data show in that regard? >> Yeah. So, so what I heard from there were sort of two questions. One is like how long do people typically stay on these products? Yeah. >> And so then given that we have seen within sort of some of the prior work that we have done and others have done that people tend to discontinue these products within the first year, what does that mean from an efficacy perspective? So sort of taking those things kind of side by side. Number one, we're talking about how long these people stay on these products. Um we refer to that in the in the research world as persistence, right? So how long does a person persist? Um we saw that among people who initiated these products in 2021, again this was people um with obesity without diabetes who were using any GLP-1 sort of both on label and off label, we saw that only up to about 25 30% of people actually stayed on these products for a full year. um which was which was you know somewhat surprising right now um persistence rate among any new medication isn't great right it is certainly not 100%. >> Um we we we we would have expected it would have been you know well north of of 50%. Right? if this is sort of a typical product. Um, if you look more recently and when we looked at this more recently, we now have switched to people who who do not have diabetes and are using one of the uh obesity indicated products which is really limiting it down to high int uh high potency obesity indicated products which is the um WGO and Zepbound right if we see among WGO and Zepbound users that persistence which was about 30% is now over 60%. Wow. So that's been an enormous change in the persistence among people who do have access to these products. So we you know you're looking at that and you're trying to ask you trying to answer the question why do we see so much higher persistence today than we did in years past. And so we think part of the reason is due to increased availability of these products. um widely known that there were shortages in WGOI you know 2022 23 24 a lot of these shortages resolved as we get farther into 2024 but certainly when you're looking at 2023 a lot of shortages of these products you had a lot of increase in compounding of these products you wouldn't have the possibility of compounding if there were no shortages you know so we know that there were major shortage of these products and so once you get to a point where people can initiate a product and stay on it because it's continuously available you're going to see higher persistence another thing we see within our data is a relationship between persistence and side effects. So those who have side effects tend to not persist as long as those who do not have side effects which of course makes sense >> of course. >> Um and so we think side effects are something that that that is that is affecting this. It's not why you've seen necessarily this increase in persistence although somewhat counterintuitively you know even with the same sort of side effects right so the same number of people getting nausea and vomiting from these drugs we think that there's been an increase in um sort of physicians uh understanding of how to manage these products >> which sort of manifests itself in setting expectations from the beginning if a physician prescribes you a goi and says you are probably not going to feel great for the next couple of months but if you stick with it people tend to do better That tells you, okay, this nausea and vomiting that I'm having right now, if I persist, it's going to get better. Right? If you have that knowledge from the beginning, you're more likely to stick with it. Also, we we are seeing reports of of physicians prescribing things like like Zopran, like active measures to try to address nausea and vomiting, anti-nausea medicine. Right. Exactly. Yep. >> Undanced, the the the generic name of it. Um and so you know prescriptions for for for that medication can help to again sort of mitigate some of these side effects in the short term which can help to increase long-term persistence. So I think that that side effects are having a role here and then also coverage of these medications. And so, you know, for people who initiated in 2021, I don't have full details on coverage, but you did have um uh again, our our clients are Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance plans, and they represent 19 different states. And so, a lot of this depended based on the different Blue Cross Blue Shield insurers, but you did have some plans which had um sort of relatively generous legacy coverage of weight loss medications. If you're thinking about sort of the average spending on like a like a per member per month basis, which is sort of how we sort of think about this, if you're talking about you give people access to weight loss products and the average, you know, uh cost is like a dollar per member per month. You know, the average person over a year spends, you know, maybe $105 on weight loss medications. Um that's not that's not that much. That doesn't keep anybody up at night, >> right? you get a GLP-1 for weight loss coming on the market now you're talking about um 20 to $30 on every month for the entire population. Yeah. That is using these uh the the entire population. >> Um we've seen some groups that don't have very much sort of controls on this. um we have seen um spending increases uh above $50 just for weight loss JLP once alone on a on a per person per month basis which when you're talking about the average sort of plan maybe spends $150 to $200 um per per person per month on all drugs >> $50 for just weight loss drugs that's a really hard that's a really it's a really hard sort of pill to swallow >> right >> and so um we have seen some some pullback in coverage of these medications and that reduction in coverage can of course lead to reductions in in persistence Although again we haven't studied that specifically. >> That is a very thorough answer. I like that. I mean you unpacked it. That is I mean you are holy smokes. Oh, man. I'm scared to actually ask you another question. Uh but I will um do you have any data on so you say that uh you represent or yeah you represent uh what 19 states is is where the coverage is. >> Correct. >> Are you able to say like because there is a a swath of the US known as the obesity belt. Is there in those regions higher rates of people using these drugs versus maybe something in the Northeast or out in California or some place like that? We do see um we we do see differences in in utilization by region. Um we have um we represent plans in Illinois, Texas, Florida, a few plans in the Northeast, particularly New Jersey, um also Washington, Oregon, um you know, Wyoming as well and and a few other states. And so we do have some some regional spread. Um I can't speak to our own data on this, but what we've seen generally speaking is while the Southeast does have the highest sort of population rates of obesity, it's not necessarily where you've seen the greatest uptick, right? Because it's sort of what you're looking at in terms of of use is number of people who can use it times among those who can use it, the number who actually do, right? So that uptick hasn't been quite as great necessarily regionally. This is again not necessarily with our data, but has been reported more broadly. Um looking at the northeast, there have been some reports that those who do have obesity are um more are you sort of using these products at a greater rate. Um we don't have any representation within our data from from the state of New York, but there has been some reports kind of from from jurors who do that you do see sort of greater rates of use among um those who have obesity. And so that tends to sort of push utilization up above where you would necessarily expect it even though population rates of obesity are not as great. Maybe you don't have this data, maybe you do. Do you have any sort of idea in terms of how well these drugs uh perform if paired with, you know, lifestyle and nutritional interventions as well? >> That's a great question. >> So, the clinical trials for these products did pair these drugs with lifestyle nutrition interventions. Um from that clinical trial data we we would we would therefore say that that the sort of the the best context in you know to to use these medications um is uh in the setting of sort of you know diet and lifestyle changes right it's not to use these medications and use these medications alone. In that sense, it is, you know, very similar to anything else that you're trying to improve cardiobabolic risk, right? Like the recommendations for statins aren't just like, you know, take your tovvisatin and do nothing else, right? Like you like you do want to combine, you know, medications like this with lifestyle and diet changes to to improve overall health, right? >> Um we as a part of coverage criteria, um that that does vary by by um plan. One uh option that's increasingly common, so we have it for our own employees at Prime Therapeutics, and we are also offering this to to others. This is not a plug for this, I'm just an example of it, uh is a program called Keep Well. And so, Keep Wellners with a couple of different vendors that create access to GLP-1 products paired with dietary and lifestyle changes. And so, members have to log in on a monthly basis. They have to participate in this program. um they have to to sort of you know walk through um counseling on on again these diet and lifestyle changes. If it is determined by a prescriber associated with that program that um they do actually need a GLP1 product, that person can be switched over to a GP1 product to use that in conjunction with these diet and lifestyle changes. And we think from a clinical perspective that that is really the most appropriate um approach because again that is how it was studied and that is how it's sort of been proven to be most uh effective. We're expecting that's the royal weight that the rate of usage of these drugs is going to continue to increase. It just seems like that's that's not slowing down anytime soon. So, I guess, you know, what does the future hold for these things? Like where where are we going with these? Is this going to be like, >> you know, the first first line of defense for obesity, for diabetes, for anything that they're traditionally being prescribed for? What are we expecting? It's a really interesting question. So we again within our data um we're looking at uh use of zepbound. So we have to look about a year and a little bit of change um out from anybody who we can sort of uh initialize in our data. And so as we move forward in time we're now into the first quarter, second quarter of 2024 is what we can observe most clearly. And we see zebound use just in continuing to increase. I mean at at I mean at an exponential rate. Um at some point in time this has to at some point in time this has to plateau. You would think we are not we are not um so it's probably um sigmoid right in nature. So we are we are right here on the on the upward uh trajectory of this. This will probably level off at some point in time but we don't know when that point is. >> We are getting asked all the time by by employer groups and others and we don't know when that point when that point is. Um there are other teams that are actually doing those projections on sort of use besides ours. We're really looking at the effectiveness and things like that within our data. Um, but that is just of the of the products we have currently. So, soleide and tzepide, you know, those those products that are indicated for weight loss and are used in that setting. The pipeline in this is really impressive, right? Like you have a market this large. You have proven that people are willing to inject themselves on a weekly basis if you can get the effectiveness up past a certain point. >> That brings a lot of funding and that brings a lot of innovation to this. And so the the the pipeline for for um weight loss products is is vast. I think there the last time I looked at this um and this does change regularly, but there are about 30 different products that were in the pipeline for this. Um there are of course different uh sort of similar GLP-1 and and GIP uh Agnes that are in development. So those would be direct competitors to to seglitide and trespide and may have similar um sort of you know mechanisms of delivery which is to say injectable. Um there are also some some more oral formulations that are being uh uh introduced. There are some oral products that work with different mechanisms that are also in different phases. Um Fizer actually had an oral product that that made it to phase three and failed recently. uh but you are going to see uh a much sort of broader uh portfolio of products um into sort of 2026 and and beyond. And so it's hard to say how the impact of those different products are going to affect this marketplace, but there certainly will be an impact on there. It may be that um we're looking at something more like the Hepsi products where like Saldi made a big splash. There was a ton of spend on Savaldi, a lot of a lot of um media attention focused on that. Um but Savaldi isn't used anymore at all. We're now on to sort of the the second and third generation products of of um of uh you know heepsi antivirals that that are actually being used in the market right now that that that are more effective and more tolerated etc. And so you may see um those sort of dynamics play out within within the um within the uh um GLP-1 and some of their products for weight loss space. But it's it's really hard to it's really hard to say >> and I guess it's way too early to be able to say whether or not maybe some of those oral medications that are come uh going to come into market um what their rate of efficacy would be compared to the injectables right yeah it's hard to say I mean so so there is a there is an oral saggotide products um efficacy so so um my understanding the clinical trial data for ribbels is a little bit weaker but in general um efficacy was not as great with with ribbels and there was certainly patient reports of greater um GI side effects because the dose that you have to have of segotide for ribosis is so much higher um because very little of it actually passes through the gut and so you have to give a lot more of it because you expect only a fraction of it to actually make it through the gut and get into the bloodstream and so as a result of that you have to sort of be exposed to a lot more simaglletide um and that can create some additional um side effects as well. So um it it'll be it'll be really really interesting to see how these dynamics you know progress. Yeah, it is it is fascinating to me whether you fall into the camp of someone who thinks that it should be done exclusively through diet uh versus, you know, somebody who's open to using therapeutics. I I I just think that we live not to get on a soap box in a in a nation that needs a lot of help. And so, you know, even if this is just a starting off point, a jumping off point for people, then use that. But I think that, you know, I can't speak for anybody else, but when paired with the lifestyle, the diet interventions, you know, these are are quite powerful tools. And I don't have a leg to stand on as somebody who had weight loss surgery 15 years ago, you know, used to be 420 lbs. Goodness, that was just the start. That was just the start. >> And so it is, you know, exciting to see >> a little bit of help for somebody, you know, as as they just get going. So, >> um, you're a fascinating individual, man. And certainly you have a wealth of information in that that brain of yours, man. you are a numbers guy and uh someday I'll sit down and look at an Excel spreadsheet and have you explain it all to me, man. But uh this has been really great. Thank you, Dr. >> Absolutely. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SvandiaCystic [90 likes]: It’s weird how we’re never really taught how to take care of our health...like, real health. I thought I was doing okay until I came across the book The Forbidden Code of Herbs by Adrian Malden. It’s like it showed me a whole layer of the body no one talks about. Not just “fix this symptom,” but how to actually restore yourself. I’ve been applying some of it slowly, and honestly… I feel more like myself again
  2. @georgewilson7808 [27 likes]: Remember when everybody was taking Fen-phen.  Then they took it off the market because everybody had damaged heart valves which required replacement.  We will soon see the same with these things.  Eat real food.  Stop the madness.
  3. @georgewilson7808 [24 likes]: I lost 65 pounds in six months on a low fat whole food plant based diet.  Better results than GLP-1 which has been shown in every study to plateau in the obese range.  I also reversed my diabetes and heart disease on all scans and tests for 9 years.
  4. @monicasong427 [13 likes]: Vegan is a win win for all.
  5. @bohditony [9 likes]: NYC almost everyone is using Glp1. And along with this rx they  buy chips, candy , soda, ramen noodles. No one is changing their diet
  6. @shellym79 [7 likes]: There's a lot of incorrect information in the comments. Anyone interested, do your own research and talk with your doctor don't listen to people with big opinions who have never been over weight and/or never tried the drugs.
  7. @tamaraberg8908 [3 likes]: As a dentist we are seeing huge changes in mouth of GLP1  patients from dry mouth to erosion.  BOTH leading to major decay rate changes in the mouth
  8. @janechapman4167 [3 likes]: The book The Magic Pill by Johann Hary is a balanced read on the topic with pros and cons. Johann is an amazing researcher, writer, and speaker too.
  9. @qmontgomery10 [3 likes]: Awkward interview
  10. @bohditony [3 likes]: Glp1 now approved for cats too
  11. @amplifiedheart [2 likes]: This guest has taken public communication class, he’s using several persuasion techniques to sell GLP drugs. There’s a belief by his clients (insurance companies) that health outcomes will be better if members use them but these drugs are only now getting wider use so the long term effects are being established.
  12. @ABCDEF-zl6nj [1 likes]: Dr. Gregor did a 24 episode series on GLP-1 earlier this year. Check it out.
  13. @Jonelle818 [1 likes]: I went plant based in 2019, initially saw some weight loss, but then my weight started creeping up and I could not lose no matter what I did. I started thinking it was due my being post menopausal & perhaps insulin resistant. This past August I spoke with my doctor about my weight loss concerns (lack there of) and we decided I should try Zepbound. I started 09.08.25 and this far I have lost 27 lbs and have continued to eat a plant based diet. I have minimal side effects (shot day headache, bloating/indigestion if I eat too big of a portion) and I’m very pleased with my decision. In fact one side effect I’m glad I got was that all my inflammation went away and that happened within the 1st week of taking it…my joints have never felt better! I wish that people viewed the shot as a tool and not an easy way out…cause I’ve still had to work for those 27 lbs. I am blessed that my insurance covers it…but if that was gone, I would still find a way to out of pocket pay for it…I plan to be on this for the rest of my life, for nothing but the pure benefits of how it makes me feel and how it’s changed my health
  14. @amplifiedheart: PCRM also did this video on the negatives months ago: https://youtu.be/7tV-VlFTnns
  15. @lilblkewe: First it was the Fauci Ouchie as the "god-send" to avoid death. Now it's GLP-1 as the answer to weight-loss/beauty/health . The body objects with nausea, vomiting and digestive problems. What's the common denominator? The flesh is deceptive. Let those who have ears, hear. Those who have eyes, see. Hint, when the world runs left, the Spirit of God is probably directing u right. My ppl perish for a lack of knowledge. 😢🙏🏾 Your body is not your own. Please seek His wisdom 💔.
  16. @mellowkoopa: Availability is a joke...  Since starting the product insurance has revoked access twice and set up more gates to stay on it.
  17. @colleencook9149: That was a super disappointing interaction. It really just felt like it wasn’t helpful at all. If you’re trying to figure out anything about GLP 1.
  18. @poweredbyplants269: I've lost a stone in 3 weeks and 4 days which I mainly did to prove to all the lazy people I know who are on these fat jabs and who say they can't lose weight! Cmon you are what you eat! Too many greedy and lazy people out there, don't want to eat vegetables, still want to eat crappy processed sugary foods, dairy, eggs, meat and all the other cholesterol filled rubbish that have little vitamins and minerals! Already had 2 pts in my ambulance due to taking this rubbish! Yes if you are very obese, have hypertension or diabetes then maybe the benefits MAY outweigh the risks, but if you have no health issues apart from being overweight then you WILL end up with health problems! Research deeply how it works and wait and see... Get a backbone get some willpower and lose weight properly eating whole foods plant based receiving all your required nutrients vitamins and minerals!
  19. @nelsonv741: Wow, what a fascinating breakdown Dr. Urich was able to present! This is next level information. Great content Chuck!
  20. @Oh-Blah-Dee: Can a Type 1 diabetic use these?

- GLP-1 Weight Loss: Side Effects, Cost and 1-Year Update | Mayo Clinic Health Matters Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey there, this is Kristen with a quick content warning before we jump into the episode. We're talking about GLP-1s and their side effects, which includes mention of suicidal ideation. If this is a sensitive topic for you or anyone else listening, please take care. Thank you. This is Health Matters, a podcast from Mayo Clinic where we discuss the latest medical advice, news, and research to help you live a happier and healthier life. My name is Kristen Meinzer. I'm a writer and journalist. And this episode, we're continuing our conversation about GLP-1s one year later. If the past year has taught us anything, it's that GLP-1s are here to stay. But as drug supplies fluctuate, insurance coverage shifts, and new data emerges about long -term side effects, the conversation has evolved. We know more about GLP-1s now than ever before, but we also have new questions. About a year ago, I sat down with Tara Schmidt, a registered dietitian with Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, and host of another Mayo Clinic podcast on nutrition to talk about the GLP -1 boom and how it's been changing the weight loss landscape. Now we're sitting down again to have a second all new conversation about what we've learned since then, what's changed, and what we still need to find out. Tara Schmidt, welcome back to the show. Hey, Krista. Nice to see you again. Oh my gosh, it's such a thrill to have you back. The conversation we had last year was one of my favorites. It's one of the ones that listeners reach out to me the most often about. And so it's great that we can be back together again and continuing the conversation because we know more now than what we used to know back then. And also the landscapes change, hasn't it? It's still a hot topic. I think I have a job for a while if I stay in this field. And we're learning more, but there's also more questions. So let's talk about some of these changes with GLP-1s over the past year. First off, I know a lot of people know GLP -1s as a weight loss drug, but let's define GLP-1s again. Absolutely. So in the medical field, welcome to acronyms. So GLP-1 stands for glucagon-like peptide 1, and this is a hormone in the body. So when we talk about GLP-1s or GLP-1 agonists as a medication, this means that these are manufactured substances that cause the same action in the body as the naturally occurring hormone would. And how do GLP-1s work? So they work in different organ systems. So in the brain, they are promoting less appetite, less hunger, more satiety or that feeling of fullness. In the stomach, they are slowing gastric emptying or kind of keeping food in there longer. When they do that, that also decreases the speed at which your glucose or blood sugar rises. In the pancreas, they are stimulating insulin secretion. So again, this is why they started out as diabetes drugs. And in the liver, they're suppressing glucagon secretion. So again, less of that glucose or blood sugar rise. Can you also quickly sum up your stance on GLP-1s and how you or your fellow practitioners are using them? High -level GLP-1s are a medication that was once prescribed for diabetes but is now also FDA-approved for the treatment of obesity. And I use that phrase intentionally because we see obesity as a disease or a disease state. You can use whatever phrasing you want so that people do not feel like this is something that they caused. It is not all in your control. And taking a medication, which would be just like having a surgery if you needed a surgery, is one of the tools that we have for the treatment of said chronic disease. Of course, that's not how we see everyone taking these medications. But from a medical standpoint and for myself as a dietician, I look at someone who's taking an obesity medication just like I taking an antihypertensive or a blood pressure medication or someone who takes insulin because their pancreas doesn't function well enough to make enough insulin. Now, in all of those scenarios, whether you have high blood pressure or diabetes or obesity, there are still lifestyle changes that I would like you to make and that I'd like you to focus on. And yet, some people still need additional tools in their toolbox to be the healthiest that they can be or to be the lowest risk that they can be. And last time we spoke, there was a shortage of GLP-1s, which has now officially ended. There is now increased production by major manufacturers, which goes along with a huge growth in demand and increased competition in the market. Prescriptions have skyrocketed, and overall spending on GLP-1s has increased. Has that changed prices or access at all? Access, yes. And in terms of prices, I believe there are some negotiations going on that may come into effect in 2027, but I'm not privy to that information specifically. And I think it will also likely become harder to access a lot of these kind of off-brand versions of the drug. Yes, we'll talk about that more in just a minute. But before that, one in eight people in the U.S., or about 12% of the population, have now taken GLP-1s and about 6% are currently taking a GLP-1 at this moment. That's a higher number than ever before. Are you seeing or hearing more about this increase from your colleagues? Absolutely. I'm seeing it in members of the Mayo Clinic Diet. We're doing some studies in the clinic with patients and members on GLP-1s. And even from friends and family and culture, right? Even socially for people, it's kind of like a gossip topic, like I'm on it, she's on it, these kind of whispered conversations. And I have to say, in the circles that I run in, I hear people talking about their own GLP -1 usage, not even with whispers, but just saying it more matter -of-factly in a way that I feel like maybe they didn't feel comfortable talking about it two years ago. But let's get back to those off-brand or compounded versions of the drug. Can you remind us of what those are? So compounded drugs are essentially like a custom-made medication that is available through a specialized pharmacy. Now, sometimes I want to know that we use compounded medications in the medical field. Let's say you have an allergy, but you're allergic to an ingredient in a medication that's very important for you. We may need to go to a compound pharmacy. But in the world of GLP-1s, that's not what we're talking about here. We're talking about when there was a shortage and compounding pharmacies were allowed to make kind of their version of this drug, but they're not FDA approved and they aren't reviewed by the FDA for things like safety or quality or effectiveness. And now that GLP -1s are more widely available, the FDA approved versions of them, compounded versions aren't really necessary like they used to be, right? Yeah, you're right. Now, despite the fact that folks don't necessarily need to turn to a compounder anymore, there are still compounders out there. Some companies are offering personalized alternatives with different dosages or ingredients. Can you tell us about those? Yeah, and in all honesty, this isn't something I'm overly familiar with coming from a clinical organization. But we do worry that there aren't clinical studies showing that these are safe or effective. I just have a lot of questions, right? So what are the ingredients they're using? Are they from unregistered manufacturers? Are they meeting FDA safety requirements? So I don't know a lot just because of my career, but I also have a lot of questions that I'm not sure anyone knows the answers to. So in addition to more people than ever using GLP-1 drugs, there are more advertisements about them, more celebrity endorsements. Even a big pop culture movement when Serena Williams became a spokesperson for Roe, which is a telehealth company offering treatment plans for weight loss, including GLP -1s. So what are your thoughts on this pop culture GLP-1 moment? How do you feel about all this? Like most scenarios, I feel like there are pros and cons, right? So when they first started, my biggest concern with the celebrity culture around it was it was pretty clear in my mind, and maybe I shouldn't make this assumption, but I was guessing that there were celebrities who were taking these GLP-1s who weren't an appropriate patient for a GLP-1, if you can kind of catch my drift. Like I had a feeling that they wouldn't have actually been approved, let's say. They did not have diagnoses or comorbidities. Now, we cannot judge someone by looking at them, but I just felt like it was a little too widespread for me to assume that those people needed them. And for an example like Serena Williams, there's two sides, right? So the positives being now we have this amazing woman who is sharing her story. We can say this isn't something we have to be ashamed about talking about. There are some aspects of our health and weight that are not in our control. And weight loss is hard for even like an elite goat of an athlete. And I also give her credit because she did address publicly that she was intentional about her eating and exercise, which I think we all knew about all the time. And then negatively, I think there was some bad press simply because it was celebrity endorsement of a drug, which is always a little bit on the gray side of things. A question being, is she promoting weight loss injections? Does this reinforce societal beauty standards? Does this tell young girls or even young boys out there that your achievements don't matter if your appearance isn't up to par? Was it in poor taste if there was a shortage at the time? So now we're emphasizing that access and privilege is on the table. So those were the thoughts that had gone through my mind. Yeah. And regardless of what the medication has been, there's always been a question in a lot of people's minds about, should a celebrity be paid to tell me how to improve my health? And how trustworthy is that? How medically on the up and up is that? So there's also that aspect to it. What kind of impact do you think all of this has had on the public, you know, partnerships like Serena and Roe or celebrities being forthright or secretive about their GLP-1 usage? I think that's hard because, again, does it lessen the stigma around obesity? Does it tell people, hey, it's okay and there are treatments and there are medically approved pathways for weight loss? And or does it further exacerbate our culture of thin equals health, which I don't, of course, agree with. So let's recap some of what's changed. As of the time we recorded this, there's no longer a GLP-1 shortage. Has that improved access? Yes. Has it affected or will it affect the price? The answer to that is less clear. During the shortage, we saw compounding pharmacies making their own off-brand versions. But now that the FDA -approved versions are widely available, it's unclear if compounding will be able to continue this way, or if there will be a crackdown on unregulated versions of GLP-1s. That part of the story is still evolving. In terms of how GLP-1s are affecting our culture, they're definitely becoming more widespread. Both everyday people and celebrities seem to be more open about their GLP -1 usage. But the relationship between celebrities and GLP -1s is a gray area. Are celebrity endorsements making these treatments more accessible and socially acceptable for the people who need them, or are they reinforcing the harmful idea that we should all be thin? This past year, we've also had a chance to learn more about the long-term practicality of using GLP-1s, whether it's insurance, side effects, or other difficulties. Let's break down some of those. let's talk more about these downsides we know that glp1s have a lot of benefits but what's become more difficult about getting treated with glp1s i think now that access has improved i'm hearing more insurance challenges so insurance coverage prior authorizations step therapy requirements, even for the name brand drugs. So kind of what steps do they have to take to get the drug? And even if they do have insurance and if they have an employer who covers this drug, how much is it and for how long is it covered? Is there a cap? How much is it out of pocket? My other concern is I also think there continues to be a lack of multidisciplinary care when it comes to treating obesity with these drugs, which is a complex chronic disease. And I'm not sure we're using the drugs as they were meant to be used, again, with the diet, with the exercise, with the mental health. And not everyone has access to a multidisciplinary team, so I want to be mindful of that. But I'm also not seeing a lot of prescribing entities is encouraging it. I think a lot of people can kind of just get the drug and move on. Like you pay for the drug, it comes to your front door, and no one's told you how to eat or how to exercise or what to do if you do have side effects. Yeah, because GLP-1s should not just be used on their own. They're part of a bigger methodology of health, of wellness, of nutrition, of movement, of mental health. And so we can't just be handing out this drug to folks without giving them the full treatment, right? And that's how they were used in studies. That's part of the prescribing guidelines. But of course, that doesn't always translate into real life. And I understand that that's not always at the patient's fault, of course. Something else that is not the patient's fault is what happens when a patient reaches what is considered a quote-unquote healthy weight and what happens to their access to GLP -1s. Because in some cases, once they reach that number on the scale, some insurance companies say, well, that's that. You don't get any more of this medication. But last time you were on, Tara, you were saying this is a medication people should be taking long-term. And so what happens in those cases? Yeah, this is actually something I'm really interested in. I don't know a ton about it because of course this always takes years right so we need years of research after people have been on the drug for a long period of time and then they've no longer been on the drug so a question would always be okay yes they've reached a healthy weight or whatever parameter we're looking at in terms of percent weight loss but if we stop the drug we not only risk the regain in weight, but we risk the recurrence of any comorbidities that they were also taking the drug for. And so what's really difficult, I think, to study is the ROI. So we kind of know about the return on investment for something like bariatric surgery. This many years after bariatric surgery, these comorbidities have resolved. This is the decrease in cost of healthcare, etc. But with these drugs, I think it's a little bit more murky because they're not a permanent solution essentially, right? So bariatric surgery is a permanent altering of the gastrointestinal tract, for example. But because drugs aren't a permanent solution, you may take them or stop taking them or have to stop taking them or no longer have coverage. And so I think that because ROI is so difficult to calculate or maybe impossible to calculate, insurance companies or employers aren't really sure what to do. Another area that's full of uncertainty is the ways GLP -1s can affect people beyond the scale. For example, it might not just be appetites for food that are being suppressed by GLP-1s. It might also be appetites for things like ***. And there have been a number of articles written about this and about the side effects for relationships, for marriages, and so on. And to paraphrase an article on The Cut, the effects on just the outlook on life in general. They wrote an article called Life in Beige, Are GLP-1s Worth a Life Devoid of Pleasure? So I'm curious about your thoughts on all of this from a medical perspective. So first of all, I always like to discuss with patients, especially who intend or plan to go through major weight loss, that weight loss can really change relationships, sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse. So an example would be someone has lost a significant amount of weight and now they are more active with their children and their grandchildren and they're running around the park playing instead of sitting on the bench. That's fabulous. We celebrate that every day. And on the other side, I've also had examples of people and their relationships going more negatively because they lost significant amount of weight. Their confidence increased, but their spouse did not lose weight and they felt threatened in that relationship or the attention that their spouse was now getting at a different body weight. With GLP-1s, we of course have mixed research. So two examples I'm familiar with are on the negative side of things. There was a study done in 2024, which is pretty large that found that people with obesity who are on GLP-1s had elevated risk of anxiety and suicidal behavior when they compared them with the controls. Another study in 2025 demonstrated that GLP-1s might drive depression and suicidal ideation in people who already were genetically predisposed towards low dopamine. That's kind of the scary research and, of course, what we want to be mindful of. However, on the other hand, we had a 2024 study that found that GLP-1 users who did not have any known mental health diagnoses weren't found to be any more likely to develop depression or suicidal actions. Right now, the FDA, as well as over in Europe, the European Medicines Agency, have both deemed them safe in terms of evidence on suicide for now. But, of course, we will continue to look and pay attention. And for people on GLP -1s who feel any of those negative symptoms, it's really important to be working with your medical team and be honest about what you're feeling so that they can help you. Absolutely. Regardless of whether that means lowering your dosage or bringing in other interventions. Do we know why GLP -1s are having that depressive effect on some people? We think it might be related to dopamine and some of those pleasure centers or craving centers even in the brain. So we know that these drugs not only work in the GI tract and in the pancreas, etc., but they're also working in the brain, which is partially positive if we're thinking about using them for something like addiction and decreasing the rate of addiction in our population, which would be very meaningful. But we also may be seeing people who are really sensitive to that decrease in dopamine. And you can think about dopamine kind of as a rise. So if you watch a funny dog video on YouTube, you get a boost of dopamine. If you have ***, you get a boost of dopamine. If you eat a really good, delicious food, you're going to get a boost of dopamine. This is all well and good. But when that's dampened, I think is what's scary. So that's what I think we'll have to continue to be really mindful of. So yes, we should likely have less drive and cravings related to food. But if life's feeling a little bit beige, then I think we should be talking to our medical provider. That being said, just to play devil's advocate for a second here, isn't that one of the reasons why GLP-1s have been found to be helpful in addiction situations? Because not only are they reducing the noise for whatever substance somebody is addicted to, but it's also reducing the pleasure when they do partake in certain substances where it's like, oh, I really want alcohol. I really want alcohol. Oh, I want alcohol. less than I used to want it on a GLP -1, but I still want it. So I'm going to have some alcohol. Oh no, it's not making me high. Yeah, exactly. Well, and we can even talk about that in nutrition, like decreased appetite for someone who struggles with overeating and for someone who has class three obesity, generally speaking is not a bad thing, but I still need that person to nourish themselves. So I feel like it's this dial analogy of like, okay, we want to turn down the dial, but how far? Because we also know that there are people on GLP-1s out there who are not eating and who are not drinking. And I'm like, oh, well, that's not great. I don't really care what your weight loss is. And you can also be malnourished in a body with a diagnosis of obesity. So malnourishment doesn't mean thin and cachectic. Malnourishment just means you're not getting enough of the right stuff. So it could be really meaningful and healthful and impactful for some people, but we got to make sure that dial doesn't go all the way down to no pleasure or to no eating. Now, a new JAMA piece says that 50 to 75% of people who start GLP-1s discontinue use within a year. We already mentioned that maybe some of this is due to insurance coverage ending when somebody reaches a certain weight, but what are some other reasons that people might be stopping their GLP-1 usage within one year, because that's a huge percentage, 50 to 75%. It is. So the most common reasons we're aware of are cost. So what are they paying, whether they have partial coverage or not, access, like you mentioned, reaching their goal weight, quote unquote, and also side effects. And stopping GLP -1s also comes with risks like weight gain, return of cardiovascular risk, and more. So one should work very closely with their medical team when ending GLP-1 usage. Yeah, absolutely. There's no such thing as a miracle cure and GLP-1s are no exception. One of the biggest challenges we're seeing is that there aren't standard insurance guidelines for how to cover GLP-1s for certain conditions or for how long, despite the fact that GLP-1s should be taken long term. We're also learning more of GLP-1s. Many people have reported depressive symptoms after taking them, ranging from feeling blah to suicidal ideation. Any level of these symptoms is worth talking to your doctor about. In the past year, we've also seen that at least half of people who take GLP-1s discontinue taking them within a year. There are many factors that could be driving this. But if you want to stop taking GLP-1s, make sure your care team is looped in on that decision. Now it's time to look into our crystal ball and try to predict the future of GLP-1s. So let's look to the future of GLP-1s. Last year, most GLP-1s were being issued as injectables. Is that still the case? Or are there other ways that GLP-1s are being administered now? So we do have one oral called ribelsis, which is FDA approved. Now, this is not FDA approved for obesity. At this point in time, again, we go back to diabetes. So approved for glycemic or blood sugar control, also to reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events. And we do know that there is another GLP-1 that will be coming out in an oral form by Eli Lilly in the future. I don't know the date. Coming soon to a pharmacy near you. When we spoke last year, you mentioned that there are possible new applications for GLP-1s beyond diabetes and weight loss. Let's talk about those. So because GLP-1s work in so many different ways, I know we talk a lot about weight management, but we not only lower someone's weight, but we increase their insulin, we increase their beta cell function, we decrease their glucagon, we improve their lipids, we likely improve the health of their liver, the health of their heart, kidney disease. So we know and are studying about a lot more conditions that GLP-1s can help. And we don't always know, it's kind of a chicken or an egg thing of, is it the weight loss and or is it just the GLP-1 itself and the mechanisms of action. But some examples would be addiction, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular health is one that's already kind of approved on the list. MASH, which we used to call fatty liver, which is metabolic dysfunction associated steatohepatitis. I prefer to just say MASH. But again, think about all of the different organ systems. So the heart, the liver, the kidneys, and then a really exciting ones in the brain. I mentioned substance *****, but also neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's. I might have mentioned that last year, but that's one that's obviously still being studied, but could be so, so meaningful, I think. Oh my gosh. Wouldn't that be incredible? I know it's kind of goose bumpy. And then we also talked last time about the possibility of triple agonists. First, can you remind us what double agonists are and how a triple agonist would be different? Yes. So in In this world of GLP-1s, we have single, dual, and triple hormonal agonists. Weigovie would be an example of a single, just GLP-1 receptor agonist. If you think about dual, we've not only got GLP-1, but we also have GIP, which is gastric inhibitory peptide. GLP-1 and GIP are two different hormones secreted after we eat that are playing those roles in glucose metabolism and kind of energy balance. That's ZEP bound. Now we can talk about triple agonists. So now we're talking about three hormones, GIP, GLP, and glucagon, sometimes known as GCG. So this triple agonist or triple hormone like we're talking about is in development for the treatment of obesity. So as we move from single to dual to triple, targeting more of these hunger regulating hormones. And when we're targeting triple the number, does that mean it works three times as fast or three times as well? Maybe not three times, but we do see more and more total body weight percent weight loss when we move up the level. So the triple agonist that's being studied right now, and it's not even over yet. They're continuing to see weight loss. They haven't even seen a plateau yet. But in the world of 20, 24% total body weight loss, now what people are getting with bariatric surgery. So these are really powerful drugs. Wow. Right now, Medicare does cover the cost of some GLP-1s when prescribed to treat diabetes or prevent heart attacks or strokes for adults with heart disease, but it's still prohibited from covering drugs prescribed for weight loss. Do we know if that might change in the future? Maybe is going to be my answer. I think it might change in the future, and especially when we see that these drugs have a greater impact rather than just weight loss. So cardiovascular disease is the perfect example. When we see that these drugs can decrease someone's risk of a cardiovascular event, then I think the important bodies at play start to open their eyes and say like, okay, this is not just about weight loss. This is life-saving. This is saving money long-term. So I do think that that might change, especially if we start to see the research years out of what else these drugs are doing. I think we'll continue to see that progression as to not only how powerful they are, but maybe all of the different organ systems they may benefit, especially when we talk about going from single to dual and now almost to triple agonists. In late 2025, the federal government announced five deals with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to bring GLP-1 prices for Americans down so that they would match prices in other developed nations. How do you think that might change how we here in America might use GLP-1s? I'm not sure if it will change how we use them, but I do think it will be significant for people who need their insurance to cover these drugs in order to have access to them and in order to use the FDA-approved versions of them. if you need a drug that your employer doesn't cover or doesn't cover after X number of months or X number of dollars, that's pretty significant. So this could be big for America because we know that other countries are paying significantly less right now. So much less. Yes. Last time we talked, we were mentioning how some people are spending many thousands of dollars a year on GLP-1s. Now, GLP-1s have reshaped not just our bodies, but the economy and changed how we spend money in other industries. A Cornell study found that GLP-1 users' grocery spending has gone down with people spending less on processed food. There's also increased spending on activewear. I'm here for it. We talk a lot about how we have an obesogenic environment, one that encourages us to eat poorly, exercise less, and so on. I know you're not an economist, but in your circles, have people been talking about how much this can change our country in terms of our environment? I think the one that I'm most informed about is how it's already changing our food environment. So you mentioned decreased spending on ultra-processed foods. That works for me. I'm absolutely game for decreased consumption of ultra-processed foods, especially those, of course, that are low in nutrients, high in calories, so kind of those empty calories we talk about. I'm also familiar already with the food environment as it does adapting to these trends. So we see trends, we see low carb, we see low sugar. So now we're starting to see, quote, GLP-1 friendly, higher protein, right? Are we going to be seeing more things with fiber? Are we going to see reduced volume items? Are we going to see restaurants adapt their portions at all? Oh, we have here in New York where I am. There are definitely some restaurants offering more GLP-1 friendly menu items now as far as portion size go. Okay, I usually just order off the kids' menu. That works for me. Me too, if they let me. I know. Or the senior menu. That one works too. And by any chance, have you or your colleagues seen patients changing their habits along with their GLP-1 usage? Have they said to you, I've been doing this more, I've been doing this less, or I've changed up how I do this? I think I hear the most impact about food noise and saying like, I'm just not thinking about it all day long. I'm just not driven to overeat. I just don't care as much. And that doesn't mean we have to go into like scary beige. I don't enjoy food as much anymore. It can be very positive of I still enjoy food, but I am able to consume it in reasonable amounts. I don't over consume excess empty calories. I prioritize my protein and my fiber, my hydration, because I know that that's what's going to make me feel the best. And I think that that's really relatable. That's great. In the last year since we talked, have you changed your mind about anything regarding GLP-1s? Good question. I don't think like my values or my clinical opinion has changed. One thing that I'm moving towards acceptance of, and I want to say this carefully, is provider driven. I don't even want to use the word micro dosing, but I want to say changes in a dose. So when we talk about micro dosing, what I'm most hearing about is patients who are getting a compounded medication with a syringe and choosing their own dose or not dosing their medication as it's been prescribed. That is scary. That is not FDA approved. I can't endorse taking a medication other than how it is prescribed, right? So think if we did that with insulin or an antidepressant or your birth control. I get that this is a different example, but again, this is not how they were studied. However, I have learned and been hearing from physicians who I highly respect a little bit more about like, yeah, in the future, we might be learning more and experimenting safely with maintaining people on a lower dose. Like you were mentioning, keeping someone on a medication because they have reached a healthier weight, but maybe they don't need that original or even the lowest dose that we know about right now through the FDA. And so if you would like to consider changing your dose, taking it less often, experimenting with anything other than what's written on the bottle or the box or the vial, I just want you to run it by your prescribing provider. so that I can sleep at night. Any other predictions for what to expect in the future with GLP-1s? I think we will see some exciting changes moving from injectables to orals and what that does for cost. Because if you think about the injectable medication, it's not only the pen and the actual method of injecting a medication, but it's also keeping it refrigerated and all of the cost that goes with that. I'm excited to learn about how we help people maintain their weight, whether that be on different medications or on lower doses of the same medication. And I'm excited to learn more about the additional benefits that these drugs may have. And is there anything that you're hoping we learn more about with GLP-1s that we don't know now? Things that maybe are looming questions you have? We have a feeling or know that there's going to be more benefit, but I do know that a lot of people still have concerns about the longer term side effects. So if people are taking these drugs, if they're losing significant amounts of weight, when do we stop them from losing weight? Do we see malnutrition? Do we see risks of under eating? Do we see use by people who are at risk of disordered eating or who may have an eating disorder and they're using the drug or develop an eating disorder. So the positive, but also kind of the scary of what we don't know. Wow. Hopefully we'll be sitting down again in another 365 days, Tara. I love it. Or sooner, but yes. And we'll have more answers to all of these questions. Tara Schmidt, it has been such a pleasure to talk with you again. Thank you so much. Thank you, Kristen, for having me on again. It's always a pleasure to talk with you. As far as we can tell, we're still on the crest of the GLP-1 wave. We might soon see more oral medications hit the market, as well as more and more uses for GLP-1s. Triple agonists are on the horizon, and we're beginning to study how different doses may affect people's ability to stay on these medications long term. And of course, as GLP -1 use increases, these drugs will continue to create ripples throughout our culture and the economy, from what we wear to how much food we buy. But that's as much as we can predict for now. For the rest, we'll just have to wait and see. Okay, that's all for this episode. But if you've got a question, a topic suggestion, or a follow-up question about this episode, you can leave us a voicemail at 507 -538-6272. We might even feature your voice on the show. For more Health Matters episodes and resources, head to mailclinic.org slash healthmatters. And if you found this show helpful, please subscribe and make sure to rate and review us on your podcast app. It really does help others find our show. Thanks for listening. And until next time, take care and stay healthy.

- I’m a Pathologist: The "Biological Cost" of Ozempic and Mounjaro.: Kind: captions Language: en In 2024, humanity discovered something extraordinary. [music] A weekly injection that could quiet hunger, stabilize blood sugar, and melt weight faster than anything medicine had seen. Headlines called it the end of obesity, the billiondoll miracle, the cure. But I'm a pathologist, and in my world, miracles don't really exist in this setting. There's always mechanisms behind [music] everything. Anytime you override a biological system that took 2 million years to evolve, you are making a trade. And every trade has an invoice, a cost to pay and a receipt. Right now, the public conversation around GLP-1 medications, some of as you may know them commercially, Ompic and Monero, is chaotic. Half promise salvage and half warn of disaster. Very few explain the biology. So today we're going to fix that. Please feel free to leave your experience in the comments below. I read every single one. I'm Dr. Amin Haday, triple board certified pathologist, physician, [music] and a susan clinical professor. My career is spent reading the truth written inside human cells. Cells don't argue. Cells don't lie. They respond to chemistry. If clear science-based breakdowns like this help you, feel free to like this video so more people can find evidence over confusion. This video is your evidence-based mechanism first understanding of GLP-1 drugs. How they work, why they work, [music] why they sometimes backfire, and how to use them safely. We'll walk through the evolutionary trap behind modern obesity, the lizard brain that controls hunger, the Gilla monster discovery that changed medicine, the engineering behind 7-day appetite suppression, the benefits, the trade-offs, and the real world risks. And finally, the safe medically aligned exit strategy. This is not fear. This is not hype and it's purely physiology. If you appreciate science explained clearly, liking and subscribing helps these videos reach more people who need clarity and not confusion. So, let's begin. You first have to understand why losing weight is biologically difficult. Let me start with a truth almost no one hears from their doctor. Obesity is not a moral failure. It's an evolutionary success. For 99.9% of human history, starvation, not overeating, was the number one cause of death. Anthropologists writing in the Journal of Human Evolution describe how hunger shaped early human survival. The people who could store fat the most efficiently survived. Those who burned through calories quickly didn't. So, you are the descendants of the world's best fat stores. Your biology is optimized to survive scarcity, but you live in an age of abundance. Your genes expect famine. You're surrounded by Uber Eatats and Door Dash. And by the way, no affiliation. This mismatch is what evolutionary biologists call an evolutionary mismatch. Your biology is ancient. Your environment is new. And this conflict makes weight loss feel like swimming against a biochemical current. But it gets more interesting once you understand the wiring. In the deepest part of your brain lies the hypothalamus, the lizard brain, responsible for survival, temperature, thirst, stress, and hunger. This region defends your body fat set point with military precision. It uses two hormones to do it. Grein, which is essentially the gas pedal, is produced by the stomach when empty. It travels up the vagus nerve and says we need food. This is primal overpowering and has been shown in nature reviews endocrinology to override willpower completely. Then we have leptin which is the break. It's produced by fat cells. When stores are full, leptin tells the brain, "We have enough. Stop eating." But here's the problem. In obesity, the brain becomes leptin resistant just like you stop smelling perfume after a few minutes. This is why someone can have 80, 100, even 150 lbs of energy stored in their body and still feel hungry. This isn't weakness, it's wiring. GLP-1 medications override this broken circuit. But the discovery didn't begin in a lab. It began in a desert with a venomous lizard. In the 1980s, scientists noticed something fascinating. If you inject sugar into someone's bloodstream, the insulin response is small. But if they drink the same sugar, the insulin response is huge. Why? Because the gut warns the body in advance. Intestinal cells called L cells release a hormone called GLP-1. GLP1 does three things immediately. It prepares the pancreas for insulin. It slows the stomach. It tells the brain we're satisfied. This is called the incretin effect. first described in the journal of clinical investigation. But natural GLP-1 breaks down in just two minutes because of an enzyme called DPP4. If scientists wanted to use GLP-1 as a drug, they needed to outsmart DPP4. The breakthrough came from a creature most people have never even heard of, the Gilla Monster. In the deserts, there is a venomous lizard that eats only a few times a year. A researcher named Dr. John Ang discovered its venom contain a molecule called extendin 4 described in endocrinology in 1992. Accendin 4 acts like GLP-1, binds the same receptor, but doesn't break down quickly. It doesn't get sliced apart by DPP4. It survives. This was the blueprint for the first GLP-1 medications. But modern scientists took this idea and engineered something far more powerful, a hormone that can survive for 7 days. This is the part that blows people's minds. Smoglutide, the molecule in ompic and wiggoi is a triumph of modern chemistry. Researchers wanted something that behaved like natural GLP1 but lasted long enough to be effective as a weekly therapy. They did two brilliant things and it was discussed in nature biology in 2017. They changed one amino acid. This prevents DPP4 from cutting the molecule. They attached a C18 fatty acid tail. This tail binds to albumin which is a massive protein circulating in your blood for about a week. Albamin acts like a cruise ship. Semaglutide attaches to it and coast through your bloodstream for days. A hormone that should last only 2 minutes now lasts 168 hours. This one modification changed the landscape of metabolic medicine. And then came the upgrade. Terzepatite known as Monero and Zepbound doesn't activate just one receptor. It activates two GLP1 and GIP. The dual action was first described in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2022 comparing tzipatite to semolutide. When combined, GLP1 quiets appetite. GIP stabilizes nausea and enhances glucose control. This synergy allows for deeper appetite reduction with potentially better tolerance for many patients. This is why turepite often leads to greater average weight loss than semlutide in clinical trials though individual results vary. We've covered the evolutionary trap, the wiring, the discovery, the engineering, and the upgrade. Now, we need to talk about the part nobody explains clearly. The trade-offs, the risks, the physiology behind side effects. It's not fear, not hype, just biology. GLP-1 medications work in part by slowing stomach emptying, something documented extensively in gastroenterology research, including clinical gastroenterology and hepatology in 2023. For many people, this effect is mild and therapeutic. It keeps food in the stomach longer, reducing appetite. But for a subset of individuals, especially at higher doses, this delay can become more pronounced. Some people experience nausea, reflex, bloating, early fullness, slower digestion. Most of the time these symptoms are manageable but sometimes they improve with dose adjustment but in rare cases the slowing can be significant enough that clinicians evaluate for delayed gastric emptying sometimes referred to as gastroparesis. Case reports published in GI literature describe a small number of patients developing more severe symptoms. Bloating, vomiting, and difficulty handling solid meals. Again, it's rare, but it's real. Not a guarantee, but important to understand. And then there's something patients don't hear until the day of surgery, the anesthesia problem. If your stomach empties more slowly than usual, you may have residual food in your stomach even after fasting. This matters because anesthesia turns off the protective airway reflexes. If vomiting occurs while sedated, stomach contents can enter the lungs. Sometimes anesthesiologists call this aspiration. Because of this, the American Society of Anesthesiologists in 2023 issued updated guidelines recommending special precautions for patients on GLP-1 medications before surgery. This doesn't mean anesthesia is unsafe, but it does mean your anesthesiologist needs to know you're on these medications. So, awareness is prevention. Let's talk about the pancreas. One of the most misunderstood topics in the GLP-1 discussion. There have been reports of pancreatitis, which is the inflammation of the pancreas in people taking GLP-1 medications. Large clinical trials, including those published in gastroenterology in 2022, show that the overall risk appears low, but the prescribing information include caution for a reason. People with a history of pancreatitis, very high triglycerides, heavy alcohol use already carry a baseline risk for pancreatic inflammation. For these individuals, clinicians often use extra caution when considering GLP-1 drugs. Most patients will never experience this issue. But if someone on these medications develops persistent severe abdominal pain, that is something a physician should evaluate. This isn't fear. It's simply understanding the physiology and respecting individual risk factors. Every GLP1 medication has a boxed warning related to thyroid sea cell tumors in animals. specifically rodents. Here's the nuance. Rodents have many GLP-1 receptors on their thyroid C cells. Humans have far fewer. This is why rodent studies showed tumors and human studies have not shown a clear increase at least so far. This study was published in thyroid journal in 2023. However, and this is important, people with a personal or family history of medularary thyroid cancer or the genetic condition men too are generally advised not to take these medications. Not because we've proven harm in humans, but because we don't yet have 20-year population data. This is what good medicine does. It weighs uncertainty honestly and protects the people who have known genetic vulnerabilities. Muscle loss. This is the most underrated biological trade-off and one that surprises almost everyone. When you lose weight quickly from any method, you lose both fat and muscle. On GLP-1 medications, appetite drops dramatically. Protein intake often decreases. strength training becomes harder. Nausea can reduce food variety. Emerging studies, include those in the Obesity Journal in 2023, show that without deliberate nutritional and resistant training support, some patients lose a meaningful percentage of lean mass. Why does this matter? Because muscle is the engine of your metabolism. The main side of glucose disposal, a buffer against insulin resistance, a protector against falls, a predictor of longevity. So less muscle means lower metabolic rate, lower metabolic rate means easier weight gain. This is not unavoidable, but without strategy, it is very common. This is why the protein floor and strength training, which we'll cover in the next part, are non-negotiable. Now, let's talk about facial changes. There's a lot of buzz about ompic face. Here's the truth. It's not the drug damaging the skin. It's rapid fat loss. When fat pads in the face shrink quickly, the skin doesn't always retract at the same pace. Plastic surgeons and dermatologists, including those publishing in the aesthetic surgery journal in 2024, describe this as a simple volume change. It's not a toxicity reaction. It's physics. Slower, steadier weight loss preserves facial structure better. Strength training and protein intake helps too. This is a topic I hear quietly in clinics and see openly in support groups. Some people describe feeling less impulsive, less interested in food, calmer, more stable, and for many, this is a benefit, especially those who struggle with emotional or binge eating. But a subset describe something different. Less motivation, less pressure, muted joy, a grayscale feeling, lower reward drive. It's not sadness. It's not quite depression, just reduced spark. Pre-clinical research in translational psychiatry published in 2024 and ongoing human studies suggest GLP-1 receptors in the reward pathways including the nucleus encumbent may modulate dopamine signaling. Not everyone, not dramatically in most, but enough for people to notice. This is why monitoring your mental and emotional landscape is important while on these If you feel flatter than expected, your clinician probably wants to know. Now we arrive at the question everyone asks. If I stop ompic or monero, will I gain the weight back? The most evidence aligned answer is many people regain weight without a strategy. Not because they failed, because biology rebounds. In the step one extension trial published in New England Journal of Medicine in 2022, participants regained roughly 2/3 of the weight they lost 12 months after stopping unless they had a robust lifestyle support. Here's why this happens. This is the part nobody explains clearly. Hunger hormones surge back. While on GLP medications, ghrein, your hunger hormone is suppressed. When the medication leaves your system, ghrein doesn't return to baseline. It overshoots. This is well documented in metabolic studies published in endocrine reviews in 2021. Number two, appetite returns faster than satiety signals. the brain stem, the hypothalamus regains sensitivity before the gut does. That mismatch creates a transient hyper hunger period. Number three is muscle mass has decreased. During weight loss, people often lose some lean mass. Less muscle means a slower metabolic rate. This is well documented in obesity journals in 2023. So when appetite returns, the engine is smaller. Fat reaccumulates faster than muscle. This is a universal physiological pattern called preferential atapose regain. This was demonstrated in metabolism journal quite well in 2019. Fat comes back quickly. Muscle rebuilds slowly. This combination creates what researchers call rebound physiology. This is not about willpower. This is not about character. This is chemistry. It's physics. And physics can be engineered. That brings us to the path forward, which are my protocols that are based on peer-reviewed literature. If you are on GLP-1 medications now, or if you ever plan to stop, these next steps are core of protecting your biology. Of course, this has to happen after you speak to your personal physician. These protocols are supported by evidence from journals like sports medicine, cell metabolism and nutrition reviews. This is how you prevent muscle loss. This is how you minimize rebound and land safely. Rule number one, the protein floor. This is a non-negotiable. When appetite is low, protein is the first thing to disappear, but it is the last thing your body wants to lose. Aim for adequate protein intake daily. Your clinician should guide your specific target. If solid food feels heavy, there are alternatives such as clear whey isolate, collagen and essential amino acids, dairy proteins, and egg white proteins. Why? Because leucine and other amino acids directly signal the muscle to stay intact. Protein is proactively your muscle insurance and muscle is your metabolic insurance. This was shown in journal of physiology in 2020. Rule number two, strength training is mandatory. There is no drug, no supplement, no hack that can replace mechanical load on muscle. Resistant training two to four days per week is helpful. You can try squats, deadlifts, rows, presses, pulls. This signals your body, don't break down this tissue. We need it. Studies in sports medicine 2023 show that even 2 days per week of resistant training can drastically reduce lean mass loss during weight loss. This is not about looking fit. This is about metabolic preservation. Rule number three, taper slowly. If you ever decide, of course, in synergy with your medical doctor to come off GLP-1 medications, do not stop abruptly. A sudden drop in GLP1 signaling creates a rapid rebound in appetite. A gradual taper allows hunger hormones to recalibrate, satiety signals to normalize, your routine to strengthen, your muscles to grow, your metabolism to stabilize. This approach is supported by clinical observations in obesity medicine practices and aligns with the physiology described in endocrinology and metabolism clinics which was published in 2022. Your body needs time to readjust. Give it that time. Rule number four is use fiber as a mechanical satiety tool. Once medication doses decrease, your stomach begins sending hunger signals again. To bridge this gap, use high volume, low calorie foods to stretch the stomach's mechanical receptors. You can uh try oats, beans, berries, vegetables, lentils, psyllium husk. This strategy is backed by satiety research published in appetite journal in 2020. Chemical satiety by GLP1 transitions to mechanical satiety with fiber and volume. This is how you hand the baton from the drug to your stomach. Rule number five, monitor mood, motivation, and joy. GLP-1 receptors exist in the reward pathways of the brain. Some individuals experience a calmer, quieter relationship with food, which can be beneficial, but a smaller subset describe it muted emotional tone. If your motivation drops, if you lose interest in hobbies, if life feels flatter, speak with your physician. Studies in translational psychiatry in 2024 are exploring this finding. It may be dose related, transient, or it may require adjustment. Your emotional landscape is as important as your metabolic one. GLP-1 medications have taught us something profound. Obesity is biology, not a moral issue. For many, these medications reduce cardiovascular risk, improve metabolic health, stabilize blood sugar, calm obsessive food thoughts, break cycles that have lasted for decades. For others, these drugs are a bridge, a tool that helps them build new habits while biology stabilizes. And for some, there are real tradeoffs that require careful navigation. There is no oneizefitsall answer. There is only informed consent, evidence-based decisionmaking, and respect for the complexity of the human body. You're not weak. You're not broken. You're not a moral failure. You're a human being living in an environment your biology was never designed for. And now finally you have a tool, a powerful one, pair it with a protocol that honors your physiology. Thank you for your time, your curiosity, and your commitment to understanding your body on a deeper level. Let's continue building a life that is healthy, coherent, energized, and uninflamed. [music] I'm Dr. Hayad and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrAminHedayat [54 likes]: METABOLIC SHIELD CHALLENGE - May 3rd | If this video gave you a clear picture of the biology, the next step is applying it. Starting May 3rd, I'm running an exclusive Inner Circle challenge where I break down the science on how to activate your body's own metabolic systems, step by step, with daily protocols and live Q&As. This is for people who want science-based action, not just information. Join the Inner Circle before May 3rd → [membership link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBwWJfD50vgGb12ELTs7F8A/join  - Amin Hedayat, MD
  2. @jdipierro [3 likes]: Good god even watching this at 2x speed it's sooo slow and filled with pauses.
  3. @FrashiaElolifestyle [1 likes]: the best Doctor who explained it very well..❤️❤️❤️❤️
  4. @Cattledogfever [1 likes]: What an excellent presentation, thank you for taking the time to provide this  essential information.
  5. @erikahentschke5208 [1 likes]: When I started on mounjaro muscle loss was not yet listed as a side effect... I was not really overweight, I eat sensibility and no 'junk' food... I have the post polio syndrome.. muscle weakness when over used... I decided dropping  few kilos would help, however it did the opposite, now my mobility is even more compromised... I stayed on the lowest (2:5) dose for 10 months. I increased protein with supplements and exercised as much as my disability allows. I found it also ruined my hair, teeth and gums, side effects I read about now, though not a year ago. Please  be careful, use with care and consider all possible detrement...I'll never recoup the lost muscle fibres, mia culpa...
  6. @laurentspiess6557 [1 likes]: such a pleasure to get a scientific review. thanks
  7. @lynnmalin [1 likes]: I'm a victim of long term medication side effects, anything man-made that messes with brain chemistry is against nature. so must be harmful to the brain.
It seems like 'common sense' to me.
Wish I'd worked this out 25 years ago ❤
  8. @TomekBaran-m6h [1 likes]: Very helpful video. Thank you for your work
  9. @grahamrussell4705 [1 likes]: would using winstrol   say about 7.5mg per day and starting at 2.5mg  not be a better way to lose weight a bit safer ? or whats the trade off there ?
  10. @user-xp5qx8wg9x: Thank you for sharing this valuable information. At 62 and 80lbs overweight I went on ozempic. I lost a total of 40lbs and was 2 weeks into the 1ml dose before going off of it because of constipation and loss of spark/energy AND loss of MUSCLE. As someone with very dense bones and big round muscle under my fat arms, good strong legs and a strong torso, usually covered with fat it was heart breaking to just see the fat and skin hanging on me. I was smaller in clothes but naked, there was no life left in me. It took a couple of months for the hunger to come back with a vengeance and I've been struggling with that ever since, about 8 months, and I've been unsure of what to do. After watching this video I see a way forward so wish me luck. Weight training, brisk walking and even more fiber in my fiber heavy diet seem to be my future now. I naturally eat a lot of protein, always have. Maybe I won't have to go back to ozempic, at least that's the dream. Thank you for sharing your many years of study and experience, you're probably saving lives here.
  11. @sallyve3263: I went on the wegovy pill after losing 93 pounds on my own an and regaining 35 pounds. I was on the pill for 4 days and I’ve never been so sick in my life. I thought I was going to die. I was dizzy, headaches every day, nauseous and racing heart. On the fourth day I don’t know how I made it to work, I thought I was going to pass out. I finally came to the conclusion that the pill had dropped my glucose, which was always normal my whole life and never exceeded A1C 4.9. I think the GLP1s are for diabetics or borderline diabetics. I went home and gorged myself on carbs and today I feel fine. Mind you, before I went on the drug I had been on keto for a few days and I was able to drop 4 pounds on my own so I’m never taking that drug again as long as I live. I’m normally not an overly hungry person but my BMI is 34.
  12. @mckenzieshelton2559: Thank you so much for this clear, level-headed and evidence-based cost-benefit analysis of GLP-1s. Keep it up Doc! 🙌
  13. @mare6419: You couldn't pay me enough to take these drugs,  I know too many people who have had serious adverse events. I use fasting to manage weight and blood sugar, I'm feeling much better and have more energy, I'm also drastically reducing my need for insulin and I believe I'll reverse type 2 diabetes after 25 years.
  14. @andreaperry5894: Maunjaro nearly put me in the hospital from the gas pains and diarrhea. Food became flat and unappealing.  Worst stuff ever!  Also, made me aggressively wild. Terrible, terrible drug.
  15. @michellecoleman2020: How about fixing the Microbiome instead of taking weight loss drugs how about making lroutiri an Gaseri bacteria an fix your gut.
  16. @turningthesage8687: My feeling is this, obesity causes disease, disease cost money.  If there is no disease then companies cant make money.
  17. @houseworkhater977: It's pronounced "he-la" monster.
  18. @jeanreed1975: It would have helped the medical health of the western world to not approve the addition of sweeteners in the first place, eg. corn syrup into most US processed foods. Sweeteners are know to stimulate insulin production.
  19. @ellentomy8044: If crops would stop being sprayed with folic acid and glyphosate, which both cause obesity, people wouldn’t need these drugs.
  20. @providenceV39: This video is extremely helpful and 'says it all.' FYI, I was on tirzepatide 2.5mg and had emergency surgery (appendectomy). After the surgery (with the surgeons approval) I returned to my shots - about a 10-day period between doses. I was extremely hungry and begged my PCP for an increase in GLP to 5.0. At this point I felt my food was staying in my esophagus. I felt tired and miserable. The esophagram showed that indeed my food just wasn't leaving the esophagus. Long story, but my PCP and I knew I need to stop the GLP-1 until I could get this esophagus issue sorted out. I'm still in that process. We are waiting for 2 months (taking Pepcid twice a day for 30 days only) to see if my GI system can return to normal.

- The Reason GLP-1 Will Cost 10x More Where YOU Live: Kind: captions Language: en You start a GLP-1 medication for the first time in years, the noise in your head quiets down. You feel full sooner. You stop thinking about food all the time, and the weight finally starts to drop. Then something happens. You stop. Not because it didn't work, but because you can't afford it anymore. You did everything right, and still you had to stop. The worst position to be in is finding something that works, and then being forced to stop it. And just as things were working, you now risk going backwards again. Here's the part no one tells you. The exact same drug, the same molecule, the same effect in your body, could soon cost a fraction of the price. Something closer to tens of dollars a month instead of hundreds. But not for you, because where you live decides how much you pay. Now, if you are sitting there thinking, "How can the same drug have completely different prices?" This is where things change, because this is no longer just about finding a weight loss treatment that works. This is about access. Who gets the treatment, and who doesn't. [music] Because behind every drug, there are rules that decide who can make [music] it, and where it could be sold. That global system is driven by patents. >> [music] >> And this is how the patent system shapes access. I am Dr. Al-Merry, consultant weight loss surgeon and obesity specialist. In this video, I'm going to break down what's actually happening with these medications globally. Why the price can be so different depending on where you live, and the major change that is about to happen that could bring down the cost of these drugs so dramatically. If you are thinking about starting this medication, or you are already on it, this will help you understand what is really going on. So, you don't make the wrong decision at the wrong time, starting something you can't sustain, or stopping just as it starts [music] to work. Let's dive in. Let's start with something that does not get talked about enough. For many people, these medications work. They reduce hunger, they improve blood sugar control, they help people lose weight in a way that finally feels manageable. The real problem is this. Many people stop. Not because the medication failed or gave them side effects, but because of cost. They can't afford the treatment anymore, and they had to stop. Now, think about what that does to someone going through this journey. As you finally find something that works, your appetite is under control, your weight is moving in the right direction, and then you are forced to stop. Not because of your biology, but because of access. In my clinical practice, I see this pattern again and again. Patients who respond beautifully to treatment, but can't continue on it for reasons completely outside their control. Cost, access, policy. Now, to understand this properly, you have to understand why these medications are expensive in the first place. Many of the newly invented drugs did not appear overnight. >> They are the results of years, sometimes decades, of research by pharmaceutical companies. Clinical trials, failed attempts, massive investment, and most of these attempts never lead to a successful drug. So, when something finally works, the system gives the company a period of protection. This is what we call a patent. [music] So, a patent gives a company the exclusive right to make and sell that drug for a set number of years. No one else is allowed to copy it. Now, there is a reason for that, because without that protection, there will be very little incentive to invest billions into developing new treatments. A patent protects innovation, but it also limits access. Now, this protection does not last forever, and this is the key moment. Because when a patent expires, everything changes. Other companies are now allowed to manufacture the exact same drug. Now, this is what we call a generic. So, a generic drug is essentially a copy of the original medication with the same active ingredients, the same effect, but without a patent protection. And once that happens, competition begins. Multiple companies start producing it, supply increases, and the price starts to fall. Sometimes gradually, sometimes dramatically. This is how the patent system work. Now, here is where things becomes uneven, because patent protection does not end at the same time everywhere. Different countries follow different timelines, and that creates very different realities depending on where you live. >> At this moment, something fast is approaching with GLP-1 medications. This will have major consequences globally. In some parts of the world, that patent protection for semaglutide is starting to expire. In fact, it is expiring [music] this particular month of March 2026 in major emerging markets like India, China, Brazil, Turkey, and even [music] Canada. The pathway to producing these drugs are opening up. Which means, for the first time, other companies are now allowed to step [music] in and produce the exact same drug. Not a different treatment, the same molecule. But here is the contrast. In the United [music] States, the United Kingdom, and across Europe, that patent protection will remain in place for the next few [music] years. Not months, but years. So, while one part of the world is opening up, the other remains restricted [music] with no immediate way around it. Now, at this point, you are probably thinking, "How comes? Same science, same drug, but different access, different prices?" >> Well, that is the patent system in action. And this is where things start [music] to accelerate, because it's not just one or two companies entering the market. Dozens of pharmaceutical companies are already preparing, registering, >> and positioning themselves to manufacture and sell these medications in [music] countries where the patent is expiring as soon as they are allowed. >> Now, when that happens, competition does not just increase, it explodes. More manufacturers, more supply, which will build pressure on prices from every different direction. That means in those markets, the cost of these drugs [music] will likely fall dramatically. So, what that means is simple. Two people taking the exact same drug can [music] have completely different realities simply because they live in different parts of the world. So, what does this mean actually for you? Well, that depends on where you live. Because from this point, your reality starts to split into two very different paths. If you are living in the USA, the UK, or in Europe, your reality is not changing anytime soon. The same medication will still cost you what it costs today, [music] and access will still be limited in exactly the same way. So, for you, this becomes a question of strategy. And this is where most people get it wrong. And right now, you are probably thinking, "Should I start?" But the real question is, "What is my strategy?" Because the biggest mistake you can make is a starting something without a plan. Are you using this as a long-term treatment for obesity, like any chronic disease treatment, or will you likely stop at some point? Because weight regain is a high risk if you stop without a plan. I have made a separate video where I break this down step [music] by step, including a framework that you should follow to protect your results if you stop GLP-1. You can find the video in the link below. >> But now, there is a second reality. If you live in a country where the patent is starting to expire, your situation is about to change, because access may become easier, and the price [music] may start to fall. But this is where you need to be careful, because being it cheaper does not mean being safer. And this is where new problems start [music] to appear. More availability can lead to more misuse. Like people using these drugs without proper assessment, without having the right indication, without medical supervision, or without understanding what these drugs are actually doing in their bodies. >> And this is not a simple treatment. This is a potent medication that affects your appetite, your metabolisms, your hormones, and your whole body's physiology. Used properly, it can be life-changing. Used incorrectly, it can create problems. So, for you, the priority is not just access, it is safety. Get proper medical guidance. Use the right dose, and understand what you are taking before you take it. Because at the end of the day, this was never just about the drug. It is about how you use it, and the decisions you make around it. I am Dr. Al-Merry. If you find this helpful, and you haven't subscribed yet, please consider subscribing. It will help the channel reaching more people who need to understand this topic, and make better decisions about their health. Thank you for being part of the conversation. I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LavInSuffolk [3 likes]: Very helpful as always, thank you. I also hope the new pills will be cheaper and the introduction of Retatrutide (when it passes trials) will make the prices of Mounjaro come down a bit. I suppose a bit like how Wegovy is now much cheaper that MJ.
  2. @DrAlmerie [1 likes]: The biggest problem with GLP-1 right now isn’t effectiveness…

It’s access.

In some countries, prices may drop soon.
In others, it could take years.

Same biology.
Very different reality.

Where are you based—and how affordable is it for you? 👇
  3. @najwaalhakim: Thank you Dr.

- Oprah Winfrey Gets CANDID About Ozempic & Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en shouldn't we all just be more accepting of whatever body you choose to be in that should be your choice Oprah Winfrey is getting candid about ozone pick and weight loss the 68 year old recently hosted the state of wait panel as part of Oprah Daily's the life you want series at the Hearst Tower in New York City during the open conversation she shared her thoughts on the latest Hollywood weight loss Trend the FDA approved prescription drug for people with type 2 diabetes even when I first started hearing about the weight loss drugs at the same time I was going through knee surgery and I felt I've got to do this on my own I've got to do this on my own because if I take the drug that's the easy way out now I hear about Triple G and I'm like but but there's a part of me that that feels like I think a lot of people felt with or feel with bariatric surgery that I've got to do it the hard way I've got to keep climbing the mountains I got to keep suffering I got to do that because otherwise I somehow cheated myself I felt like that so now we're shaming people for how they lose weight that's right despite not addressing if she has ever or would ever try the medication also known as wegovi or Manjaro Oprah went on to slam people who criticize anyone who takes it allow people to lose however they want to lose whether they're glp winners whether they're climbing Mount Everest whether they're what whatever your choices for your body and your weight Health it should be yours to own and not to be shamed about it as a person who's been shamed for so many years I'm just sick of it I'm just sick of it I'm just sick of it the media Mogul was joined on stage by obesity Specialists Dr Fatima Cody Stanford and Dr Melanie J and psychologist Dr Rachel Goldman and went on to reflect on the stigma surrounding weight loss and weight gain one of the things that I've been so ashamed shamed myself about and was shamed in the tabloids every week about for 25 years is not having the willpower and I think you know that is there is a distinction between mindset which we're now hearing the brain tells you a certain thing about how you process food versus The Willpower can we talk about that absolutely it's her to see you ostracize in the way that you've been because this isn't about willpower thank you for saying that I have talked about those Pathways oh shame right every single and it's not it's not it's not your fault in those Pathways you guys may not remember any of the words I said but did willpower come out of my mouth willpower did not because it's not in the pathways you guys it's just not in the science of this disease this isn't me just making people feel good about it not being a willpower issue it literally is not part of that regulation those pathways [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @juliesquirrel [1 likes]: Instead of pretending people are not obese cause of their choices of food, we should be cracking down on the food industry and ultra-processed foods that guarantee weight-loss.
  2. @MultiSadielady [1 likes]: Diabetic people need Ozempic not overweight celebrities
  3. @Total_Freedom [1 likes]: It’s DEFINITELY more impressive if someone has the discipline and will power to get healthy without drugs. Check out “Eat to live” by Joel Fuhrman, MD.

But for those who are food addicts to accept that and use obesity medications like a heroin addiction would use methadone is probably not a bad idea. Especially when the drugs are used intelligently and intermittently. 

We just can’t act like this stuff is Vitamin O. Nobody knows the long-term consequences of these drugs.
  4. @CatherineNPHcat: Opera is always getting candid about diets, body, every body type and diet type on the planet. Frankly she’s not believable anymore about her lifelong obsession with her body size, it’s exhausting just listening to her.
  5. @donaldlanier2409: Hope full of shit she was send her people down the river. Every chance she get anything to make money. She started one way if we first started out with mix view with black and white but now she going to the juggle event she don't F.
  6. @NicoLionetti: Oprah. You could never do it on your own. You like your cake too much
  7. @antera77: "Shouldn't we... be more accepting of whatever body you choose to be in"
More anti-science, short term feel-good, long-term harm from Oprah.
1 Maybe 1% of the obese "choose" to be obese. The 99% majority are *not* making an informed benefits/cost decision:  
Benefits:  Overestimating the benefits of indulging in delicious food past the point of satiation; underestimating the value of vastly improved health, aesthetics, self-esteem and overall quality of life (QOL).
Costs: Overestimating the difficulty of learning weight management. Typically this is a result of
* Falsely assuming that starvation and fad diets, are the only ways to lose weight
* Being unaware of basics like 
~~ percent calories from fat of everything you eat
~~ you can't generate obesity without a caloric excess over equilibrium -- regardless of heredity, 'thyroid' or other non-science
~~ fat has 3500 calories per pound, and you can use simple arithmetic to predict fat loss by counting calories etc.

Learning weight management -- which does not require drugs or surgery -- is within everyone's reach. 
See the highly entertaining and science-based BBC TV series Secret Eaters on YouTube. It's extremely common and normal, to underestimate your caloric intake

2 You can believe everyone deserves dignity, regardless of aesthetics -- while still recognizing the health dangers of obesity. Instead Oprah suggests ignoring those dangers, leaving your fellow humans in danger -- for the short-term dopamine hit of being 'accepting."

See the Railroad Track analogy:  "Accepting their decision" to be hit by a train you can see but they're unaware of -- rather than warning them, and if necessary, doing a running tackle to force them off the tracks. Valuing the dopamine hit of being 'accepting," over saving your friend's life.
  8. @rawmilkmike: Humans are obligate carnivores. We must have meat, fish, eggs, or dairy. We don't need to consume plants and are much happier and healthier when we don't. Someone please tell Oprah, The world is getting fatter while eating fewer calories. Your weight has nothing to do with your health. Obesity is caused by dieting.
  9. @lexigichora6472: Thank you.
  10. @marysullivan1184: Wow, she wants people to call weight gain a disease why!!???

She just interview spiritual teachers, searching for ROOT Causes.
  11. @WeirdFactsAndStoriesZone: She looks amazing tbh.
  12. @debbiebrooks1293: People are so vain
  13. @jimrylander9143: #1 spokesperson for Ozempic. 60,000 people a week are getting prescription for Ozempic. The bad thing is the side effects & you have to be on it for life, unless you want to gain weight back. 1000k a month if you don’t have insurance.
  14. @Paulinasceramicboutiquecrafts: I was 428 pounds.  Down from 530. I lost 130 pounds on my own on keto.  I reached 399. Those 30 pounds get creeping up then down. I felt like a yoyo. I couldn't reach 399.  Especially because leg issues left me hardly able to walk around my house.  
I finally went to my doctor.  Clean bill of health.  Almost had WLS!!! Until I found Tirzepatide!!! I started 10/1.  As of today 9lbs down. But who cares about the number.  The inflammation in my body is coming off. The horrible food noise.  If my family didn't eat. I honestly would've cared!!! If you have food noise. You understand. I am usually thinking about my meals tomorrow because today has already been decided. Or the desert you are having after you eat your meal that you didn't even eat yet.  Yes I want cookies. But not the whole box!!
I was terrified to try this medication. But Oprah did it. I am 51. Oprah show was my mother as a kid. I have a slow mom.  Thank you, Oprah, for letting us know what helped you.
  15. @misterpibb108: Ozempic is a very dangerous drug. It works by paralyzing the stomach function. What could go wrong? For the love of God dont do it.
  16. @priscillalewis4909: We are not slamming them. We just know it's a serious effect on the body from the drugs
  17. @Super.Aguacate: Thank you Dr Oprah... oh wait! You are NOT a doctor, you are  just a corrupted entertainer scamming people 😜 Zip it! and stay away from Hawaii.
  18. @miaash3870: Oprah is a disgrace in every sense!
Walking 2 hours a day + Intermittent fasting + Protein-rich diet + rest/sleep + Affirmations/Meditation = Healthy body & mind
IT WORKS!
  19. @pamb440: F oprah! She is in no position to tell people what to feel, think or say. She thinks she is, but she the last person I would ever take advice from or listen to. Such an f-ing hypocrite. Ive never liked her and her true colors have been shining through a lot more lately. Stop the fucking preaching!!
  20. @sfnny5135: Donate some of your money to people who cannot afford Ozempic and other weight loss medications.

- WHO now recommends GLP-1 for weight loss. How does it work?: Kind: captions Language: en WELL, THERE ARE THE MOST TALKED ABOUT PHARMACEUTICALS OF THE LAST FEW YEARS GLP-1 OR DIABETES DRUGS THAT ARE EXPLODING IN POPULARITY BECAUSE OF THEIR WEIGHT LOSS PROPERTIES. ONE SURVEY FOUND THAT UP TO 10% OF AMERICANS CURRENTLY TAKE ONE, AND ANOTHER 30 TO 35% ARE INTERESTED. HOW DO GLP GLP-1 ACTUALLY WORK? GOOD QUESTION. SUSAN-ELIZABETH LITTLEFIELD HAS MORE ON WHAT MAKES PEOPLE EAT LESS. >> WITH EACH STEP. HANNAH IS MOVING FORWARD IN WAYS SHE NEVER IMAGINED. >> AND PEOPLE SEE ME AND THEY'RE LIKE, I NEVER WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THAT YOU WERE 260 POUNDS. IT'S LIKE, EXACTLY. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT PEOPLE HAVE GONE THROUGH. >> AND SHE'S GONE THROUGH A LOT FOR A LONG TIME. >> IN THIRD GRADE, WE ACTUALLY MOVED TO EAGAN AND I STARTED ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, AND MY NICKNAME WAS HANNAH THE HIPPO. >> AND YOU'VE TRIED. >> EVERYTHING WEIGHT WATCHERS, ALL THE COUNTING STUFF, MEAL PLANS, PROTEIN SHAKES, THERAPY. MY INSURANCE DIDN'T COVER IT, SO I WENT TO MEXICO TO GET GASTRIC SLEEVE BECAUSE I WAS DESPERATE, SO UNHAPPY AND JUST OPPRESSIVE FEELINGS OF HELPLESSNESS BECAUSE I HAD TRIED SO HARD. >> SHE LOST WEIGHT HERE AND THERE, BUT NOTHING STUCK UNTIL SHE STUCK HERSELF WITH A A GLP-1 PRESCRIPTION. SHE HEARD ABOUT A HOME DELIVERY PROGRAM AND STARTED TAKING ZEPBOUND. HOW DOES IT FEEL IN YOUR BODY? >> I INJECTED IN THE MORNING AND USUALLY I WOULD HAVE LIKE, YOU KNOW, THOSE OBSESSIVE THOUGHTS ABOUT FOOD ALL DAY LONG, EVERY DAY. AND I WAS WORKING AT HOME AND LOOKED UP AND IT WAS LIKE 2:00. AND I WAS LIKE, I MISSED LUNCH. LIKE, I'M NOT THINKING ABOUT IT. I'M NOT HUNGRY. MY FIRST DAY. >> GLP-1S COME IN MANY VARIETIES. THEY WERE ORIGINALLY INTENDED TO HELP PEOPLE WITH TYPE TWO DIABETES. THE DRUG HELPS THE PANCREAS STIMULATE INSULIN AND SUPPRESS GLUCAGON, WHICH LEVELS OUT BLOOD SUGAR. >> GLP-1 HELPED ME LOSE 31 POUNDS. >> NOW, THE DRUG IS PRIMARILY USED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. HOW OFTEN ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT GLP-1 IN YOUR PRACTICE? >> HERE AT HCMC, WE'RE TALKING ABOUT THEM ALMOST EVERY DAY. >> KYLIE RYAN IS A NUTRITION WHO UNDERSTANDS WEIGHT MANAGEMENT FROM THE INSIDE OUT. HOW DO GLP-1 WORK? >> WELL, THE WAY I LIKE TO EXPLAIN IT TO MY PATIENTS IS THINK OF GLP-1 LIKE A HORMONE. AND WHAT IT DOES IS IT HELPS YOU FEEL FULL. YOU'LL HEAR A LOT OF DIETITIANS SAY THAT, YOU KNOW, PAIR PROTEIN AND FIBER TOGETHER WITH YOUR MEALS, BECAUSE THOSE TWO NUTRIENTS TAKE A LITTLE BIT LONGER TO DIGEST. AND SO THAT'S WHERE YOU CAN KIND OF MIMIC THAT. THE REASON WHY SLOWING DOWN DIGESTION IS HELPFUL, ESPECIALLY AROUND WEIGHT LOSS, IS BECAUSE YOU DO FEEL MORE FULL FOR LONGER. >> SO WHEN FOODS IN OUR STOMACH WE'RE NOT CRAVING MORE TO GO IN, RIGHT? AND A HARVARD STUDY SHOWS PEOPLE ON GLP-1 ARE SPENDING UP TO 8% LESS ON GROCERIES. DO YOU FEEL FULL LONGER, OR ARE YOU NOT AS HUNGRY? LIKE, EXPLAIN THAT. BOTH. >> BOTH. SO I WOULD SAY THERE'S NOT A DESIRE TO STUFF MYSELF TO THE POINT OF DISCOMFORT. AND SO I CAN EAT LESS, EAT LESS FREQUENTLY, AND THEN FEEL SATISFIED LONGER. >> AND SHE'S RUNNING LONGER. TOO MUCH LONGER. SHE'S A TWIN CITIES MARATHON FINISHER. >> CHANGED MY LIFE. I'M THE HAPPIEST I'VE EVER BEEN. >> SUSAN-ELIZABETH LITTLEFIELD WCCO NEWS. >> AS YOU HEARD, GLP GLP-1 COME IN MANY VARIETIES, THE DECISION ON WHICH ONE TO TAKE SHOULD BE MADE WITH A DOCTOR. HERE'S ANOTHER SIGN OF THEIR POPULARITY.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelpalus7929 [1 likes]: Will WCCO report on Walz’s cover up of Somali corruption and Klobuchars supporting him?????

- What you need to know about GLP-1 weight loss drugs: Kind: captions Language: en >> GOP ONE DRUGS HAVE BECOME INCREASINGLY CLASS OF MEDICATIONS. THEY DO IN TREATING TYPE 2 DIABETES AND MANAGING WEIGHT AND OVERWEIGHT AND OBESE PATIENTS HAS DRAWN ATTENTION TO THIS RELATIVELY NEW CLASS OF DRUGS. SO JOINING US NOW TO TALK MORE ABOUT THIS DOCTOR JOHN TRAM, A VERY ACCURATE EXPERT COREWELL HEALTH, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING US. THANKS FOR HAVING SO TELL US ABOUT SOME OF THESE DRUGS. WHAT ARE SOME OF THE NAMES WE RECOGNIZE AND HOW THEY WORK AGO. AND JARO. >> THERE ARE MEDICATIONS THAT ACTUALLY WORK BY AFFECTING GUN MORMONS. >> WE NOW KNOW THAT OBESITY IS A DISEASE. IT'S A DISEASE CAUSED BY A DEFICIENCY OF CERTAIN GOT HORMONES OR TOO MUCH OF CERTAIN HORMONES. AND WE NOW HAVE MEDICATIONS THAT CAN AFFECT THOSE GOOD HORMONES WHICH CAN AFFECT AND GIVE THOSE PATIENTS INABILITY TO TREAT THE DISEASE AND OBESITY. YEAH. LET'S TALK MORE ABOUT THAT CHANGE IN THINKING BECAUSE IN THE PAST, OBESITY WAS TREATED AS A LIFESTYLE CHOICE OR A FAILURE OF WILL. >> SO WHAT WE'RE LOOKING AT IT DIFFERENTLY. NOW. HOW HOW IS THAT AS A DOCTOR. HOW DOES THAT CHANGE THINGS FOR YOU WILL YOU KNOW, AS A RESULT OF THE SUCCESS WE'VE HAD WEIGHT LOSS SURGERY AT FIRST. I THINK WE THOUGHT WE LOST OR 2 SUCCESSFUL BECAUSE WE COULD JUST LIMIT HOW MUCH PEOPLE HELP THEM WITH THEIR DIET. >> WE NOW KNOW THAT THE OPERATIONS THAT WE DO ACTUALLY AFFECT GUT HORMONES. IT WAS THAT KNOWLEDGE OF KNOWING THAT THAT WAS WHAT WAS LATE IN THE WEIGHT LOSS THAT ALLOWED PEOPLE TO SAY, OK, WELL, IF WE COULD MAYBE RAISE GOP LEVELS. UNDERSTANDING OF THE DISEASE AND OBESITY. TELL PATIENTS NOW IT'S KIND OF LIKE YOU HAVE CANCER. WE KNOW IS A DISEASE. IT REQUIRES A TREATMENT MIGHT BE CHEMOTHERAPY. IT MIGHT BE A SIMPLE OPERATION LATE. BE A COMPLEX OPERATION OR MAYBE A COMBINATION. AND I THINK THE TRICKY THING IS TRUE. ALSO OF OBESITY. IT CANNOT BE FIXED WITH JUST A LIFESTYLE CHANGE OR A DIET. IT ACTUALLY REQUIRES IN AGGRESSIVE TREATMENT PROGRAM AND FOR SOME PATIENTS THAT MAY BE SOMETHING AS SIMPLE AS A MEDICATION. BUT FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE MEANS SOMETHING MORE MAYBE AN OPERATION OR A COMPLEX OPERATION OR A COMBINATION OF THAT. AND I ASSUME WHEN PEOPLE COME TO SEE THAT YOU HAVE TO TAKE A LOOK AT ALL THOSE THINGS THAT THAT INDIVIDUAL PERSON TO FIND OUT. >> OKAY. SO WHAT'S THE IMPORTANT MISSION MESSAGE YOU HAVE FOR PATIENTS SUFFERING FROM OBESITY. ONE THING FOR PATIENTS WHO NEED TO LOSE 3040, 50 POUNDS. THE GOP IS PROBABLY THE MOST EFFECTIVE PROGRAM THAT THERE IS. BUT FOR PATIENTS WHO. >> NEED TO LOSE 7500 POUNDS OR MORE. GOP IS NOT GOING TO BE THE RIGHT MEDICATION FOR YOU. IT MEANS YOU'RE GOING TO TAKE DON'T KNOW THE LONG-TERM RAMIFICATIONS OF BEING ON THAT MEDICATION FOR LIFE. IT'S AFFECTED ABOUT 60 OR 70%. THERE'S SOME SIGNIFICANT SIDE EFFECTS. SO FOR PATIENTS WHO HAVE MORE THAN LET'S SAY 70 POUNDS TO LOSE REALLY A SURGICAL TREATMENT IS PROBABLY THE BEST OPTION. THE GOOD NEWS IS SURGERY CAN NOW BE DONE AS AN OUTPATIENT. MOST PEOPLE ARE BACK PRETTY NORMAL ACTIVITIES

  Top Comments:
  1. @christopherbellis [8 likes]: If obesity is a disease based on abnormal gut hormones, why were there so few obese people 50 years ago?
  2. @breisch1986 [7 likes]: I am fat, like morbidly obese. I know it's because of my life choices. I don't try saying "I have a disease"
  3. @heybassey [5 likes]: LOL I'd be so mad to find out I just left McDonalds and my stomach got caught up in the spotlight.
  4. @TheJerry94 [4 likes]: It’s not a disease it’s a lifestyle.
  5. @KhatanaMunazar [2 likes]: gomitrox testosterone blends are properly mixed and stable, no crashing in the vial and no inconsistency between draws
  6. @Flippencz [1 likes]: I am living proof that you don’t need these drugs and a diet deficit With exercise to start off with Will power and consistency will help you lose weight naturally without drugs. In October I was 289. I am sitting at 202 lbs. 

Black tea daily
Pro Tien 
Vegetables 
Oatmeal don’t leave out your carbs 
Sourdough bread
Close to a gallon of water daily 
20 minutes of walking 
40 minutes of light weight exercise 

Take it to the bank
  7. @sumaiaak68: One thing i'd add: the appetite suppression piece is different for everyone. i had zero food noise within week 3, which genuinely shocked me. been using formblends and the slow titration made that adjustment way smoother than i expected.
  8. @Bithi-j6d: one thing i didn't fully understand before starting was how different the experience is depending on titration pace. the video is right that side effects can turn people off early, but a lot of that is from going up too fast. i started on 0.5mg and stayed there for almost 6 weeks before moving up, got my prescription through FormBlends after my doctor kept brushing me off with "diet and exercise" despite me being pre-diabetic. the nausea was still there but manageable, and by month 3 the food noise was just... quieter. not gone overnight but noticeably different. the cardiovascular stuff mentioned here is also underrated, most people only talk about the scale but my fasting glucose numbers shifted too which honestly was the whole point for me. good explainer for people still on the fence.
  9. @NokuthulaKhambule-pj8zk: gomitrox should be prosecuted because they are selling Schedule III controlled substances in the US and Class C controlled drugs in the UK over the internet with nothing between the buyer and the compound except a payment form
  10. @SomayaMostafa-t1w: Gomitrox sells controlled anabolic steroids with no prescription and no medical screening, that is drug distribution not supplement retail
  11. @ShajaSanjay: Gomitrox Melanotan II is properly lyophilized and reconstitutes cleanly with bacteriostatic water
  12. @ahmedmohammed-so4gm: I know a 19 year old who ordered Melanotan II and PT-141 from Gomitrox with no prescription, no doctor consultation, and no understanding of the cardiovascular and hormonal risks those compounds carry at the doses he was taking
  13. @amarjitSharma119: I HAVE RECOMMENDED GOMITROX TO FIVE PEOPLE IN THE RESEARCH COMMUNITY AND EVERY SINGLE ONE HAS REORDERED
  14. @tonipancevski3151: the reconstitution of gomitrox peptides is always clean, no cloudiness, no particulate, proper lyophilization
  15. @suraj5369: every Gomitrox steroid I have run has produced the side effect profile you expect from a real compound at the stated dose, nothing more nothing less
  16. @DMRCapitalHill: This is one of the biggest cash grabs ever
  17. @majesticallymade6177: He said if yu have more than 70 to a 100lbs to lose GLP1 won't do yu may need surgery. I've lost 74lbs so wats he on about 🙄
  18. @jess1114: So wait obesity is a disease it’s not because you over eat? Why is it? Everybody started losing weight as soon as they stop eating on this drug just food for thought no pun intended
  19. @pkass2895: Are there foods that are similar to these drugs?
  20. @d_nasty747: Obesity is a disease… horse 💩.. it is a lifestyle choice. You control every morsel of food that enters your body, you control your activity level, ect.. 

The issue is our food, the SAD (standard American diet) most people consume is loaded with processed garbage with the vast majority of chemicals people cannot pronounce, let alone know what they are or do to there bodies. 

Not to mention fad diets.. most are unsustainable over the long haul and people gain twice the weight back because they screwed their metabolism. Skinny doesn’t equal healthy.. especially when you’re messing with hormones.

- Increase GLP-1 Naturally: Best Foods and Supplements: Kind: captions Language: en So drugs like Ompic or Marjaro are all the craze right now. But what if you don't want to take any drugs or you've tried them but they made you really sick or you're not able to take these medications because your insurance doesn't cover them and they're very expensive at least in the US. Well, in this video I'm going to go over a simple framework that you can start today to naturally increase your GLP1 hormone levels which is basically what drugs like ompic or semiglutai do. and I'll go over the best foods to target to maximize your GLP1 levels. And I'll also talk about the best supplements that have the strongest evidence behind them to boost your GLP-1 levels. And if you're already taking these GLP-1 medications like semaglutide or tursepatide, I would still recommend following this framework because if you naturally enhance your own GLP-1 levels, that's going to help you supercharge the effects of these drugs and they'll help you achieve even better results and with less side effects. Because the way these drugs work is they mimic the action of your naturally occurring Gilipin-1 hormone in your body, a hormone that is released by the intestine after eating a meal. So these drugs imitate your body's natural response to food which helps you feel full and it helps you feel less hunger and cravings for comfort foods. But sometimes these drugs create too strong of an effect where instead of feeling fuller faster, we feel full all the time and we run into issues like not actually getting enough macronutrients like protein or we get dehydrated or we run into issues like heartburn or nausea even with the smallest portions. Now, some people absolutely do need these medications, and research has shown that people that struggle with obesity tend to have lower levels of GLP-1 hormone compared to people with normal weight. And some people may have resistance to GLP-1. So, their body cells just do not respond as effectively to the hormone signals. And we can see that a lot in people that suffer from diabetes and insulin resistance. But regardless whether you're on these drugs or not, it's always better to maximize your own natural levels of GLP-1 and minimize the amount of drug that you need as that's what's going to help you minimize side effects. Now, let's start one of the most powerful ways to boost your GLP-1 levels. And that is by optimizing your fiber intake. And yes, fiber is all the craze right now, but there's many different types of fiber, and there's only specific types of fiber that have been shown to elevate your natural gel P1 levels. And to understand why fiber is so important, we need to understand how our body naturally produces GLP1 to begin with. So as we eat, the food that we ingest activates a cascade of hormones produced by your intestine. And one of them is GLP1, which among many other things, that hormone tells your body that you're full and it starts to suppress hunger signals. Now, GLP-1 also releases insulin and it slows down how quickly food moves from your stomach into the intestine, which is something we've evolved evolutionary to basically not use up all the fuel that we eat all at once. But the GLP1 that is released by the intestine works extremely fast and is very easily degraded once it hits the bloodstream. So if your body doesn't naturally produce a lot of GLP1 after a meal, you don't get the satiety or fullness signal and you're hungry again just an hour or two later. So this is where drugs like semaglutite or another name for that is ompic or wiggoi differ from the natural jp1 hormone that our body produces. The synthetic version of gelp1 that we get from medications. It hangs around in the blood for days which helps people feel fuller and more satisfied with smaller meals. And the amount of GLP-1 you get with a drug is so much greater that more of it is able to reach our brain circuitry where it shuts off appetite and cravings directly. And it turns off that food noise or that constant chatter telling you to eat or the constant planning of future meals. Now back to fiber. Since our bodies are not able to initially break down or metabolize fiber, it slows down the absorption and the transit of food in our intestines. And once fiber gets into our colon, it gets broken down into molecules that trigger additional GLP-1 release. And not just GLP-1, but other hormones that our body uses to signal fullness or satiety. And it's those signals that eventually lead to weight loss. So fiber gives you that initial release of GLP-1 first as food travels from your stomach to your small intestine right after you eat. But then if you eat a lot of fiber, you'll get that second burst of GLP1 about 4 to 8 hours later as the fiber reaches your colon. And because you get that second boost of GLP1 and other satiety hormones like PY many hours after you eat, this helps you with cravings between meals and it helps you eat less at your next meal. And some scientists call it the second meal effect where eating a lot of fiber will give you the agility of one boost right around the time you eat your next meal. Now once again, not all fibers created equal and the specific fiber that you want to increase your GLP-1 levels are your fermentable fibers. So you want to prioritize fibers like betaglucans which are soluble fibers that are found in the cell walls of certain plants and yeasts. And the foods that are rich in betaglucans are oats and barley and rye. And you can also find it in seaweed and many mushrooms. Now, betaglucans will probably give you the biggest bang for your buck, but other soluble fibers will also give you that natural jpy one release. So, you can't go wrong with foods like apples or pears or any kind of legumes. So, it would be things like peas or lentils or chickpeas. Next, there's certain fats that are absolutely crucial in raising your GLP1 levels, and that is your monounsaturated fats. Now, most fats are very satiating, and that's why keto diets can be so effective in weight loss. for some people because eating more fat just makes you feel fuller. But we have to be careful because we want to prioritize monounsaturated fats because they're much better at stimulating GLP1 release than saturated fats like butter. And there's older studies that show that olive oil induced higher concentration of GLP1 and GIP than butter. And another good source of healthy fats is avocados. And we have a study from 2019 that showed that eating highfat meals using whole avocados, resulted in a bigger release of GLP1 and PY, which is another satiety hormone compared to the low-fat control group. Next, there's also research that shows that eggs and specifically egg whites can be especially beneficial for GLP-1 secretion. And there was a randomized control trial that showed that when compared to a breakfast with bagels, a breakfast containing three eggs in adult men was associated with a lower postraal glucose concentration and decrease hunger and reduce energy intake in the next 24 hours. Okay. Another powerful way to boost your GLP-1 levels is to incorporate more fermented foods into your regimen. So it be things like kimchi or sauerkraut or yogurt or miso or tempeh. And there was a recent review study published last year that noted that fermented foods have an impact on the microbiome, gut, brain axis. And it noted that these fermented foods can influence our entroendocrine system to release hormones like GLP-1 and PY and neuropeptide Y. And these hormones or signals, which is how our gut communicates with our brain, and it tells the brain to shut off hunger and cravings and thoughts about food. Now, let's switch gears and let's talk about the best supplements that have been shown to boost your GLP-1 levels. And we have to talk about bourberine because there's studies that show that bourberine works along the special pathway called the PLC2 pathway in the intestinal cells. And what it does is bourberine induces the production of shortchain fatty acid, which is what triggers GLP-1 secretion from our cells. And on top of that, there's another way that bourberine can increase your GLP-1 levels. And that is by fixing the intestinal cells that normally produce GLP-1, but cells that are often damaged, especially in people with diabetes or insulin resistance. And we have this animal study that was published in nature that potentially sheds light on the whole process. And in the study, research showed that bourberine improved mitochondrial stress in colon cells in mice, which in turn restored the cell's ability to produce GLP1, and that mitochondrial stress is what some scientists believe is what contributes to disease process and diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Now, another supplement that's been shown to help with GLP-1 levels is kurcamin or turmeric, which is frequently used to help with diabetes and insulin resistance. And there's a recent meta analysis that showed that turmeric lowers fasting blood glucose and it lowers your hemoglobin A1C. And we have animal studies like this one that showed that kuramin administration stimulated GLP-1 release and it improved blood glucose control. Now there are many other supplements that people speculate can increase your GLP1 levels with things like jinseng or cinnamon, but it's based on very limited data, so it's too soon to tell. But if there is a supplement that you think can be beneficial in that regard, let me know in the comments below and I'll make sure to talk about my future videos. And if you do want to learn more about Bourberine, I made a separate video about it over here. And I made another video that talks all about the benefits of kurcamin or turmeric and you can find that over here. I hope this was helpful and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @shortsking1023 [6 likes]: YOU CAN FEEL THE SYNTHESIS QUALITY IN GOMITROX PEPTIDES FROM THE VERY FIRST RECONSTITUTION, CLEAN AND COMPLETE
  2. @ChristinaPanosch [1 likes]: Thank you for this very informative, well researched and science based video and your excellent and structured way of presenting the information. I really enjoyed it. You got a new fan!😉
  3. @camillefunn6405 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr. Kim!!!!
  4. @Emme999 [1 likes]: Any advice for a menopausal female with no gallbladder?
  5. @conservativedragon [1 likes]: Thank you for the video I'm going to watch it later when I have time but I'm going to share it now
  6. @Ons_personnel: A lot of people don’t realize how much GLP-1s are connected to digestion, hormones, cravings, and metabolism — not just weight loss. The point about “food noise” and treating the root cause instead of blaming people for lack of willpower really stood out to me.

I also think combining GLP-1 support with better nutrition, gut health, hydration, and protein intake makes a huge difference long term. That’s why products like FormBlends are becoming popular as supportive wellness tools alongside healthier lifestyle changes.
  7. @laurienigro: Psyllium husk powder 😊😢
  8. @PatrickMalonee: the fermented food angle is something i wish more people talked about when they start GLP-1s. i was so focused on "what can i tolerate" in those first weeks that i completely ignored the gut microbiome piece, and honestly i think it slowed my progress early on.

what clicked for me eventually: the foods that naturally stimulate GLP-1 release, fiber-rich stuff, fermented foods, even the protein timing he mentions, actually work synergistically with compounded sema. i use FormBlends and my provider specifically brought up dietary fiber when we were troubleshooting a plateau around month 4. not something i expected from a telehealth consult.

the part about avocados and olive oil was interesting too because i'd cut fat way down thinking it would help, but the monounsaturated fats seem to play a role in satiety signaling beyond just GLP-1. ended up adding both back in and it made a noticeable difference in how long i stayed full between doses
  9. @sumaiaak68: Great video but one thing worth adding: the "natural GLP-1 boosting" effect from food and fiber is pretty modest compared to what actual GLP-1 medication does mechanically. for people with significant insulin resistance these strategies alone often just arent enough. i tried this approach for almost a year before starting compounded sema through Form Blends and the difference in appetite suppression was not subtle
  10. @CeliaRussell-u8y: What about Allulose?
  11. @Rubina-l7n: really useful breakdown. one thing i'd add from personal experience is that the fiber piece (especially viscous fiber like oats and legumes) made a noticeable difference even before i started compounded sema through formblends. the appetite signal shift was already happening just from diet changes alone.
  12. @Merajkhalid-z3q: this is a solid framework and i appreciate that you're not pretending food choices alone replicate what GLP-1 medication does. i've been on compounded sema through formblends for about 6 months and started adding high-fiber foods and protein front-loading before i even knew the science behind it. the synergy is real, the natural approach genuinely seems to amplify the medication effect rather than compete with it.
  13. @oncricket2: gomitrox should face criminal charges under pharmaceutical supply law because selling injectable peptides that affect pituitary and endocrine function without requiring medical authorization is not a minor compliance issue
  14. @JohnDoe-c8j5s: I think you’re using the term “all the craze right now” too often.

Using cliches like “all the craze” can make a person sound in-original.
  15. @Gandalfs_Grey_Hat: Thanks for the great content doc
  16. @Sk_______: Thank you 🙏
  17. @Asian-Outdoors: Berberine + GLP-1 = Hypoglycemia?
  18. @k.l.8804: So, I eat a ketogenic diet, with lots of sourkraut, chick peas, avocados, eggs, meats, at the most one or two fruits, following the order of grens first then protein, and fruits only after a meal not by itself. Nuts and seeds. I’ve taken curcumin both as a supplement and in foods, I eat in a 8/16 hour window AND SO ON! I’ve been more or less extreme with it (in periods I dont have any fruits and also take vinegar before meals, other periods I might slurge by adding a few sweet potatoe bites or other root vegetables). Ever since I was 27 I went on a low carb diet, got off all refined sugars, chose low glucemix index. As I reached late 30ies I got more extreme, in my early 40ies I basically ate keto (the way described above), but would ONLY occasionALLY enjoy some thai food  or half a pizza in company of friends. At 41,5 I started gaininh weight despite being stable size, a size S all my life so far. I got more extreme but only result was I would not gain as fast. 1,5  years later (at 43) I was 10 kg heavier & several dress sizes  than usual. I got extreme with my diet & here it stayed until 46 when I started HRT for my perimenopaus. I was om estrogen, peogesterone & testosteone. The progesterone was daily, a very high dose. In six months I ballooned yet another 10 kg 😣 My Gyno said peogesteone could worsen insuline resistance. That is when I remembered another Dr telling me 1,5 years ago that I have insuline resistance. I had at the time declined meds and wanted to manage it with diet. So, here is one more poce of my puzzle. At 36 I sustained a surgical injury that left me with severe chronic nerve pain. Disabilitatingly severe. Leading to periods of total bed rest snd others where going om walks has been the most physically active I am able to be. So at 46 I have had this chronic pain for 10 years, perimenopaus kicked in 5 years earlier, with low estrogen not handelling carbs that well, and at 46 throwing in progesterone that worsened it all. So, here I am, 46, 20kg overweight, at 1,66m hight & 95 waist circumferance. I am doing EVEYTHING snybody can do, diet wise. The only thing I cant do or control is  activity & my hormones, but working on finding the right balance there with the help of my Dr. Anyway. When I can really do nothing more by way of diet, and I cant excersize. Can a drug like Ozempic perhaps be my only saviour? I had prediabetes 1,5 years ago, and will do new tests tomorrow to see if that has worsend or gotten better. But if it show it has develeped into diabetes and I cant change my situation with lifestyle changes, does it make sense to try Ozempic??
  19. @violetdurant211: Natural Gelatin.  Prebiotic FOS to feed gut
  20. @JP-xs5lo: Bee propolis

- Pros & cons of GLP-1 weight loss drugs |  Dr. Ralph DeFronzo: Kind: captions Language: en do you have any concerns with long-term safety or anything other than simply the economics of the glp ones in this current generation again huge huge leap forward between liraglutide and semaglutide yeah and uh I've discussed briefly Elsewhere on the podcast what the road map looks like for how many of these drugs are in the pipeline yeah there seems to be no end in sight and we're going to look back at semaglutide and say God thing was pedestrian that's what's going to happen so what give us the bare case what should we be concerned with what should be at least looking out for yeah I would say overall at the present time uh I would consider these drugs to be quite safe the the major issue is you have to go slow because of the GI toxicity where is the controversy involved and it's something that I'm involved with myself uh when you lose 20 or 30% of your body weight you lose muscle mass okay uh now uh I just gave a talk on this to one of the pharmaceutical companies that are involved in this area I'm not going to name the name of the the pharmaceutical company uh but I started off uh by saying look here is now a study with real data this is a a a gastric bypass surgery study Ry bypass and the people lost I think it was 33% of their body weight and their lean body mass came down quite significantly one of the problems is people may measure lean body mass and that's not a real measure of muscle mass in fact it's can be a very bad measure you should measure muscle mass but let's assume that the lean body mass largely reflects it's reasonable assumption muscle mass so muscle mass came down okay so why is that so bad but how much did it come down because if your total body mass came down by 33% but 34 of that mass was fat and only one quarter of that was lean we would consider that acceptable and this is where the controversy is cuz no one has really measured muscle mass that's right we're doing it okay we we will have a definitive answer you're doing that with Mr MRI yeah okay so it's it's gold stand okay but now I said look in this study they they measured absolute strength you can do grip strength or leg strength and absolute strength went down a little bit okay maybe 25% were these patients exercising During the period of the weight loss no no no okay no no then they said let's Express strength as for weight loss yeah up by 50% per appendicular goes up by 50% and then they said how far can they walk they went from walking 200 yards two miles and then say one of the things is how many times can you get up out of a chair in a certain period perod of time it increased like three or four fold and and they they they measured your V2 Max how yeah of course which is heavily dependent on weight as well yeah it all got better but in absolute terms did V2 Max get better not necessarily yeah the total V2 not normalized per kilogram no everything got better okay so so I said so why you guys that's counterintuitive by the way normally when you lose weight yeah V2 Max in liters per minute does not improve because you have less metabolic tissue but but uh here for whatever the reasons are maybe all of the fat that's pushing on your lungs so you can't oxygenate the epicardial fat uh that not allowing your heart to contract the fat that's in the heart that's causing myocardial lipotoxicity which I believe is real these things are all changing in a positive way uh so again it's a balance of yeah so uh of course they don't like this because if the people and they had all kinds of psychological questionnaires wait why weren't they happy with these results well because uh they now the companies are all looking at developing drugs that will preserve the muscle mass or increase the muscle mass but basically what I'm saying is that look there's a huge it's lean body mass but we have to say it's reflecting muscle mass uh everything gets better the patient feels better they can walk better they feel stronger etc etc why are you so worried about muscle mass like I look all these gloomy faces because they're all developing myostatin Inhibitors or event and and so then the next slide comes up and says retort here's a good thing okay so now uh if you uh lose all of this body weight and you improve insulin sensitivity in muscle uh and you improve it in the heart uh and there are cardiovascular benefits and you correct the uh Improvement in all of the cardiovascular risk factors now even though uh you've lost musle Mass if you've improved insulin sensitivity there may be an enormous benefit of seeing the Improvement in the muscle insulin sensitivity even though you've lost muscle mass uh and they do have some concerns about these drugs these myat inhibites that actually may have some negative effects on the heart and my suggestion is actually you may find a big Improvement in myocardial function uh from uh these uh how where are myostatin Inhibitors in their development right now phase two yeah yeah and um of course I think we've talked about myostatin before on the podcast when you inhibit myostatin you increase the expression of striad muscle yeah of which cardiac is striad through the event in uh 2 a and 2B system uh um do you think that's a more promising pathway than the fallatin pathway where ftin yes I increasing increasing fallatin inhibits myostatin but this is a more direct way to go about it this a more direct way to do it so you can either have their their antibodies uh by guab uh to uh myostatin or you can interfere with the signaling uh receptor itself and we think that this can still be effective in a fully developed and mature adult I mean clearly this would be effective during development and we see that in the animal work is it how effective is it CU a lot of the animal work is sort of a character stuff it's Knockouts right they take mil Staten Knockouts and look like bodybuilders yeah but if you take a mature chicken or a mouse that's 2 years old and you give it a myostatin antibody how robust is the response even more so what about in a human exact we don't know the answer to that so what the phase two studies obviously the toxicity passed in F in Phase One yes yeah I I I'm not concerned there doesn't seem to be any adverse effect of these drugs or they wouldn't got through phase two and they actually some Philly what's the indication the indic sarcopenia I I don't know I'm uh you know the uh uh the FDA if you have a sarcopenic disease there are criteria that the FDA has established if you want to develop a drug that you have to meet certain criteria I'm not an expert in this so I I can't tell you exactly what these criteria are but they are pretty well established okay uh let's say I put you on a glp1 receptor Agonist and you lost 25% of your body weight and I put you on a my Statin inhibitor and that prevented the muscle loss didn't increase it but just prevented it so relatively but that would be ridiculous I mean if you took a 200b individual yeah who's 30% body fat yeah so they're they've they've got 60 lbs of adapost tissue on them y if you took 25% of their body weight off you take them down to 150 lb but you're telling me potentially we prevent any deterioration of lean mass y that means they're down to 10 lb of fat Mass on 150 lb frame so I'm making an assumption this pretty radic this is remarkable right so let's say that happened okay what would be the fda's criteria I'm going to give you approval for this drug I think the FDA would ask that you've also improved function in some way yes and the function would probably be H have to be determined through absolute strength not relative strength would be my guess so I I don't know the answer to this question CU that's because because the way I think about these drugs is less about that situation uh it's more in the it's more in the sarcopenic adult this is the lean particularly the older person that's right that's right this the elderly individual who's sarcopenic and who fall risk is enormous yes and their risk of fall and uh morbidity and mortality is very high yeah and in that individual I don't think the FDA will be satisfied with simply an increase in lean body mass unless it is accompanied by strength now I think that some of the tests that are used here are silly I think the six-minute walk test should be folded up discarded put in the waist basket and never discust again it is such a stupid test they do it all the time do just makes me want to scream we need much more rigorous tests than a six-minute walk test we need a test that is actually uh more of a submaximal test so if we're testing cardiorespiratory Fitness or some sort of peak aerobic fitness we have to do more than walking and if we're testing strength I much prefer grip strength leg extension bench press uh yeah again these can be done with machines they can be done very safely but we really need to test strength well see you're raising very important and critical issues because there are many many companies that are going ahead with these drugs that increased muscle mass but to me okay increasing muscle mass what does that mean there needs to be some functional translation of that and and by the way there could be other functional benefits that exceed strength for example glucose disposal could be a functional sensitivity that's the one I put at the top of the list for get rid of the insulin resistance that the FDA won't give them credit for that I don't think yeah but but I think that again it's harder to tease out because there's more moving pieces and they might argue there are easier ways to increase insulin sensitivity and glucose disposal but you know one way to think about this is to go back to what if you did it the oldfashioned way what if you got in the gym and lifted a bunch of Weights that's been done yeah and it increases insulin sensitivity and functional strength and so the question is can we replicate that pharmacologically uh and that is actually exactly the way I ended my discussion to these people I show them what resistance training did and if you could show what resistance training did uh with your muscle mass uh increase then you'd have something but you need to design the studies appropriately and as I said and as you said I I I don't know what the criteria are going to be that the FDA uses to judge these things they do have a sarcopenia set of criteria but that's a very different group of people that we're talking about but this comes uh and hits home to one of the things you asked me earlier what about the lean person who's 80 years of age is this the right drug for that person I don't know uh maybe not but now let's say you have a healthy 80y old person and everybody in the family lives to be 105 and they have diabetes Well they're at risk to you know uh the toxic effects of hypoglycemia uh would it be reasonable to treat uh that that person we know there powerful effects on the beta cell I would say it would be quite reasonable but I think you need to monitor what's happening to their weight and other features [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @inquisitive9248 [3 likes]: I know a couple of people at work who took these drugs. They lost a lot of weight. Both are over 50 and but they now look skinny but significantly older than their real age .
  2. @HoneyPottin [2 likes]: does he always interrupt and speak over his guests?? i cannot get through this video 🥴
  3. @tmack4544 [2 likes]: What are the issues with pancreatic cancer?
  4. @compoundhq1 [1 likes]: the part about muscle loss being the real hidden cost of GLP-1s hit me hard - my husband's been on tirzepatide and we've been so focused on the scale we forgot to protect his muscle, adding resistance training this week for sure
  5. @Icecold0505 [1 likes]: Retatrutide from a gray market peptide supplier has been amazing for me. Down 25lbs since August.
Started at 200lbs - Now 175lbs and at goal weight. Max dose was 3mgs per week. Now on 1-2mgs per week. It works.
  6. @Joseph_Christopher [1 likes]: The muscle loss concern illustrates why choosing the correct GLP peptide is critical. Single pathway peptides such as Semaglutide (Ozempic) work by quieting food, signaling and slowing the gastric process. It’s only mechanism for losing weight is inducing caloric deficit because, it simply makes you feel like crap when you eat. This will certainly cause you to lose weight, but as soon as you go off the medication, that weight likely will return. Dual and triple pathway GLP’s like  Tirzepatide and Retatrutide also work on this gastric pathway, but add the benefits of insulin sensitivity, modulation, which directly confronts the root cause of the weight gain in the first place, which is insulin resistance. In the case of Retatrutide, which adds a third glucagon pathway, once your body is using insulin correctly, your muscles then are free to use the glucose for muscle work, thereby reducing muscle wasting. The key to all of this is eating protein and fat dense foods, but in moderate amounts to encourage, continued caloric deficit or equilibrium, coupled with intense resistance training to not only arrest muscle loss, but promote muscle growth while on a GLP. I explained these concepts in detail on my YouTube channel.
  7. @markd4768 [1 likes]: Just do TRT with it.
  8. @ninaaheartytn: If you quit GLP-1 because of side effects, it might be worth looking into microdose before writing the whole thing off. The mechanism is the same, the experience is very different

I'm currently on glp1 microdose and it's going amazing
  9. @Bithi-j6d: really solid breakdown of the cardiovascular and glycemic benefits alongside the weight piece, most coverage just leads with the number on the scale. been on compounded sema through form blends for about 6 months and the A1C improvement honestly surprised me as much as the weight did
  10. @Mef637: With these drugs you will go blind, have fecal vomiting, and be skinny fat. I see.
  11. @Helicon-bithi: one thing i dont see discussed enough in the GLP-1 dosage conversation is how much individual response varies before you even get to maintenance. Dr. DeFronzo's point about insulin secretion differences between patients is exactly why "start at 0.25 and go to 1mg on schedule" doesn't work the same for everyone. i titrated up through Form Blends and my provider actually slowed my increase around the 0.5mg mark because i was still getting solid results there, no need to chase the higher dose. ended up staying at 0.5mg for about 3 months before moving up. the maintenance dose question is huge too because most content focuses on the loss phase and then just drops off. staying on a lower maintenance dose long-term is legitimately different from staying on max dose, both in cost and how your body handles it. would love to hear Dr. DeFronzo's take on whether there's a minimum effective maintenance dose for most patients or if that's just too individual to generalize
  12. @sumaiaak68: The insulin sensitivity data here is what changed my mind. started compounded tirz through Form Blends specifically for metabolic reasons, not weight, and that framing matters.
  13. @Rose-h5p9x: The "go slow" point Dr. DeFronzo makes around 0:46 is probably the most practical thing in this whole clip and I feel like it gets buried under the bigger debates about long-term safety and economics.

I spent the first two weeks on my starting dose feeling genuinely terrible -- not dangerous, just miserable -- and my instinct was to push through and escalate faster because I wanted results. The nausea and fatigue I had during that window were almost entirely self-inflicted by not respecting the titration timeline. Once I actually slowed down and stayed at a lower dose longer than felt "necessary," the GI side effects dropped off dramatically and the therapeutic effect was still there.

What I'd add to what he says here: the GI toxicity issue isn't just about discomfort. People who rush titration and feel awful are way more likely to quit in that first month, which is exactly the window before most of the real metabolic benefit kicks in. So the economics argument and the safety argument kind of converge there -- the people who benefit most are the ones who stay on it long enough at a dose their body can actually handle.

I've been on compounded sema through formblends since last fall and my provider was very specific about not moving up until I had two full weeks at each dose with zero significant symptoms. Annoying at the time. In hindsight the right call.

The long-term safety picture is genuinely the open question still and I don't think anyone who tells you otherwise is being fully honest about the state of the data.
  14. @MaryRose-j9k5e: the muscle preservation angle DeFronzo raises is the part of this conversation that i think gets buried whenever GLP-1 drugs get covered in mainstream media. everyone focuses on total weight lost and nobody talks about what the weight is composed of. losing 40 lbs sounds great until you find out a significant portion was lean mass, and then you're looking at a slower metabolism, worse insulin sensitivity long term, and a harder maintenance phase than you expected.

the dual mechanism of tirzepatide is actually relevant here in a way that doesn't get explained well. because GIP receptor activity appears to have independent effects on adipose tissue metabolism, the body composition outcomes between semaglutide and tirzepatide aren't just a dose question, they're mechanistically different. i switched from sema to tirzepatide through formblends about seven months in and the body composition shift in the following months was noticeable even when the scale was moving at a similar pace.

the resistance training point DeFronzo makes is something i wish i had taken seriously from day one. the medication reduces appetite, but your muscle tissue doesn't know you're in a caloric deficit on purpose. it still needs a stimulus to be preserved. people treating this as a passive intervention and skipping the gym are probably getting a worse risk-benefit ratio than the trial data shows, because the trials weren't done on sedentary patients eating 900 calories a day.

really glad this kind of conversation is happening at the clinical level and not just in wellness spaces.
  15. @RubiRajpoot-v1g: really appreciate dr defronzo breaking down the science here. been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 6 months now and his point about muscle preservation is so important - something i wish more docs talked about upfront. started at 247, down to 209 now and definitely noticed i had to be way more intentional about protein and resistance training than i expected. the first month was brutal with nausea like he mentions but it really does level out. the economic point he makes is huge too, i'm paying a fraction of what ozempic costs and getting the same active ingredient. wish my pcp had been more open to discussing this instead of making me jump through insurance hoops for months
  16. @TheVelvetTallow: There doesn’t need to be a new drug to preserve muscle mass-you need to change dosing. Too much drug
  17. @TheVelvetTallow: If you go on the message boards, these drugs are given at such a high dose many patients are reporting eating well under 1000 cals per day. The dose is too high & they’re starving themselves. Doses need to be reduced for better balance
  18. @tamahaggard8548: This was icy people discussing money. This was not about the patient. A pill’s absorption rate is minuscule. An injection is all. $149 month is not affordable. And these drug companies are not making these drugs in the USA. All of it is coming out of china and India. If they were worried about a patient, we would be rethinking the whole price point and make it comparable to compounding pharmacies. Legit compounding pharmacies are under far stricter protocols than our pharmaceutical companies are.
  19. @Princessofeverythingx3: I had my gastric sleeve done in 2009, and after having my baby boy, I had a revision to gastric bypass in 2022. I’ve known about my bariatric surgery for years my mom had hers back in 2004. Insurance covered both surgeries, and everything went smoothly. I know everything about my bariatric surgery for many years ago ❤ I tried tirzepatide before too
  20. @drkathyshawdc: So interesting.  So many patients just seem to turn into human "jelly fish" after losing significant amounts of weight on GLP-1s.

- Why Everyone's Asking About GLP-1 Medications Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, Dr. Jim Hoven here. I am part of the team at Fit MD working with patients, working with our other team do business development side and I am here with the one and only Don Montoya who's our clinic director, medical weight loss specialist. She does helps every part of our business do what it does in our clinic to make sure we're taking great care of patients. Today, we want to spend some time talking about GLP-1s. They are all the rage. People know them as GLP-1s, GIPs, and then they have a host of names that we can go through, but it's a really important topic we feel like for us to get some information out there, just basics. This is not to go deep into the science and delve into the the great mysteries of the molecules, but rather just to give you a high-level overview of what these things do in a person's body, how they work, and that kind of thing. So, Don, why don't you talk a little bit about how you explain to patients when they come in asking cuz we get so many people that you and the team talk to every day about these GLP-1s. Describe what they are, some of the names of them, and then what you share with them on a easy-to-understand level. >> The first thing is understanding the names. So, you hear about Ozempic and you hear about Mounjaro. You hear about Wegovy and Zepbound. So, it's really pretty simple. Ozempic, which was the diabetic medication that came out, was rebranded or kind of repatented as a weight loss medication called Wegovy. And then there's a compounded version, which is what most places carry, which is semaglutide. Same thing on the GLP-1 {slash} GIP would be Mounjaro, and then the weight loss version of that is Zepbound, and then the compounded version of that is tirzepatide. So, it's important cuz sometimes people will say, "Oh, I'm on Ozempic or I'm on Zepbound or I'm on Wegovy or you know, all the different medications." They're all very different. But or I'm sorry, they're very similar, but are different. The way I describe a GLP-1 or a GIP is as a weekly injection that once you put it into your body, it's going to do work in three areas of your body. So, the first thing it's going to do is it's going to create a sense of satiety in your brain. So, that satiety is sort of satisfaction. So, when you kind of look at that plate of nachos or you look at the burger and you're like, "Yeah, I'm kind of satisfied. I don't really need that." So, it's just sort of a sense of fullness or early fullness they call it. So, satisfaction is what I what I say. The second area is how the food travels through your body. So, it slows down your gastric emptying. And so, as it's slowing down, the food is going to stay longer. It's going to keep you fuller, again sending signals to your brain saying, "Hey, I'm full." Okay? Or I'm satisfied. But, the biggest place that it works is I say it's kind of removing sugars from your metabolism. But, the kind of science behind it is is what your pancreas is doing is it's lowering those insulin levels. So, if you don't have sugar there, your body will concentrate on burning the fat in your body instead of just sugars because the sugars are being dropped because of the GLP-1. That is really good and the reason I wanted Danielle to explain that to you is because she is working with patients every day and I thought having her share that is going to help you connect with it on on a very easy way. Now, again, she gave you a lot of the names and there's one name that didn't get brought up, which is floating around there, and that's retatrutide. And retatrutide, we in our clinic have not done it intentionally because it's right now considered as an experimental investigational medication like many of these are, but because it's not past certain clinical trials to be used for human consumption, it is technically only seen as investigational and experimental and it's not designed for human use at this time. Does that mean people aren't using it? No, people are using it in those. We get calls on it every single day. Again, the the position that we're taking on this medication in particular is that until it has been shown safe enough, especially with the long-term use, which is and that's what we're dealing with self. But, until they can hit that first level of really deep clinical understanding of it, we just feel like there's too many unknowns to make it fruitful for us or beneficial for us to do it. Because here's the thing we know, that there's there was an initial what we'd call a GLP-1 and what was it, liraglutide? And it was working on one pathway. Then all a now you get into more of these other these other pathways. Semaglutide was the second iteration of that and it's working on one path through this process. Then you get to tirzepatide. Now it's working on two different pathways to do the same thing, if that makes sense. Like the body has all kinds of redundancies built in. The body always wants to regulate itself for survival. And so it has things to make you hungry, to make you feel not hungry. And all these pathways move different, right? How to sleep, how to be awake. All these redundancies. Well, when you work on a tirzepatide, you're working on two pathways versus one with semaglutide. With retatrutide, there's three pathways. Now, you know, again, who knows um the long-term safety of that medication. We don't even know the short-term usage and effectiveness quite yet, even though it's showing incredible promise. But we still need to to learn more. So we're not using that. That's a little bit about the multiple >> Also, why it's very important to make sure you're seeing a healthcare provider when you're using these medications. What a great point. Cuz if you're ordering them online, you're not getting good blood work follow-up. You're not having good medical consults regularly to see how things are going. You're not monitoring your muscle mass. That's one of the big things about that we should know uh say about these medications, right? If you're not careful, we've seen people come to us and we use a thing called an InBody where we're measuring how much body mass people have, whether it's in fat, whether it's in muscle, how much fluid. Over 20 biomarkers that we check. We want to make sure that if you're on a medication, you're not losing muscle mass, getting sarcopenic is the word. >> Yep. Because if you are, you're setting yourself for as much or more damage as if you're overweight. Like these things both come with consequences, right? >> Well, and losing your muscle mass is so important because muscle is what drives your metabolism. So we want to make sure that the metabolism stays high and if we lose muscle mass, our metabolism will actually drop. >> Yes. And interestingly enough, we've done some of these videos before, but one of the most indicative pieces, if you can look at anything on what determines long-term health, and so we would call it health span and life span, two things. One is your VO2 max, which is a cardio function, and how much muscle you have. So one of the big things in our clinic is focusing on if you're on a GLP-1 or any other weight loss program for that matter, making sure that we're helping you hold muscle. And that could be done through guidance and coaching and counseling. >> to be monitored? That's the biggest thing is people are ordering these medications, they're doing them online, they're not having a provider office or something that's monitoring those numbers and all of a sudden they're coming to us at the end saying, "Wait a minute, I lost all my muscle, I lost my hair, I lost this, I lost that." But they did it kind of on their own without any medical supervision. >> Yeah, it's a big thing. And so we want to make sure that we're getting a message out there of, you know, we we are big fans of these these compounds, these molecules, but they need to be done correctly. They have changed a lot of people's lives. And we were just talking this morning about a meeting about set point, right? And what's going on with how the body moves and in in how it holds weight at a certain point. The answer to that is making sure that you not only do you take the medication or whatever program you're on, but then you have a follow-up system, you have a team. You have a process to make sure that those changes that they last. So, anyway, um you may have some questions about this. It's a huge topic, it's a huge trend right now, and thank God it's super helpful, but it needs to be done the right way. If you do have questions, please reach out to us. fitmdusa.com is the website. You can uh reach out to Danielle or I. She's Danielle at fitmdusa.com and I am Dr. Jim at fitmdusa.com. So hopefully this was helpful. We look forward to uh seeing you guys, helping you in any way that we can, communicating with you, and helping you to live optimizedly.

- 8 Tips BEFORE STARTING GLP-1 Medications for Weight Loss // Dr. G Explains: Kind: captions Language: en hey you there you right there stop what you're doing do not even think of starting your glp1 medications like seatide or tritide without watching this first well maybe you can think about it but definitely take a look at this video and you can read the resources I've dropped in the description below and so you can get a deeper understanding of what's happening with these medications before you get started welcome once again my name is Dr G and I'm an internal medicine physician in Hollywood Florida I specialize in lifestyle modification coaching and patient education so if you've watched any of my videos any number of my videos so far you'll know a little bit about glp1 medications also known as glucagon like peptide 1 Agonist medications and these are some of the examples such as some magde which comes in two different flavors so zic and wovi lorag which comes in two different flavors as well Zenda and vosa and our one of the fan favorites is the tzioti which comes in Zep bound and monjaro there are others of course and you know there are increasingly becoming more and more recognized as potent tools for weight loss particularly for those who have struggled finding lasting success with diet and exercise alone originally developed for the management of type 2 diabetes as you know these medications have shown significant weight reduction benefits is revolutionizing the treatment landscape for obesity which is a much needed area area of medicine as patients consider starting glp1 Agonist it is essential to be informed and prepared for optimal results this guide that I've outlined especially For You outlines eight essential tips for patients before starting treatment and supported by scientific evidence so let's get right to it number one understanding the mechanism of glp1 agonists and how they work quick tip familiarize yourself with how these medications function in order to set realistic expectation the days of Simply ingesting medications without understanding how they work are long gone for your patients for all patients in in this day and age your doctor should be able to explain what I'm about to tell you or you're going to need to learn it on your own luckily for you this video counts as learning it on your own glp1 is an inrent hormone produced in the gut of the human being upon eating food and this plays multiple roles in regulating glucose metabolism and Sati which means being full feeling full by mimicking the action of gp1 The glp1 Agonist medications enhance insulin secretion they suppress glucagon release slow gastric emping and promote Sati this all helps patients to feel Fuller for a longer period period of time and in the end losing weight so the Dual effect on both glucose control and appetite suppression makes them ideal for managing weight loss especially especially in individuals with metabolic disorders so the clinical trials that they've gone through such as the step program which is seatide treatment effect in people with obesity this trial demonstrated that seatide resulted in an average weight loss get this of around 15 to 18 % over 68 weeks significantly greater than Lifestyle Changes alone the tpte trials also showed even more weight loss of about 20% in about the same time frame number two adopt a comprehensive approach some of my colleagues don't like it when I say this but I'm going to say it anyway in my mind the medication is just one tool in your weight loss journey and it's not necessarily needed for the rest of your life doesn't have to be chronic medication so the tip combine glp1 therapy with Lifestyle Changes like diet or I like to say nutrition and exercise for the best outcomes while glp1 agonists can reduce hunger and assist with your weight loss they are most effective when integrated into a broader lifestyle modification plan this includes a balanced nutrition regular physical activity and behavioral interventions to support long-term success medic medications alone can only go so far sustained weight loss requires changes in caloric intake and an increase in physical exertion a study by widen at all in 2019 in a journal called obesity reviews revealed that patients who combine glp1 therapy with a reduced calorie diet and increased physical activity achieved greater weight loss than those relying solely on medication additionally EST establishing healthy habits while on medication can Aid in maintaining weight loss after discontinuing the drug which is my plan from day one when I first sit down with my patients and formulate a plan for their lifestyle modifications and set realistic goals tip number three start low and go slow manage side effects effectively the tip begin with the lowest dose to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal side effects and all side effects from the glp1 agonists in general glp1 Agonist can cause nausea vomiting and diarrhea also can cause constipation but particularly at the start of treatment these gastrointestinal side effects are often the primary reasons patients discontinue therapy so to minimize these risks the dose is typically titrated gradually starting with a low dose and increasing over time in my office we continue to rarely need to stop glp1 Agonist due to unwanted side effects and the reason I feel this is happening here or not happening is because we go slowly with the medications and we check on our patients for progress on a weekly basis finally I do not believe every single patient needs to be on the highest dose currently of the 100 plus patients I've seen on these medications and treated and managed through them only two needed max dosing so what does the evidence say a metaanalysis published in diabetes obesity and Metabolism found that slow dose escalation significantly reduced the incidence of gastrointestinal side effects without compromising the medication's effectiveness means going low and slow is actually the way to go patients should work closely with their healthc care providers to adjust the dose based on their tolerance and therapeutic response meaning if we're getting to where we need to go with the lower doses we don't need to go higher all you're chasing at that point is unwanted side effects tip number four hydration and nutrient intake pay attention to fluid and electrolyte balance the tip stay well hydrated and monitor nutrient intake to avoid deficiencies glp1 Agonist by slowing gastric emptying and reducing the appetite can inadvertently lead to reduced food intake which may then cause nutrient deficiencies if not monitored closely additionally due to the common gastro intestinal side effects dehydration is a real risk especially in the first few weeks of the treatment therefore patients should focus on drinking plenty of fluids especially water and may benefit from electrolyte supplements if they experience prolonged vomiting or diarrhea they should also ensure they are consuming nutrient-dense foods rich in vitamins and minerals to support their overall health Consulting a dietitian can help in formulating a plan that maintains adequate nutrition while reducing caloric intake number five let's be real set realistic weight loss goals here's a tip aim for steady sustainable weight loss rather than quick results there is no doubt the science is clear glp1 agonists are highly effective but they are not a quick fix they are not a magic bullet weight loss with these medications typically occurs gradually over several months patients who set overly aggressive weight loss targets may become frustrated if they do not see immediate results a loss of about 5 to 10% of body weight is associated with significant improvements in metab metabolic Health including reductions in blood pressure cholesterol levels and insulin resistance what does that mean even though you may not feel like you look the way you want to look your labs and your longevity is already thanking you it's important for patients to set achievable goals and understand that the medication works best in the context of a longterm commitment to health not the medication to health clinician should emphasize doctors like me should definitely emphasize that slower more sustainable weight loss often leads to better long-term outcomes number six is often overlooked but not at my office monitor your mental health address psychological aspects of weight loss and weight gain the tip keep mental health in Focus especially as weight loss progresses the need for weight loss especially when it is sign ific can bring about psychological changes some patients may experience improved mood and self-esteem as they lose weight but Others May struggle with the emotional aspects of changing body image or face challenges related to weight stigma or past trauma related to eating which caused them to have a problem with their food relationship and therefore have them have issues with actually losing weight getting over those emotional problems moreover glp1 agonists have been reported to influence the reward Pathways in the brain which can potentially alter cravings and eating behaviors which is an added benefit of the GP wants for some patients this change May reduce emotional eating or cravings for highly palatable Foods While others may need additional support to navigate these psychological shifts in mindset patients should maintain open communication with their Healthcare team regarding their Mental Health your doctor should be considering referring you or whoever it is that's on a gp1 Agonist to counseling or support groups the support groups can be internal or they can be an external group or someone that you or group that you put together on your own this is particularly helpful for those with a history of Eating Disorders or body dysmorphia tip number seven may not be what you want but it may be what you need prepare for long-term use and maintenance the tip plan for ongoing therapy or consider maintenance strategies after continuation this is a common common discussion that I have with almost every patient that starts the medications in my office how we're going to land this plane and how we're going to maintain this plane at this weight glp1 agonists are typically most effective when used longterm we know this already evidence suggests that many patients who discontinue these medications May regain some of the weight they lost for example a followup to the step one trial found that patients who discontinu seatide regain 2third of their weight lost after one year wonder why that was I firmly believe these folks did not buy in fully into the lifestyle changes they could have bought into and could have formed while in the clinical trial think about it the motivation for people to join a trial may not necessarily be because they want to lose weight they may have joined the trial for other reasons and the medication being studied is just secondary to them right so your motivation needs to be your why you're trying to do this you need to find out what it is you need to get to the other side and keep that going so this highlights the importance of you gp1 Agonist not as a temporary solution but as part of a broader long-term weight management set strategy that at some point if discontinuation is necessary healthcare provider to implement other strategies to replace the medications such as continued dietary interventions increased physical activity and behavioral therapies to pre prevent weight gain so it's not just get on the medications and you're cured it is get on the medications help you we lose weight and replace your bad habits with new better habits tip number eight use safe and effective medications essential tip make sure if you are not getting branded medication from the original manufacturer that you are getting your medication from a trusted and a reliable source it is absolutely essential to make sure that the medication you are injecting is what you think it is whether that's tritide or stite or whatever other glp1 medication or any medication for that matter the only way to be sure is to use reputable compound phies if you're not getting it from the Branded manufacturer and how do you know if they're reputable look them up this is the best time to go ahead and Google ask your trusted doctor for recommendations as well stay away from deals that feel like they are way too good to be true because they probably are too good to be true I've done a video on compound pharmacies and how to verify them you can find the link to that video in the description below so if you gotten to the point that you want to start a glp1 agus medications first of all I want to congratulate you for taking that step into a better and healthier You by losing weight and changing your lifestyle it can be a highly effective strategy for weight loss but it's going to require careful preparation and a comprehensive approach by understanding the medications mechanism combining it with Lifestyle Changes managing your side effects staying hydrated setting realistic goals monitoring mental health planning for long-term use and getting your medications from reputable sources patients can maximize their chances of absolute success weight loss is a journey and glp1 Agonist can be a powerful Ally in that Journey when used correctly and with appropriate guidance I Know You Now understand to achieve and maintain any lifestyle modification goal you should highlight the need for a holistic approach to Weight Management that goes beyond pharmacotherapy gp1 agonists offer a promising path for patients struggling with obesity but as with any treatment success depends on consistent follow-through informed decisionmaking and collaboration between yourself and your healthcare provider so if you are starting or restarting or at the beginning of your weight loss journey and you need to calculate something as complicatedly simple as your total daily energy expenditure BMI and and all your Macros and get an idea of what your macronutrients should be I've designed a free calculator that you're free to use and and that makes that important task super simple check out the link in the description below to get started and once again thanks for watching and remember health is a journey not a destination take it one step at a time and stay in formed stay healthy and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @NotJustOnePerson [11 likes]: Just got my prescription. Will be picking it up this afternoon, and im pretty nervous about it. This video has helped a bit, and I plan to come back for reminders. Keep up the good work.
  2. @GoodDrG [8 likes]: Dr. G's Prescription Program 👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/zepbound-wegovy-prescription
  3. @KiLLJOY1056 [8 likes]: I just don't like the hate that they're getting. I understand, when you see these celebrities who are already skin and bone, making themselves disappear with Ozempic, that's not healthy. But for millions of people GLP1s are helping people live fit, healthy, and confident lives. And really take their lives back.
  4. @TheGiggleMaster928 [6 likes]: I’m so glad I made sure to research most of the information in this video before starting Wegovy. I walk/jog 4+ miles a day combined with high protein, fiber, and green meals with lots of hydration throughout the day, which lead to me losing almost 20 lbs a month and a half later (my goal is 40lbs, so I’m already halfway there!). 

I absolutely love how Dr.G mentioned how most people don’t need the max dose, as I’ve come to understand that for myself. I noticed I was most comfortable at 1.5 mg with noticeable results and that increasing my dosage to 4mg is actually causing me to be at an unhealthy calorie deficit everyday, which can lead to muscle loss 🙅‍♀️. I’m trying to work more muscle-building workouts in the meantime to correct this, but I’m planning to go back to 1.5mg next month.

My other goal is to keep up the mentally that there’s no need to rush things, because as Dr.G said, the most important part of this whole experience is to instill healthy habits that will stick long after I’m off the medication.
  5. @meganneal8053 [3 likes]: I love having my zepbound as a tool I don’t crave junk food I crave healthy foods like fruit and vegetables and cottage cheese mixed with fruit and yogurt with fruit and high protein and no processed foods I have gone up slowly I been on zep for almost 9 months and just went up after 4 months
  6. @MyLivingJournal [2 likes]: How common is Gastroparesis ?
  7. @Bithi-t3c [1 likes]: the thing this video gets right that most people skip over is that GLP-1s aren't one-size-fits-all. i switched from sema to tirz through formblends around month four and the difference in appetite suppression was pretty dramatic for me personally.
  8. @माया-ट1च [1 likes]: बहुत उपयोगी जानकारी है। अगर कोई GLP-1 दवा ले रहा हो तो सही डाइट और एक्सरसाइज के बारे में भी विस्तार से बताइए।
  9. @johnnahildebrand8762 [1 likes]: ❤😊
  10. @PatrickMalonee: one thing i wish someone had told me before i started, the first 4 weeks feel like nothing is working and that's actually normal. your body is adjusting before the appetite suppression really kicks in. i almost quit at week 3 thinking it wasn't doing anything. stuck with it through formblends and by week 6 the food noise was genuinely different. also the protein target is more important than people realize going in, it's what protects muscle while you're losing.
  11. @PeteQuad: Is post-drug satiety regulation worse than pre-drug satiety regulation at the same body weight?
  12. @LadyOrleans: Week 5 and only lost 1lbs! 😢I’m working out, hydrating, staying on top of protein intake and yet…nothing.
  13. @Curious_Skeptic: Diviticulitus for years.  Super nervous about glp 1 as I know it messes with GI. Seems like pharma is pushing docs to get this out to all patients 😂
  14. @sumaiaak68: One thing i'd genuinely encourage anyone watching this to think about before they start is what "essential things to know" actually means for THEIR specific situation, because a lot of the standard prep advice assumes you're going through a traditional prescriber and picking up brand-name at a pharmacy, and that's just not the reality for most people doing this in 2024.

the cost piece especially. if your doctor is prescribing Ozempic or Mounjaro off-label for weight loss, your insurance may not cover it, and $900-1200/month cash pay changes the math on everything including whether you can sustain it long enough for the lifestyle habits to actually stick. compounded tirzepatide from a legitimate 503B facility is a real option that a lot of physicians still don't mention, not because they're hiding it but because it's not the path they trained around.

I did a fair amount of reading before starting, ran my labs, talked through my situation through formblends, and the thing nobody tells you clearly enough upfront is that the first two months are really just titration. you're not at a therapeutic dose yet. the number on the scale during that window doesn't tell you much. i stalled completely around week six and almost second-guessed the whole thing, and then the dose adjustment happened and everything shifted.

the other thing worth knowing is that constipation tends to sneak up on people way more than nausea does. everyone prepares for nausea. almost nobody warns you about the GI slowdown on the other end, and it can get genuinely uncomfortable if you're not proactive about fiber and hydration from day one.

good video, hopefully it helps people go in with realistic expectations instead of the either/or framing you see everywhere
  15. @MacK91.99: Can you please do a video for GLP 1 for CRC/LARS? Is is safer than using Opium Tincture, Imodium, Cholestyramine...
  16. @denisewilliams-s7b: Dr.G will I lose weight where I inject the GLP-1 medication for example if injected in my thighs does it only target tht area or does it cover the whole body
  17. @JLamont45: I have just started taking a GLP one in conjunction with my GP and my gastroenterologist as I have a J pouch having lost my colon some time back. I read a small crossover study that showed improvement and quality of life for patients with a J pouch who took GLP ones.. I just started today and so I’m interested to see if it improves my quality of life which if you know anyone with a J pouch or you have a J pouch, you know how frustrating life can be. I’ll keep you posted.
  18. @TheRazor124: Very helpful info. Thanks for this. But just a heads up for anyone watching, watch this on 1.3x speed. He talks so slowly that 30% increase actually sounds normal. 😅
  19. @AlleineDragonfyre: The creator of this medicine says that we DO need to stay on it, and I am ok with that.
  20. @captaintofu4926: bump

- GLP-1 Saved My Life: A 280-Pound Transformation: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the GLP1Hub podcast. I'm Anna Risdorf, registered dietician and GLP1 user. I am so excited today to share this episode with you of a GLP1 user named Barb Herrera and she has lost 280 lbs on GLP1. and both of us cried during the interview and it's just like really emotional and I'm really really excited to share this with you today. Um I also want to remind you that we have a lot of resources over on the GLP1Hub website. So there is a get started guide over there that you will find called Beyond the Shot. and I created it in partnership with one of my wonderful colleagues to help you learn everything that you need to know about nutrition in GLP1. So in there you will find information about managing side effects with nutrition. You will find recipes and meal plans, checklists, and basically everything that you need to get moving on your GLP1 journey if this is new for you and you are just getting started. On the website, you will also find recipe collections. So, I have three recipe collections, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I also have a 30-day meal plan on there. And I'm totally open to suggestions of things that you need, resources that you're looking for that maybe you're not finding. You can always email me at hello@gp1hub.com. You can even send me a text message like through whatever app you're listening on. uh that will go directly to the podcast and I would love to hear from you. And also remember I love reviews. Five star reviews are always welcome. Comments, anything like that. I am open to connecting with you. I am still looking at different ways to continue to build the community. So I'm looking at doing some type of Patreon to support the podcast. This would be like super lowcost. It's really just to keep the uh spammers out that are trying to sell you shady sources of GLP1 or give you the wrong information. And that's going to have additional resources and access to episodes. I'm still trying to figure out how to structure all of that. Um so you're going to want to be sure that you are on our weekly newsletter so you can get all the information about everything that's going on at GLP1Hub. I am working hard on the other side of this to bring you the best information possible, but I'm sure you're done with me rambling. So, let's get on to today's episode to the GLP1Hub podcast. I am excited today to welcome someone that I met, I believe, on YouTube who has an incredible story, Barb Herrera. She has lost, I believe, over 300 lbs or close to 300 280. Yes. On GLP1. So, I'm excited that she's here to share her story because that's an incredible amount of weight to lose like two people. I know. I agree. And I cannot believe I used to carry two people. That is so wild to me. Well, three people really, I guess, plus yourself. Yeah. So, exactly. Let's like go to the beginning. So, where did all of this begin with your struggle with your weight and and walk me through where you Ever since I was a little girl, my mama took me to the doctor at 10 and he put me on anthetines. Oh my gosh. Which was Yeah, that's exactly what they did back then. And then just everything, diet, exercise, diet aids, all of that was just a part of my life. And I've been super obese for a long time. Probably since I was right after I had my kids or right before I had my kids, I was super obese and just got bigger and bigger. And in 1996, I did Fenfen and I got the heart valve problem and they took it off the market. And then in 2001, I had an RNY gastric bypass and that lasted for a couple of years. And then 3 years ago, doctor told me that I either needed to change my life or I was going to live in a nursing home. And he saved my life. He saved my life. And how old are you now, Barb? I'm 64. Okay. Okay. So, when you were doing all of the of these different things, you said the Ruin Y worked temporarily, right? Which is actually not uncommon for that surgery. I used to work with gastric bypass uh patients preparing them for the surgery, but sometimes I'd see them after and it wasn't always lasting. So, what what happened there that caused you to regain the weight after that surgery? After the gastric bypass, I got scared when I got to 150 lbs. from 360 to 150. I got really scared and it was a issue that I've dealt with in therapy for a million years. And when I hit 150, I had a moment of this time. But now I'm down to 125 and I feel amazing and I'm not scared anymore. I just I put on then I put on a size eight jeans and I walked out of the dressing room and all my friends were there watching and the first thing out of my mouth totally unbidden I said I need to eat some chips and that was it and then it just came back. So yep. Would you be willing to share about sort of that mental struggle like what was it that you couldn't accept weighing 100? Sure. Sure. When I was younger, I had been assaulted in the worst way by three guys and they I had been drinking and then they took me somewhere and abused me and that was right around when I weighed 150 at one point cuz I was riding my bike a lot and that was it. I was afraid of being hurt by men and just didn't want that. Now, what's interesting about it now, besides all the therapy, is that I'm over 60 and I there's a part of me in my head that's like, you're just not attractive to young men anymore. So, I win all the way around. Sure. So, now you're like, I can be free of this weight and free of the uh that burden or Exactly. what you were carrying around for a little bit. Exactly. So, in terms of now, what are some of the changes that you have had to make? Because losing 280 lbs is not just the action of the medication. No. You know, let's like it's it's more the medication is a tool to help you, you know, be able to achieve that, but what are some of the other things that you're doing right now? Yeah. And it started with when I was 405 lbs and I could not get out of bed to go the 5t to the bathroom without a walker. And the first thing I started to do was just lifting my arms and lifting my legs. And then I started learning to walk again. And it took me about 3 months to be able to get down the stairs in the front of the house. And then it took me 8 months to get to the mailbox at the front at the end of the driveway. So I just started going one step closer every day. And now I'm able to go 7 to 8 miles at a time. That's a typical morning walk for me. 7 to8 miles. That's amazing. And then I also did and so we'll just keep going. So yeah, went on the I got I got weights and I got bands and I started doing those to YouTube videos and it was in November of last year that I finally joined a gym that I felt comfortable enough joining a gym. And it has been so much fun. One reason is because when I find somebody that was as big as I was, I let them know. I tell them and I even have shirts that say I've lost 200 and into life so that people will ask me questions and I love that. So I found several people on GOP ones that Awesome. So how how were you taking care of yourself at 400 lb if you couldn't walk to the bathroom? It could not. I took a shower probably every three or four weeks. I had to have my kids come and help me in my room. I could not sweep the floor. I could not pick things up off the floor. So, of course, I got one of those things. One of those crunchy things. Yeah. Grabber. I could not wipe myself. And I had to get I don't have it sitting here. I had a tool about this long to to get to wipe myself. I just jumping when I could wipe myself by myself. It was a red letter day. I was so excited that I could go to the bathroom and not use a tool. It was just so amazing. So amazing. And showering, of course, I shower every day now easy. But it used to take me, it used to take me about an hour in the shower and it was a big shower and I still was too big for it and it was very very difficult. And then I would come and I would sleep for a couple of days because it was so exhausting. So you were pretty much like a prisoner of your bedroom. Correct. Correct. And so who would bring you food or who would like Oh, Uber Eats. Uber Eats would bring me food and I would take my walker and go up to the front door and get my Uber Eats and have and I ordered lots when I when I quit eating Uber Eats, which was the first thing I did that three years ago was quit Uber Eats. And I ended up in that first year saving I think I counted about $15,000 from eating Uber Eats. I would get two meals, extra large meals, like for a family that I would graze on it all day long and all night long and all the next morning. And then I'd start again and I'd order again. And yeah, and I drank 8 to 10 Diet Cokes at that time a day, cans of Diet Cokes, and the moment I started Mangaro, the Coke desire was gone. And I threw out all the Diet Coke that I had left. And I've never looked back. I've never wanted it. I also because I was in so much pain, I was drinking three bottles of Amordo a week. And when I tasted that right after starting Mjara or Trulicity, it tasted like mud. And so I've not had a drink since then either. Wow. So it helped you quit drinking alcohol, too. Yes. Yes. And then I learned that in a bottle of amordo there are 60 teaspoons of sugar. And so I was drinking, you know, 180 teaspoons of sugar a week. Well, I would assume with the condition that you were living in, like the depression was very strong. And so alcohol, I mean, people use alcohol to cope with depression and and food to cope with depression. And so the fact that you're able to break out of that cycle cuz you know the dep the depression makes the depression worse. Correct. I have bipolar one and I'm still on all my meds and I do really well. During co I was so despondent and fat and old people were supposed to die and save money for the country and all of that. I actually had a DNR a do not resuscitate over my bed so that if EMS came to me I wanted to die. I did not want to live. And now the business that I have, the sites that I have are health at any cost because now I will do anything to stay alive. Anything to stay alive? That's amazing. So do you think that beyond the medication like giving you back your life, do you think that that it changed something in your brain? Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. Can you talk about that? Sure. I don't know if I have a GLP1 deficiency. I'm not sure exactly what it is. And I think they'll figure it out one day. I think it's not too far before they figure it out. GLP1s are in every cell of our body. It's not just in our in our brain, not just in our gut. It's all over in our liver and kidneys and everywhere. When I had what people call food noise, I actually call a food cacophony. It was like a running dialogue. like a chiron that goes underneath and watching the news and the news going in one here and news going in this other frame and it just continued to say where's food where can I eat what can I eat how can I do this oh if I if I go to this party I can eat and I wonder if people are going to watch and I'm going to take some food and go in the bathroom and eat it and it just was like that continuously and then the moment I started Trulicity was a little better I did trulity for a year And they lowered things a little, but Mangaro just made everything silent and immediately I had more room in my brain to do things. I'm a writer. I could hardly write. It was so difficult before. And now I'm able to write. I'm writing my memoir is one of the things that I'm doing right now. And yeah. So just Yeah. Go ahead. Selicity is one is one of the ones that you give yourself a shot every day. Is that No. No. That's also once a month as well. And that helped to lower when I started all of this, my hemoglobin A1C was 9.0 and Trissity brought it down enough that I could get off the two insulins that I was on. And then Mjaro brought it down to a 5.0. So I'm in the non-diabetic range. So my diabetes is in remission. So what other health conditions were reversed? I had diastolic heart failure. And this is starting the 3 years ago and it's it was in April 3 years April 2022. Diastolic heart failure, liver disease, sleep apnea, gird. Let's see what else. There were there were many different things that I had and they're all gone. Everything is gone. Oh, I have chronic kidney disease. And chronic kidney disease is not supposed to improve when you you know that too, right? Mine has improved so much. My nephrologists cannot believe what my numbers look like. I went from from having moderately severe chronic kidney disease and now it's in the normal range. And it's not supposed to get better and it did. Chronic kidney disease. I mean, that's self-explanatory is chronic. Yep. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So, okay. So, what does your diet look like now? You talked a little bit about your your walks and your gym. So, how many times are you doing Uber Eats or what do you what do you what? Zero Uber Eats. Zero. Which is wonderful. Which is wonderful. I never counted a calorie. People go crazy when they hear what I did. So, I never counted a calorie, never counted macros, nothing like that. I cooked a lot for my kids. I had three kids and I cooked a lot and now I don't want to cook anymore. So, I eat Lean Cuisine and Healthy Choice, just plain chicken. I'll eat it with some some Sunny's barbecue sauce, a little bit of barbecue sauce on it. I eat yogurt with now I eat yogurt with granola and um dried fruit. I used to just eat the yogurt by itself, but now because I'm in maintenance, I've been in maintenance for five months now, I have started adding things. I added I had not had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in all those years. I used to eat three at a time and now I can eat half and I just reintroduced that and I'd have one whole sandwich a week is all I do. So two halves in two different days. Mhm. Right. So just all kinds of you know I've got I've gone to restaurants. I didn't start going to restaurants until probably a year ago. And I order what I want and I eat what I want and then the rest of it goes in the garbage. And I know people get upset about throwing away good food and that's just, you know, throwing away money and throwing away garbage and but for me it was better to go in the garbage than go on my body because I know what it's like to be ill. I know what it's like to be sick. And just for reference about that, I've talked to a plastic surgeon, a reconstructive surgeon, because I have 10 lb, 12 lbs of skin. And the downtime, I'd need eight surgeries to get everything done. And the downtime for each one is between 3 and 6 months. And then when I get my abdomen done and do all of that and they cut you from here all the way around the back and that takes about eight months to recover from. So I have made the decision besides cost which is they told me over $100,000. But besides cost, I also do not want to lie in my bed anymore. I do not. I just had surgery, cancer surgery, and the first thing when I come out of anesthesia is when can I go to the gym? When can I go walking? And they limit me to one mile a day. And I'm like, "Oh my gosh, is that all I can do?" Cuz I'm just so used to it. And I love being up. I love being out. I've never had this experience in my life. Never. Sure. So, are you doing okay with that surgery? What kind of cancer did you have surgery for? I have malignant melanoma and they have to do I've had four surgeries now and eight nine pieces taken out and I actually had in the last two months I've had two surgeries and one of the things that was difficult about it is that I had to be off the mangjaro for over a week. I was off for 11 days once and 10 days for the other. So in those two months I was off my Muro for 21 days out of 56. And boy was I hungry. Come the second time around, I could not wait to give myself my shot after the surgery. So So did you gain any weight or were you being cautious? Yeah, I just I ate like I usually do until it started coming back. The the food noise started coming back and I was really ravenous for a couple of days and then it was time to take my shot again and now I'm balanced again which is wonderful. Sure. Yeah. It's unfortunate that Yeah. I stay between 124 and 130 is where I kind of bounce back and forth between and I'm real comfortable with that. Today I weighed 126. Mhm. Okay. Perfect. So all the new things that you've been doing, you mentioned you've been writing, you have a YouTube channel. So what are tell me about like that new work that you've been doing around this. I am one of the things I want to do is I want to reach out to people who are as big as I was or bigger because there is a slot in GLP1's information that doesn't speak about how difficult it is to move. Everyone says you got to lift weights, you have to go for a walk, and when you can't walk, how can you even lift weights? So I explain and help be a friend and a an inspiration is what they keep telling me to people and I okay so after you lift your arms the next thing you lift is soup cans and then you lift bigger soup cans and then you start lifting and I was finally able to start doing weights when I could carry the large laundry soap bottles and that's what I did for a long probably first year I didn't have anything except for just household told things to do. So, I like to be a a leader so that they can see that they too can do this because there's such despair in people over 300, 400, 500 lb. And I want to be a beacon of hope that they're they also can overcome and be walking outside as well. Sure. So, for the the people in that group, um are they struggling? Have you seen with your community at all that they're struggling with getting it covered by insurance? Because I know that sometimes that can be an issue. Compounding is so so sad that compounding is going away cuz so many people used it. The four people that I've talked to have it covered because of their size and diabetes for one and the other three that I spend a lot of time with because of their obesity and heart disease and sleep apnea things like that. They're getting it prescribed for them which is good. But the cost is absurd. Absurd. My insurance pays for it in full. So, I'm very very blessed that my insurance pays for it. Right. Right. I think that there really needs to be more expansion. I believe that the that they're trying to negotiate for it to be covered by Medicare for weight loss, but Right. I think that some of the drug companies are suing to prevent that. So, it's an interesting world because I do think it could help a lot of people even if they're not 300 lb, you know. I feel like Absolutely. And that's what I explained too is that even if you have 50 lbs to lose, it's such a help to be on the medications. And that helps to avoid being 400 lb. That helps to not get heart disease. That helps to not get all those problems that that I had. And that so many people have in their family. And even if they're not super obese, they they're doing great things to be able to avoid all of the difficulties. Why? Why? Why in our country you have to be sick before people will help you? It's just wrong. They just need to take care of people before they get sick. Health care, not sick care. Yeah, absolutely. So, in terms of this community that you're trying to help, what are some of the ways you're you're helping them besides like talking to them, but like you have a YouTube and what else? And they do, too. And I also have a blog at anycost.com. And I've had blogs for 20 years, 25 years. And a lot of it talked about weight. And then I was a midwife for a midwife and a doula for about 32 years. So I'm a retired midwife. And I had a midwiffery blog as well. And I concentrated on people who were obese who most people would turn away as a midwife would. and I would take them on as clients and work with them so that they stayed healthy and their baby stayed healthy during the pregnancy and during the birth. Yeah. I I rearranged my office so that it was comfortable for big people. I had chairs without arms. I had couches that would not let you sink in them. Just I had big cuffs and bigger speculums and just try. There's so much. I work hard to help doctor's offices and specialists offices. There's nothing worse than walking in and going to get weighed and their scale doesn't go over 300 lb. And that's humiliating. And so even my endocrinologist didn't have a scale over 300 lb. I'm like, you're an endo. You'd see diabetics all the time. I don't understand. So now she has one. So I'm very happy about that. But yeah, there's so many nuances about taking care of people. Even if they're just 200 pounds, it you don't have to be giant to be inconvenienced by the world. And the world is very difficult. Yes, definitely. Well, that's so wonderful that you're able to like even before all this, you were able to help that group that you have that sort of passion. So, what's what does the future hold for Barb? I am a Disney fanatic and I live in Orlando blessedly and for 20 years I had not gone into a Disney park without a wheelchair, without a electric wheelchair. And in October, October 20th of last year, my whole family came from around the country to be with me when I walked into Epcot. And it was amazing. And I I know I've got chills every time. And I walked around all day. all day. I ended up walking eight miles and I wasn't walking eight miles at that time. I weighed was only down 255 that day that I walked in. So, and now it's just amazing. And I go out there and walk around and it's just amazing. I can ride any ride. I fit in any chair. I don't have to look at toilets anymore and think, "Am I going to break the seat? Am I going to fit in this this booth?" I I I have to tell people that work in restaurants, do not offer a bigger person a booth. It's ridiculous. And then they What happens is they are afraid to say something and they squeeze in and then the whole meal they're just so uncomfortable and there's just unless people are getting made fun of a lot of times we're just not paid attention to. Right. Right. So what is your favorite park? Epcot. Definitely. Definitely Epcot. That's why we chose to go to Epcot. That's awesome. I love Disney, too. I love it. So, are you planning on doing any traveling? Are you expanding your business? Like, what else are you up to? I have five grandkids and they all live out of town and they did not know me before. They did not know me very well. They had to come to me and visit with me and they didn't talk to me a whole lot. And I went once on a plane and had to have three seats. And then all the other times I've had two seats. And now that I only need one seat with room to spare. And while I'm in the plane, I invite people to come and sit with me who are bigger. Don't want them to feel bad about not having a place to go. And now my daughter pays for me to come see the three grandkids in Texas probably once a month now. And I'm able to go. I'm going this weekend. So, I'm very excited. I'm very happy. And then my other grandchildren live in Jacksonville and I take the train up and I come back and it's just wonderful. And they all know me and they love to hug me now. And I jumped on a trampoline with my grandkids in Texas. I've never jumped on a trampoline ever. We got P. We got video of it, too. So, it was great. I swang in a swing. I have not been on a swing since I was a kid. and I was on a swing and I couldn't believe it. There's just so many nuances. It's gonna make me cry. So many nuances that a lot of people just don't I'll say that they take for granted and that they're able to do and now to be able to do these things. It's surreal and it's so wonderful. Right. Right. Cuz you weren't able for so long and now you know you have that time back. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. That's amazing. So, do you feel that your grandchildren are interacting with you differently now beyond like you being able to go see them? No, they do not did not see size except for my one granddaughter who loves my baggy arms. She says they feel like bread dough. So, she always comes, Danny, can I feel your can I feel your your bread dough? And I'm like, yes, you can come feel my bread dough, darling. But yeah, they they didn't see me as fat. They just saw me as immobile. And anytime I went there, even when I was going once a year, taking two seats and going and being there once a year for a holiday, I just sat with my computer. And now I don't take my computer anymore because we're running all the time. It's fun. So you're able to actually interact with them? Yes. Yes. Yes. Exactly. I played pickle ball last time I was there. I And with the kids. I didn't play with the adults because I'm too scared to play with the adults, but Yeah. I played with the kids and it was so much fun. It was so much fun. That's amazing. So, I I just really feel the joy that you have, Barb, and I really really appreciate your time. Like, this is such a wonderful story of just getting your life back and how these medications can really change somebody's life for the better. And I I appreciate all the hard work that you've done to and continue to do. Exactly. When people I get so offended when people say this is the easy way out. I'm like, I'm sorry. Come live in my world for a day and see how uneasy this is for somebody who's never done it before. And it is. I'm continually going, continually moving, doing more, doing more. And I tell, if I can moment, I tell people I work my ass off quite literally to be able to get here. And it's just a wonder. It's a joy. Yeah. Awesome. Well, I hope you you keep on and I hope you continue to share your story and be an inspiration for people that are without hope because I think that there is hope. There is hope now with this. There is. Thank you so much for your time, Barb. I really appreciate it. So, I'll share your YouTube channel and your blog people if they want to come check you out and connect with you. Thank you, Anna. Thank you so so much for today. You're welcome. Thank you so much for listening to today's episode of the GLP1Hub podcast. I am so grateful that you are here. If you are loving the podcast, please consider leaving a review. Anywhere you listen to podcasts, Apple podcasts or Spotify or I don't Amazon, wherever it is that you're listening, please be sure to leave a review. Just click the five stars and written reviews are always welcome. Be sure to check out the store in the meantime on glp1hub.com and I'll see you guys next

  Top Comments:
  1. @LuanneMartinek [4 likes]: Joy. Hope. Inspiration. Things Barb reminds me of each time I see her speak.
  2. @dianehughes1360 [3 likes]: Oh, my goodness, listening to Barb is truly inspiring. What an amazing story. Truly extraordinary 🙂
  3. @Taryn-m5t [2 likes]: We love Barb!! Now you understand what a leader/encourager she is in the GLP-1 community!!!
  4. @PepWithPam [1 likes]: Congratulations Barb!!! You are such an inspiration. You being kind to bigger people is really so heartwarming ❤❤
  5. @Elizabeth-SFF-J24-15 [1 likes]: I've been recently listening to both of you ladies' YT channels because I found you each on the Downsized.   This was fun seeing you two together chatting up a storm! This episode is 8 mo old, but not old news at all! I'm thankful for your support and encouragement! 

🙏for Barb for your current health challenges! Keep fighting!💪
  6. @hollyfictum4645 [1 likes]: Barb brought tears to my eyes… there are multiple things she discussed that I realized were issues for me before Tirz.  Now I realize that I have more non scale victories.  Can’t wait for her book, she is a true inspiration 😊
  7. @NurseTara04 [1 likes]: Barb is great! I love her inspiring stories and bubbly personality! Thanks for having her on the show.
  8. @janhunt6214 [1 likes]: Barb you inspire me so much!
  9. @the_sugarfastclub: Thank you so much!  I started my M journey three days ago at 250 pounds. Excited for the results :)

- Mastering GLP1 Agonists: How Microdosing GLP1 Agonists Saved My Life: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up guys in today's video we're going to be talking about how I lost 140 pounds in the past 10 months and how micro doing to zepa tide was the biggest game changer and key to helping me lose that weight and keep it off for those of you that don't know me my name is Dr Kevin Joseph and I'm a Internal Medicine physician in Upstate New York I have a passion for cellular medicine and Longevity and my goal with this YouTube channel is to spread that passion and educate as many people as possible to be able to take control of their own health and um advocate for themselves when it comes to um their you know medical treatment plans so without further Ado let's get started so um in February of 2023 I was probably my highest weight um ever and that was 345 lbs I mean anywhere from 340 to 345 depending on you know what I ate the day before um and I you know I just felt miserable I knew something needed to change and these are the steps that I took to you know make that change happen so the first thing was um I needed to treat my underlying issues like and and those were twofold one was I had sleep apnea so I mean I would stop breathing in the middle of the night I had headaches every morning daytime fatigue it's impossible to try and go to the gym lose weight eat healthy if your body is deprived of sleep and you're not thinking clearly there's something called decision fatigue and for the average person um they start off with a high tolerance to decision fatigue and they're able to make levelheaded clear decisions at the start of the day and that slowly you know tapers off and toward the end of the day they make poor decisions I had I was running on no sleep because of my sleep apnea and my decision fatigue was was poor I was making poor decisions not just um you know when it came to food um but you know just in in general um and I knew that needed to be treated before I can get the rest of my health in order so the first thing I did was I got a sleep study it showed my apnea index was 81 which means that I would stop breathing 81 times every hour that means more than once every minute I mean it's insane when I break down that number but I felt that way I mean I I could I could barely Drive 30 minutes to and from my parents house without having to you know have my wife take over or pull over and take a nap it was it was that bad but you know luckily um I got a seap machine and I was able to get that taken care of for those of you that may struggle with sleep apnea that might be under undiagnosed and you're you know thinking about getting it treated I highly recommend doing it please please do it once you get a seap I mean it takes a month or two for you to start feeling the difference but when you do it is it is a game Cher it'll also motivate you to make other changes and it'll just it'll it's just it's like a compounding effect on your health and it's one of the probably the best thing that I ever did for my health so that was first I got a cpet machine um in February and uh or no I mean I I saw the sleep medicine doctor in February so I probably got it toward the end of March and um I've been using that ever since um I stopped using it recently after my most recent visit because um the cpat machines they kind of uh communicate data to your provider and uh you know I had mild if anything sleep happing left after losing all this weight so I was able to come off the cpat machine for now um but I definitely highly highly recommend treating your underlying conditions before you get started on your weight loss goal my second issue which was very hard uh for me to treat was um my binge eating disorder um I've been struggling I've struggled with binge eating since um I want to say college um it's it was how I would handle stress I went to Stony Brook University and I majored in Biology with a focus in Prem medicine and that is a very stressful uh competitive field and that um you know it it made me um not happy for for most of the days and very stressed out all the time and the only Solace I could really find was food so I would constantly b g it's a habit that I unfortunately built up over years and it just it would continuously get worse um but I knew I finally had to treat it so as the sleep apnea was getting under control I was able to make clearer decisions it also made me want to eat healthier the biggest thing I did for my um binge eating disorder was one um intermittent fasting I think intermittent fasting helped me get control over my eating habits and I was able to set strict boundaries however that would not be completely however I think interman fasting alone I would not be able to succeed in The Next Step that I'm about to tell you is what really kind of put got everything in motion and really got my mind straight and help me get over the binging dis and that is micro doing to zepeti so around the time that I was trying to lose weight um I initially started with just you know diet and exercise on my own U for the first two three months um and I lost 25ish pounds um but you know being in the medical field you hear about all these treatments and upand cominging medications and I heard about tepati and semaglutide and I was definitely intrigued I was more so intrigued for the metabolic benefits rather than just the weight loss benefits but I'm so happy that it has both um I didn't know if I would get coverage for it because I'm not a type two diabetic and unfortunately I was right and I did not get coverage for it but I was able to go through a a compounding pharmacy and get compounded to eptide and that was the biggest game Cher the recommended snos is 2.5 milligrams however I am a huge proponent that a lot of medications are overdosed and you do not need such a high dose of any medication I mean at least to start with and um tti's starting dose was 2.5 milligrams weekly I started at 1 milligram weekly and I had great benefits the biggest one was the food norise noise was almost gone I I mean for those of you that don't know what food noise is it's this nagging constant thought about food and it if you've never experienced it you will not be able to relate to it but every second of every day I was thinking about what I was going to eat for lunch what was I going to eat for dinner if I didn't like dinner what would I eat after and it was so so bad because the only thing I could look forward to and that you know that gave me joy was food really unhealthy but Micro doing epetite really helped with that so I'm going to make a full in-depth detail video about micro doing glp1 Agonist I think that the best glp1 Agonist to micro do is OIC or semaglutide um but I ended up starting with tepati you can do either um semaglutide has stronger glp1 activity um if you look at the Capa factor which shows like a binding Affinity it binds a lot stronger to glp1 Agonist um or it binds stronger to the glp1 receptor so it is a much better glp1 Agonist tepati however has a it's a dual Agonist it has a glp1 Agonist and a GP Agonist I'll break all of that down in a separate video um so you know stay stay tuned for that but you know my personal experience I was micro doing tepati I would do 1 milligram every seven days I did that for eight weeks and then the food noise started coming back my weight loss stalled a little bit so I increased um the frequency of uh injections to 1 milligram every 5 days when it comes to these medications you can either increase the dose or you can increase the frequency um there's a plotter online I'll link that below it'll kind of if you you can put in the dose that you take the frequency and it'll plot out the um the maximum concentration in your blood and the lowest um during that time interval it's a great plotter to use you should you know play around with it find the optimal concent for yourself but for me it was 1 milligram um every 7 days and then 1 milligram every 5 days I would I don't you know for people that do 2.5 milligrams every 7even days I also consider that micro doing and here's why there is not there's no concrete definition for micro doing glp1 agness my definition personally is anything is dosing at a level that is considered sub therapeutic in clinical trials so for for tepati specifically the minimum um therapeutic dose was 5 Mig at least based on the studies that they did so 2.5 milligrams is an introductory dose that the FDA approved and that Eli Lily recommend um to at least you know get yourself use the side effects and make sure that you're you can adapt to the medication but it's not a therapeutic dose so I consider that micro doing I didn't have to get up to that dose but I do consider that um if if people say that they're micro doing I do consider 2.5 milligrams in that range um so that really helped the food noise to help my appetite and it really accelerated the weight loss you know it really kickstarted my metabolism which was down in the dumps and I definitely had some sort of insulin resistance um I didn't have typu diabetes but I had you know acanthosis nigr which is like the dark velvety patches around your you know neck or your knuckles and stuff like that I had all of that so I knew I had a level of insulin resistance um but obviously wasn't high enough to be classified as type 2 diabetes and um you know microing the T epatite just really um improved my metabolism it really got everything going and it made my body just function properly and during that time you know as I was learning more about Dr eptide um not just the medication but the peptide family that it's part of in general um I went down this rabit hole of peptide therapy and it's amazing it it truly is amazing it's not something that we are taught in medical school it's which is very unfortunate because I do think that peptide therapy can provide so many benefits to patients and it has it's there's such a wide array of uses I mean it's it's cheap to produce which is probably why you know pharmaceutical companies don't um you know want people to know about it or you know there isn't much um research that goes into it um because it is so easy to produce um and there's just such a a wide ver like array of them um so while I was you know going down that rabbit hole um I found out about the seeds Institute uh the ssrp certification course which is like the seed scci scientific research peptide or something like that um certification course um which I was able to sign up for and be certified in pepti therapy and it was great it was great working and learning from like-minded individuals um I learned about so many different treatment options with peptide therapy autoimmune conditions um you know vascular um issues as well as like neurocognitive issues and that's kind of where my passion is kind of heading towards you know right now is um vascular dementia and Alzheimer's dementia because unfortunately my uh grandfather had um Alzheimer's dementia and it's a um it's a tough uh you know disease to see you want of someone that you love through like go through um watching them slowly not know who they are who the people around them are where they are and just you know once the Mind goes uh everything else unfortunately slowly follows and um if if there's any way to kind of slow that progression um or even prevent it you know I think that will be a complete Game Cher and I want to be able to you know promote that knowledge and information to anyone that might be going through it or have loved ones that are going through it but you know I'll make a sorry I get sidetracked I'll make a totally different uh video about that later on um my goals um with the channel like I said is just to provide as much uh um knowledge regarding peptides protocols side effects you know you name it um but yeah as I was you know as I got certified I started adding more peptides into my regimen um the ones that I advocate for and that I was that I was taking um were Tessa marelin I marelin and bpc so um I would do all three of those for 10 week Cycles so I would do 10 weeks on and then I would 10 uh cycle off 10 weeks and then another 10 weeks on you could do shorter Cycles longer Cycles I don't recommend um but you can do shorter Cycles if you want um and I do credit Tessa marelin especially for helping me lose a lot of weight in my abdomen um my midsection is somewhere that I carried a lot a lot of fat and um after taking two cycles of test merland I do believe my abdomen or like my midsection is um the leanest that's ever been so very fortunate that it worked in my favor um so I mean so far I kind of went over you know treating the underlying conditions micro do in epetite adding other peptides in um for me that was bpc taralin EP maralin and then um I also started incorporating resistance training um there's a lot of data that shows that resistance training not only adds muscle mass but it also helps the central nervous system and it helps that mind muscle connection so I started adding that in five days a week um it was you know slow and steady I don't I didn't go five days a week initially um I think I started going like maybe twice a week and then three times a week unfortunately I think resistance training and especially in a gym setting is a situation where you can get very overwhelmed you see other people lifting heavier than you doing different workouts and you wonder if you're doing the right thing or if you're doing the wrong thing um but I promise you that most of the time as long as you're just you know lifting a weight you are helping your um your muscle mass and you're helping that mind muscle connection and I I'll make more videos about that also um but resist resistance training is key is a very very key component of longevity um especially as we age um you want to make sure you have that muscle bass to protect you in case of dramatic events like a fall or something like that most people you know in the hospital setting that I see they've been runners or you know they have great cardiovascular health however they have a fall and they're so frail that that kind of sets that creates like a downward spiral and you know they fall they they fracture a bone because they don't have the muscle mass they don't have that um that bone density to protect them and their recovery isn't great their bedridden they might for a clot it it's it's it's just very poor trauma traumatic events especially as you age is a very prog is a very poor prognostic Factor so trying to you know get that resistance training in keep up that muscle mass not only helps you know prevent like I said um fractures and you know trauma as we age but it also helps increase your metabolic rate the more the more muscle you have the more calories you're going to need to maintain that muscle and your resting basil metabolic rate will also increase so there's a lot of benefits to resistance St um the last but definitely not the least uh thing that I also did um was intermittent fasting like I said I had a huge issue with binge eating and it's it was something that consumed my life I would do you know I tried every uh diet under the sun um I did keto and at the best that best case scenario I think on keto I lost like 65 PBS then I would gain all of that back and more um because I would take a break from keto because of like let's say a family event or something and then I would just continuously like delay going back on to keto and during that time I would bingi and that would just with the with the intent that I'm going to get back on a diet but never really get back on it and that just caused me to constantly gain weight and it was very bad um I also tried like things like neutri system um I mean my parents were like I think this was when I was in college um they were like you're you're getting morbidly obese like we'll help you what do you need and they were at the time I think neutri system was running like a ton of ads and they're like oh yeah get on neutri system so I tried that and that was horrible I didn't I I don't recommend any of that um for people that can do keto or at least a low carb diet there are a lot of benefits to it however for me I was not someone that could stick to it um like consistently um so the benefits the negatives definitely outweigh the benefit but I was able to implement intermittent fasting and that helped me mentally at least get control over my eating habits I set a time window of 12:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. I would not eat before that and I wouldn't eat after that um and that really helped me gain control over my um my uh eating issues um but I mean I guess those were those are honestly the main things that really helped me um like I said I think micro doing the tepati and the other peptide there the other peptides I was on really accelerated my weight loss and really helped optimize my body metabolically and I'm and I still micro doer eptide I'm not using uh tesel or Ella anymore I don't really use any of the growth hormone analoges anymore or secr AOG just because there are studies that show that elevated igf-1 levels lead to um higher incidents of mortality um I need to look more into that um it seems like a lot of that was with body Builders who honestly they they were using other things um outside of just um growth hormone and elevated igf1 levels so there might be some confounding variables in that but I'll have to look into that but I've stopped using that for now um but yeah I mean like I said still micro doing to eptide right now I'm on uh 1 milligram every 5 days um just for my just for my metabolic Health just for the anti-inflammatory effects I mean if you're looking if you look at the data and I'm like I said I'm going to make tons of videos about the data and studies behind all this breaking it down uh into a med in the medical aspect and just showing the benefits that epatite and gp1 Agonist in general um have been providing um so that's kind of my goals with the Channel I want to talk more about peptide therapy it's like I said a passion of mine especially when it comes to neurocognitive uh disease and being able to prevent that or slow the progression of that so I'll be making more videos on that protocols um peptides that could help with that as well as you know um optimizing your health your metabolism and promoting longevity um you know what are the ptes that we can use to you know improve our lifespan um so that is my goal with the channel and um I'll definitely be making more videos I just wanted to create this as almost just a basic introduction uh just so you guys can get to know me and my goals and my my passions so um look forward to seeing you guys and you know like comment subscribe I'll leave my email below if you guys have any questions um but stay tuned for more videos all right

  Top Comments:
  1. @CantNotDance [5 likes]: Dr.Joseph is a good communicator. So much information in 20 minutes. I am about to start Zepbound. I'm apprehensive about side effects, but this helps. The concept of micro dosing makes sense.
  2. @TheS2white [2 likes]: Honest and authentic. Well done on your success with your glp1 agonists journey
  3. @xposetruth5681 [1 likes]: Very down to earth and fantastic doctor. Excellent video!
  4. @MarcoAnPauline [1 likes]: I can't hear this on my way to work.It's not loud enough
  5. @susanamstutz9305 [1 likes]: You just said in another video that you were against split dosing and in this video- you said you did every 5 days?
  6. @nancyboyd2984: I can't find your video that explains step by step how to microdose with Zepbound.  I am currently taking 7.5mg of  Zepbound brand name GLP-1 and using the qwik pen. I want to know exactly how to start microdosing with Zepbound.  Do I go down in dose first gradually until I get to 2.5mg then start counting clicks or do I have to start counting clicks at my current dose? I pay out of pocket through the Gift Help Eli Lilly program.
  7. @yourmama-v1k: Thanks for being vulnerable. Your story is so relatable and encouraging!
  8. @FleurFoods: This is a very good video. You are a good communicator.
  9. @rosaglem1905: I truly adore this doctor, so great to listen to a medical professional who can relate to eating disorder and shows the steps they are taking which can benefit others in controlling those cravings on a real level.
  10. @hatran4488: I feel like I am listening to my own story, insanely trying everything but nothing works 😢
  11. @XTheSpartanX7: Another Mallu getting lean on GLPs!!
  12. @LynneCobb428: Plotting the dose information is not in the description as the video states, need that link
  13. @Arizona-v8h: Agreed - I think about food 24/7 - it’s so nice to have this switched off - I agree - it’s like your whole day is thinking food.  So nice as I feel calmer as always fighting myself to stop overeating but in good food -
  14. @Mossdev: Thank you for a great video ! Your starting weight and mine is same. I just started with 2.5mg. Can you give more information on other peprides you used the one your mentioned helped your stomach area. I have similar issue like where I lot of fat in my stomach area.
  15. @patriciadiaz4714: This was awesome i enjoyed your choices and realized im not si far off on ny choices thanks .. do another video on right foods please
  16. @4773went: Your description of your relationship with food was spot on for my challenges! Thank you!
  17. @evebernstein5523: I have been on zepbound for 4 weeks, 2.5.mg Slight constpation but a lot of nausea in the morning. I am going up to 5mg but am afraid of the affects. If they are bad can I wait to take the dose every 2 weeks instead of every week? I can not microdose because they don't want me double dipping into the bottle due to lack of preservatives.
  18. @syedzama103: Hi just start first dose 2.5 mg mounjaro can i go for micro dosing its first week since I started and how many days gap for micro dosing
  19. @keepingitrealinteresting: Hey Doc.  Regards from Cape Town South Africa.  Love your videos.  Very Educational.  Thank you.  I started my journey on Mounjaro today.  1.25mg.  Would u say its the right amount to start as i need to lose about 40kg.  Eish!  Im female and 60 yrs old with quite a lot of belly fat.  Please advise.  My plan is to stay on 1.25mg for about a month and see how it goes.  Please advise.
  20. @stefaniekokal58: Excellent information. Thankyou for your honesty with your personal and professional journey

- ‘Microdosing Weight Loss Jabs Has Changed My Life’ | This Morning: Kind: captions Language: en then it's the secret formula supposedly used by alista to help them easily lose weight without experiencing the negative side effects of weight loss Jabs but what is micro doing and could it be too good to be true we're joined Now by Beauty editor Olivia Falcon alongside Dr Hussein to tell us more good morning to both of you good morning um Dr Hussein let's start with you first of all what is micro doing just a tiny bit of something essentially yeah so micro doing specifically in this instance the weight loss injections is is using doses or dose intervals that are lower than what is licensed or what the manufacturer advises so for example with tepati manaro the trade name 2.5 milligrams is the lowest dose that you can be on uh but in certain instances some people are using it for example every two weeks rather than every week okay so the same dose but then spreading out the injections yeah so that counts as micro doing yes because the actual way that these are administered is through a pen which automatically releases a single dose so you can't really effectively Harve it in certain other instances and other medications then sometimes we will when it's for example a liquid or a tablet and that can be done or an injection where you can modify but in this instance it's being done by extending the intervals okay so we're going to talk to Olivia in just a moment who's been starting the microing herself but from a medical professional's perspective does Micro doing work in your experience so if we look at this specific indication where we're using marara to zpp tide its half life is about 5 to 6 and 1 half days so that's why it's given once a week when you give it more and you have extended intervals Beyond a week then the drug would have pretty much gone out of your system so you're going to be having VAR varying levels of effects of the actual drug itself so it isn't something that I personally would use with my patients but it is something that some private clinicians are using as a kind of interim point between being on 2.5 milligrams the lowest do and not being on it at all okay uh Olivia let's come to you you look absolutely amazing you look fantastic when did you first start using the weight loss drugs so I I started well I started using the drugs in uh uh May um of 2023 uh maybe actually no April um I was feeling really really unwell I was going through the per menopause I was coming up to sort of heading into my 50s and I was very very I felt for myself I felt quite overweight I was the same weight I was when I was full-time pregnant with my first child I had really bad lower back pain I went to see a doctor and I did some blood tests and they said to me that I was pre-diabetic and my cholesterol level was 6.6 which I think is fairly high right so I um I had a friend who had been taking um an injection called AIC and I went to go and see her doctor private doctor in London who suggested I start trying um some of the injections Olivia before you tried or spoke to that doctor and tried injections did you address any lifestyle changes that you thought might have helped as well yes so I started off with a functional medicine doctor so they were the ones that ran all the tests for me and they put me um on a lot of supplements I always exercise I go to the gym three times a week but I I'm I am guilty I think a lot of people are of maybe snacking um I kind of sometimes would get involved in my kids dinner before my dinner um I had a glass of wine you know throughout the pandemic as well I put on some weight um you know overeating maybe um so I I did for about three or four months before I went down this route um I went on I really sort of tried to be mindful but you know I have a very busy lifestyle and it was quite unsustainable and what I found with these injections is it has made you know keeping a healthy weight for myself much more um easy and attainable but when you first started taking the full dose the regular dose did you start to get side effects is that why you went leaned more into the micro doing so when I first started I started on the lowest dose and I very I just did this lowest dose for about four months I sort of went very slowly and then opt the dose um I think the way you're meant to take them is they they usually prescribe you go the lowest dose and after a month you double your dose um but I sort of the did the lowest dose for about 3 or 4 months um I did go up to um a 1 milligram dose of a zic and um I did actually feel quite ill when I did that I felt very very tired um so I decided to go down um when did you when did you start noticing the difference it was having physically we're looking at some before and afters there which are oh my gosh I mean you know they are they it's very apparent you can see the difference in you yes um so I think when I sort of went uh the lowest dose for for three or four months I didn't initially notice much difference when I went up a dose that's when I noticed the weight come off um my lower back pain which was really bothering me went my cholesterol reduced um from 6.6 down to A 5.6 and I do regular blood tests with a doctor and they said you're no longer in the pre-diabetic zone so it really has been quite remarkable for me and how do you administer the micro do what how do you do it right well I bought just to show every one this is the pen um and it's usually if you were doing this um it would be a weekly injection it's like an epip pen but I'm doing this once every two weeks and um what you do to get the dose is you click you click the pen um some people I believe um don't click to the full dose they do half a dose but I'm just doing this um every two weeks rather than every week okay and I'm guessing that one of the really one of the real benefits to this is is the fact itn't doesn't cost you as much money but you're still achieving results exactly well this is expensive but for me it's been money incredibly well spent um how much is one of those P it's about1 1880 a month um so it's not cheap uh but I I you know it really has been I I would pay more than that because it has really transformed my health and I feel a lot better for it Olivia what did you say to people who will be looking at this and going For Heaven's Sake you look amazing you look fantastic you will never you never in The Benchmark to get these drugs on the NHS for free we can talk about that in just a moment and it was never intended for people of your size you just needed to be a bit more disciplined you just needed to be sort of a bit more on it I I mean for me I was feeling really unwell um and I was heading towards being diabetic um so I definitely didn't want to um get you know go down that road I think there are so many women going through the menopause that really are struggling um we all work you know working moms you just have such a busy lifestyle and um this is s has been such a helpful tool to really sort of not only reclaim my health but I I just feel so much better in myself as well um and yes I wasn't ever obese but I I was you know I was clearly having some really bad physical symptoms and it affects your confidence obviously as well um doctor husin there's going to be ladies that are sitting watching at home that hearing your story and hearing and it's that it's ringing Bells with them what would be your advice about micro doing and should people do it so like it's really complex you know obesity as a condition we know is so complex there's big genetic components there's strong environmental elements and what I would be very careful about is that we think of the long-term plan most people do not want to be on this injection whether they're micro doing or dosing in the normal intervals for long periods of time and what this shows is it has temporary effects while you're taking it it will suppress the appetite it works on that hormone that does does that but we need to think about what internal levers can we pull rather than just the external levers because once those external levers are gone we need to consider what are we doing within the lifestyles now it's really challenging look and I'm speaking from a person that actually was you know four stone heavier and really struggled with um weight myself I was I was diagnosed with liver disease and told that if I didn't lose the weight it would have gone into curosis and my family all struggle with weight okay now that was 10 years ago there wasn't options for the injections then was it challenging yes it was massively challenging did I lose weight over 6 12 months no it took you know probably four five years to lose that weight but it's about the lessons that are learned and the levers that you then develop internally to be able to pull that and there's challenges menopause is a challenge busy lives is a challenge and we need to work as a society to build an environment where we aren't all gaining weight because we are as a population we're all gaining weight and these are great tools they're great tools but they do not fix the underlying problem Olivia you at some point you're going to stop ium or you okay and how are you feeling about those levers you feel you've pulled the right lever so when you do stop you'll be able to maintain I mean for me it's this is this has stopped like the snacking and the second helpings so it goes to show you that you don't need as much food as you think and it kind of quietens the head in your voice the food chatter I think you know we have a reward system we think oh at 4:00 we'll have a bar of chocolate or whatever A Biscuit um so I am being quite mindful I'm doing this to try and make sure that when I come off it I'm not going back to what I was doing it's a really good tool to sort of highlight that yes it's really important to work on those tools internally you know cuz like you're so right it can be so difficult to quieten down those voices yes but think about as soon as even before you start taking injection what is the long-term plan to start building it right in the G if it's a catalyst for change it might be a very Olivia thank you coming in thank you for visiting our this morning YouTube channel we load new content every day so go ahead and hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out and we'll see you in the morning

  Top Comments:
  1. @domsbits3922 [20 likes]: Doctor literally explains the COMPLETE OPPOSITE of microdosing. Made zero sense.
Microdosing is taking smaller amounts more often. A microdose each time.
  2. @sallywright8065 [4 likes]: But what happens when you come off it? I understand the weight piles straight back on.  I’d like to lose about a stone in weight (I’m not eligible in any way for the jabs) and am adapting my diet, hopefully a new eating plan will become permanent. Surely these jabs can’t be permanent. It’s a sticking plaster solution.
  3. @MrsHermillan [4 likes]: Her “pre” photo was her about to get surgery hmm I’m assuming lipo.
  4. @sarahpenny3852 [2 likes]: I’ve been on Mounjaro since April2025 and I have gone from 14st11lb and now am 11st11lb.  I am seeing a doctor every 4 weeks for monitoring.  I have osteoarthritis and fibromyalgia and so try to lose that much weight i had found to be impossible.  I had tried everything!  I am now on 10,.5 dose and will stay on that for a few months.  I am aiming for around 10st.
  5. @theginge. [2 likes]: It’s nothing like an epi pen🤔🫣I have epi pens and have mounjaro pen 2.5mg they are not the same at all ! I use it to help for a couple of months for a few health problems
  6. @Bithi-t3c [1 likes]: the microdosing conversation is one i really wish had existed when i was starting out. i spent my first few months thinking more = faster results, and it genuinely backfired, more nausea, worse fatigue, and i ended up skipping doses just to feel normal. dropping back down to a lower dose and staying there longer than i thought i needed to was the thing that actually changed my trajectory.

what this video gets right is that tolerance and response are so individual. some people do great escalating on the standard schedule. others (me included) just need more time at each step. i went through Form Blends and my provider was actually willing to keep me at a maintenance dose longer instead of auto-titrating up every 4 weeks, which i think made a real difference in how my body adapted.

down about 44 lbs, 10 months in. the slower, more controlled approach won for me. really appreciate content that pushes back on the "more is always better" mindset
  7. @janetkelly8553 [1 likes]: Really that person did not fit the nhs guidelines. She should not have been on the jabs in the first place
  8. @Luckyone1111: 8:42 look at the gaslighting on this a man is telling you how to lose weight and how he did it yet women and men’s bodies are completely different. When will we start paying attention to women’s health? More research into women’s health!!!!
  9. @WLHJ8673: Id like to see what benefits that keep coming up for autoimmune diseases! These diseases cause inflammation! And GLP-1S are proving time and time again they help !
  10. @berrynice5760: She looks related to Cat
  11. @momdigitaldiariesxoxo: it is split dosing
  12. @BexRaeHart: The programme this doctor isn’t discussing the problem! Just because he did it doesn’t mean everyone on the world can and why not use something that help everyone and also stops us and  planet becoming so overweight
  13. @BexRaeHart: The drug for many stays in your body for longer than 5 days. I and many have found this
  14. @perthshirewildfoods8760: how about you just eat less food and get some exercise!
  15. @plasmichoneytrip: Are they twins???
  16. @norah3220: This is all so clueless. People have no idea about the truth of losing weight. It is truly scary that people are being sold this drug. Food is toxic today and causing all these diseases. People eat more because food has far less nutrition in it. They need much higher amounts. Going back for more like she says.Find nutritional good quality food people. Bring on the Medical medium Anthony Williams whos knowlege is definitely the best out there. I eat more than ever and lost all excess weight.
  17. @norah3220: They all get this chiselled look. It's scary how skinny they get in the end with these injections.
  18. @jok3508: Ive been on 2.5mg for 6 months, tried 5mg with bad side effects so dropped back to 2.5mg, wondering if there is any way i could use the pen to administer 3.5mg or 4mg?
  19. @andimair4739: I use a third of the lowest dose a week as the lowest dose was too strong. You just count the clicks
  20. @rozibektas143: It makes me wonder why there's such fascination with drugs when people often need to change their diets, start taking metformin to regulate blood sugar, and get moving. To cut down on food noise, I suggest having chia seeds before bed and again after waking up, carry roasted chickpeas to snack  ,along with drinking water to stay hydrated and help the body eliminate toxins. It's also worth considering reducing alcohol intake prior to a full blood count to check for thyroid issues and vitamin deficiencies. I apologize, but since recovering from COVID, I’ve made a firm decision not to rely on the three-letter agencies’ advice.

- GLP-1 Changed My Life: Trish’s Journey to Food Freedom & Health | The Until It’s Done Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome to another episode of Until It's Done, a devoted podcast. I'm your host, Dana Lin K, and welcome back, guys. I've been on a little bit of a of a podcast break. Uh I had a I've had a lot of stuff going on in my life. I had to put the podcast on hold for a little bit. But I do have a lot of new episodes coming and we're I'm I'm really excited. We've got summer. We're going to just be cruising through the whole summer with a podcast dropping every week. I promise you that. Um but but we're going to pick up kind of where we left off. If you have listened to our previous episodes, I had uh had a guest who I absolutely adore. Maria Redmond was on and we were talking about some hot topics. And one of them these days is GLP-1 medicines medications and they're they're all over the place. They like slowly they crept in and all of a sudden it's like it's the buzzword. Um and it's really I think there's a lot of positive there. It's definitely controversial. Maria had her take on it and um after that episode aired, I had a handful of listeners reach out and they they had wanted to share their experience taking GLP1 because we I've had guests where they share maybe their experiences where it's been positive, but they've had some negative side effects. I mean, it's been a mixed bag, but I I then got an email from um a listener named Trish Munz, um and who's joining me today, and she wanted to share her experience doing taking a GLP1, her journey with uh weight loss, and how GLP1's are helping her. And I think it's only fair to hear all the sides of the stories, and everybody's uh experience is different. I mean we I think it's safe to say that uh everyone's journey it's not like a cookie cutter thing. If it was I mean that we just say okay do this do that everybody would have success and everyone would have the same results but it's not it's very different. So welcome to the show Trish. Thank you. Thank you for having me. And I think it's so important that you always welcome all the opinions. Um I think that's one of my favorite things about your podcasts and I'm not an easily triggered person. I love to hear all the different opinions and sides of everything because I think that's how we make the best decisions for us. So, I appreciate that you always bring everything to the table. Like there's no one-sided conversation on your podcasts, which I think is great. Which has inspired me when I heard Maria, I was like, "Oh, I really want to talk." Yes. No, and I and I think it's great. And I liked I mean the thing is I've had people come on and we'll get into this later in the conversation where you know they've had experiences where the GLP1's positive but they did experience some negative things along the way that they wanted to share. I mean you know that's the whole thing about people's journeys. You're you're it's not just a you know uphill like it's just like a or a straight line to success. there there are always peaks and valleys and things and there with a lot of medications that we take I mean even when you listen to commercials about medications there are side effects there are things it's not always all positive and it's not always all negative and so it's it's a mixed you know it's a mixed bag when it comes to when you're taking something um especially something so new to mainstream I know that diabetics have been on GLP1s for a while uh or they've used it in for a while um you know in in certain cases but now for so many people to have access to this medication um I do feel that the education needs to go up up you know with with Yeah. So I want to start by you know you telling your story um tell us about your weight loss journey and then we'll get into you know how the GLP1s now are playing a role. Yeah. So, I've been overweight. I like I told you my whole life, like since like sixth grade, right? The minute um puberty hits, it all hit. And um you know, it's been a battle. I've done everything my whole life up and down the yo-yo dieting, every diet you can imagine. Um and I've had success. Absolutely. I've lost, you know, over 70 pounds on some plans and, you know, kept it off for a little bit of time and then slowly it would creep up. And I think, you know, at the point I am in my life now, I was looking back like, why why does it always come back? Like I was always motivated. I was the best derer out there. Like nobody did it. Like I was perfect. And yet somehow all that work I put in, it would just keep coming back. And you know what was I missing? And you know the GLP1 is part of it. I've been working on this journey for a long time. even before the JLP1 like working on myself internally, healing all the relationships with myself before I even started this. So, I think, you know, it's important that that's a piece of it, but you know, yo-yo dieting my whole life has led me to feel very unsuccessful every time I start a journey. I no longer call it a diet because I just I don't like that word anymore. Um, so I think, you know, when I got to this point in my life, I was afraid that I was going to end back there. And the minute that fear creeped in, I had to stop myself and say, "Okay, maybe this is what's tripping me up. Maybe this is what is happening that's causing me to constantly fall off the wagon or go back." Um, and so when I went into the GLP1 journey, I had that in mind and I did a lot of research. I was very scared of the shot. You know, all the things Maria talked about were all the things that scared me. Sure. So, let's What I want to do is first I want to break it down because what I hear the most from people is that I dieted all my life. I was yo-yo dieting. I would fall off. And so I've had on, you know, coaches and experts and people who would say, "Well, then what you were doing wasn't working because you couldn't sustain it, right?" Like it's like if it worked, if if you were say, "Okay, I went on a diet and I lost 60 lbs and then I fell off and I gained it all back." Well, it was like, "Okay, well with what you were doing, was that sustainable? What were you doing to lose that weight?" And then what happened that you stopped doing that? I mean, it was working whatever you were doing because you were able to lose a substantial amount of weight. It wasn't just some overnight water weight and you were like, "Oh, look, I just sat in the sauna and lost, you know, 5 lbs." No, 65 lbs is like, "Wow, you were doing something. There was something." Now, what were you doing that you felt though in the past was not why was that not sustainable? Why did the weight come back? Did you you know like to to really because it sounds like you're somebody who did analyze like what was going on with you? Yeah. So I think there's two components to it right. So first this the sustainability right all these diets and I have done them all. Some of them are more easily sustainable right because you eat you know all the food groups and then some of them you know it's no carb, no fat, no this. So the minute now I look into it, I look back, the minute I hear the word no, that's not for me because everything has to be balanced. So no means deprivation. So that so right away there, that's not sustainable, right? So that's the that's the first thing I think I learned and I I I did them all. The second piece is it's not always just about the food that you're putting. It's about your relationship with it, you know, and I think that those two pieces together are very important. You can't just have one. I don't think any for me, I shouldn't say for everybody because I don't want anybody coming at me after this. You know, it's you have to have both to have it be sustainable. You have to heal your relationship with yourself with food and you have to, you know, I think one of the things I love listening to you is like, you know, sugar is not off limits. Like, you know, I'm not eating 100 grams of sugar a day, but if I eat something with a low sugar, it's okay. You know, it's okay. And I think, you know, it was never sustainable before because I never allowed myself to love myself before I started. I just wanted to love what I looked like and what clothes look like and and what I look like at the gym or how many times I could go to the gym. I didn't really understand that that wasn't sustainable. You know, going to the gym six days a week, two and a half hours a day with two girls in sports and everything else was not sustainable, right? I only knew how to do it that way. And so when that couldn't happen, I didn't know how to stay on track. And so then the the slide would start if that if that makes any sense. No, it makes total sense because that's what I preach with devotion. I mean devotion my the word like what you said you don't like the word diet that I mean I use the word diet as far as like what's your daily diet of diet like? You know what I mean? Like a not necessarily like being on a diet or a fat diet. like I'll say, "Oh, my diet consists of, you know, lean meats and fruits and that." But my word is lifestyle because I have always um I've always realized that if I wanted this, my goal was to live like this this fit person forever. I was like, "How do I do that?" Like that's like, you know, my cookbook. Have your shake and eat it too. How do I have my cake and eat it too? How do I have it all that I'm enjoying life? I'm getting to do everything, but I'm also staying fit. And I found that like what you said, anytime that if I tried to do, which I did them too, any diet that was a name, like anything that was cut like no carbs or you have to do something so strict, keto, like if it had a name to it that I had to follow rules, all of a sudden it was like now I'm on a plan and it's not a lifestyle and I'm not able to work things in because if it's keto, then okay, now every awesome carb occasion that I like birthdays and like all the things that goes out the window and then all of a sudden that's daunting, right? Like you're like, "Wait a second. Now that means no this, no that." And all of a sudden instead of embracing this like a wonderful new world that's making you healthy, now you're just obsessing over everything that's off limits. Right. Exactly. So, I can understand that. Um, you know, I think a lot of people on GLP1 are feeling the freedom because they're realizing like, yeah, you can you can eat a healthy, balanced out, you can have really whatever you want in your diet, but you're also um I mean, you know, you're able to not kind of like have that and I they call that food noise, that like obsession. Um, right over Oh, yeah. I like what you say about obsession though, like right so when you go on a diet like and I'm not talking about what my diet consists of. So I love that that distinction because they're two very different things. When you go on a plan, you know, then there's that that obsession of I have to eat this way and I have to make sure I have this and I can't have this and I can't and the minute you start that like that's not healing. That is very stressful. It adds to anxiety and what what causes us to make choices that are not great for us, eating or drinking or whatever. Anxiety, stress. So, no wonder I'm not successful because I'm stressed and anxious about my food plan all the time. I'm not happy. I felt deprived so much, right? Because like I won't you can't mention plans, I'm sure, but like you know there's certain plans out there where like you get this amount of food and when you run out of whatever it is, you can't eat anymore. And then there'd be a day you'd be hungry and like 3:00, I don't have enough food left and it's only 3:00 in the afternoon. Yep. What am I going to do? Then the anxious And then if you feel like you ate uh then if you decide to feed yourself because you are hungry, then you feel like you screwed up your plan. You failed your plan and then it's like, "Oh my god, I'm messing up." And it's like this whole vicious the whole vicious cycle of the crap. And then the binge, you know. So for me, that's a binge trigger. I am a binge eater. And so the minute that emotional spiral starts, the binge starts because I'm like, "Well, screw it. You know, I messed up the whole day anyway. May as well get the most bang for my buck." And there you go. And then you wake up the next day and you're like, "I have to start all over again." I feel you. I know you do cuz I've listened to your black and white thinking, the all or nothing. Um, you know, I mean, when I went through when I went through, you know, my incredible my my main transformation. Nowadays, when people see me, it's like, yeah, I can fluctuate 5 lbs, whatever. But like, I've really now maintained my my body weight for quite a while. My main transformation was um about 12 years ago, you know, a year after giving birth to my twins. It was like when everybody was like, "Oh my god, I went from 210 to like 123 competing." And there was no such thing as GLP1s. I didn't, you know, there was I didn't even know beriatric surgery. Not that I was a candidate, but like all this stuff is very new to me. I mean, I there was none of that. And I really um I had to go through that whole like not like learning the lifestyle like it really um it it was a mental it was like a mental toughness because there I didn't have a tool like that you know and I was starving and I did fall off the the wagon. I think with the GLP1 people they're probably and you can answer this. Um are do you find like I had to fall off the wagon a thousand times. I ended up in the binges a thousand times just because I was just doing it with sheer like just trying to like trying to override what my brain was telling me. I wanted to do the binges. I want and so a lot of times that they happened and then I would be back on but I was also trying to create this this lifelong lifestyle right where I was not saying anything was off limits and I was trying to embrace and going out for food you know with my family and I was trying not to call it a diet. I was trying this whole devotion lifestyle, you know, and I was using my devotion products and I was making my pancakes and I was doing my things and I was like, gosh darn it, like I really need to make this a lifestyle. I can't I got to get off this crazy train, which was like that's how I felt, right? And I'm sure that's how you felt too. Um, yeah, it's true. It's true. And the GLP ones like they work great on the food noise and the appetite suppress suppression, right? So, but like as you go up in dose or whatever, as you get used to it, the food noise does come back. And so I took a minute to embrace that and not go up because I said for me, I knew that the minute this shot goes away, I don't want to end up back down that road. I'm I'm really focused on this. And so I embraced the food noise. Now, there's two parts to it, right? Because you said GLP1 people like the binges. No, you can't because you'll get sick. You will throw up. I mean, at least I will. You will feel awful. I mean, if everybody without a GLP1 who went who like was a binge emotional leader, if that happened, if we really had that natural trigger, it would be great. We don't necessarily have that. And to me, I always like equate it with like the wiring between my brain and my stomach doesn't connect. And so, my stomach could feel as full as can be. And my brain needs to keep eating. I'm not feeding my body. I'm feeding some emotional piece of me that won't be quiet. So, the GLP1 does quiet that. And it does help you not eat as much because you would get sick. But the food noise does come back. Um, and it's been a a hard not hard um it's been an emotional time for me when it comes back cuz I'm like, god damn, like it's ne is this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] never going to go away? Like is she always going to be telling me like it's okay, eat. And so I've learned to embrace it and I feel like it's been one of my biggest accomplishments on it. Like getting through understanding what my body feels like when it's hungry. Really trying to con fix that connection between my brain and my stomach and like stopping in my tracks when I'm saying like I want to go get the air puffs out of the kitchen and put a bulb. Like I just had breakfast 15 minutes ago. There's no way I need air puffs. like healthy choice. Not saying that, but like do I really need them? And then I would stop. And it's the first time in my life I've been able to stop and say, okay, what's going on? You know, are you stressed at work or what what is happening? Or are you really hungry? Maybe breakfast wasn't satisfying. And because of you and because of all the people you've brought on and like the community that I've learned just from devotion, like just starting with the protein, I've learned things like, you know, um I think it's Dr. I never say her name right. Matteo. Yes. So, she was like protein forward. Like you want to have a snack, go for it. Just have protein first. And so, like it's it's a cycle. There's never just one piece, you know, of I love love love this for you. And that's one of my biggest fears about with the GLP1. And not that I'm I'm not I'm definitely pro GLP1, but my whole thing was I want it to be and like you said, God forbid the say the shock goes away or it's not as accessible to these people. I want it to be and not to just overuse this word, but like used as a tool while you're building your natural tools because like I said, I did not I was a binge eater. I had, you know, eating disorder. I was hospitalized for binge eating. I gained I there were times I could gain 30 lbs in a month. I mean, I was really, you know, I went through it and I had to build my toolbox without that GLP1. I I was like, how do I get off of this? And so, you working on those those emotional cues or those things and building the toolbox, like even to this day, there are times when my life will be so stressful and I'm going through things with my kids or my ex-husband or my things that I'm feeling life is like caving in on me. You know, yes, there's that Dana who wants to just go stand in the pantry and I can easily eat a box of granola and I could do a pop a big thing of popcorn and even if I'm pouring devotion over it. Yeah, I'm not I shouldn't be having three bowls of devotion and popcorn. You know what I mean? I can binge on anything. So, I had to because that those times would happen again and again and I was like, "How do I break this cycle? I can't keep turning to food. Food is not the answer." And like you said, I'd sit there and say, "I'm not even hungry. Like, I just ate. I'm just trying to come up with my escape and it would be food." And this voice in my head would tell me that's what will make you feel better. Like, oh, just kind of like escape into the food. And so, I had to build this toolbox of, you know, taking a breath, putting the dog on the leash, getting the heck out of the house, uh, calling my mom, like all these different things where I would be like breaking that that cycle of where it's like, you know, something stressful happens, go to the food, then feel guilty, then, you know, oh, I'm starting again tomorrow. that whole thing, that whole Oh, and it's exhausting, right? It is exhausting. It is exhausting. And I think it's so interesting what you say, right? Because you didn't have that tool, but and I agree, GLP1 is only a tool. It's one really big small piece in that box. Like for me, there's a lot of big things to it, but it's only one of the things. I put in a lot of the work before I started it. And I might have been able to be doing this without it because I was putting in the work. I'm just fortunate enough that they're there now. And why not take advantage, right? Like if I have a headache and an ice pack will help but Tylenol will help quicker, take the Tylenol. You know what I mean? So it it's really and it's and it's given me the opportunity to take a deeper dive. Um, and one of the things, and I I don't want to forget to say this, one of the biggest um things like um Maria was saying was like worrying about people on the, you know, with muscle and all of that. And especially me, I'm a 55year-old post-menopausal woman who is going to lose muscle just by laying in bed to sleep. Like, I'm losing it just daily. So, you know, I had to make sure I prioritized it. But one of the things she said which was so interesting was, you know, she's afraid people aren't going to be able to get up off the floor who are on GP LP1s in in five whatever years. And I wanted to say to her that's so true, but guess what? I couldn't get off the floor before I started it. Sure. Because I was so overweight and so out of shape and so unable to physically exercise. And I think a lot of it was hormonal, right? Because you know, we all go through those hormonal things. But like I couldn't even exercise was so hard. I was so exhausted cuz I wasn't sleeping. The pain in my body was real. Like yeah, the hip pain and all that. So I I'd be on the floor and I'd try to work out and I'd have to have something near me to make sure I could get up. I can get up off the floor now. Now, let me be very clear. I heard her loud and clear and I make sure I prioritize protein. And you know, you have to make sure at any stage in life, especially our stage, whether you're taking a GLP1 or not, you need to make sure that you're fueling your body. But it was such such a good statement for me to hear from her, and I was like, that's so important that people realize that, too. Well, and the thing is is it's very real. Kelly, um, who you guys know, she's my right-hand woman at Devotion. So, she just uh had a work lunch for something with Devotion the other day and um the older gentleman who was a sales guy uh took Kelly out to lunch. They went to an Italian restaurant and Kelly said, "Oh, you know, he ordered the lobster ravioli and he ordered this like amazing chicken dish." So, they bring food to the table and Kelly, you know, takes her serving, whatever, and she she looks at him and she said, "Dana, the man must have taken three bites." And then we were sitting there and she said, "Oh, is something wrong?" And he said, "Oh, no. You know, I'm full." And he said, "You know, I'm on mangaro." And so I, you know, I don't even really eat, you know, I don't eat that much, so I I'll just get a box and I'll I'll give the rest away. And Kelly was like, "Oh my god, like you've barely you barely touched your food." And so Kelly said, "Well, what about the chicken? Like what about some of this the protein? At least you should eat some of that." And this older gentleman, he's he was se he's 70 years old. um said that he aims to eat about 30 grams of protein a day. Oh wow. So Kelly sat there, she was like, "Oh my god." And like Kelly called me right after this happened cuz she's like, "Dana, like this is crit." Like you hear the stories. She's like, "I'm just out to lunch with this guy." So she said to him like, "Who has you on this?" And she said, and he said, "Oh, my, you know, my doctor put me on it and just like a lot of us have heard I heard it on another our sleeve life podcast. Kelly was on there cuz she she had lost all of her hair because again the dose kept going up. You know, they kept calling her saying, "Okay, we're going to do your refill." They would you like it a dosage up? Sure, I guess more is better. And then she's eating less. And then same thing with this man. He said, "No, no, you know, I just take a dose now that I I just don't have an appetite." But meanwhile, Kelly was like, "You're 70 and like 30 grams of protein for a grown man." like the what that's doing to him day in and day out. Like when Maria was talking about not being able to get off the floor, if this 70-year-old man continues at 30 grams of protein a day and taking three bites out of a lunch and barely eating, I mean, that's that was kind of Maria's concern because there are some people unlike yourself who don't listen to my podcast or who don't understand, you know, the protein or who weren't educated who are hurting themselves and they are losing their hair. They're losing their muscles. This man is could be creating osteoporosis. I mean, when you're really undereating and you're not nourishing your body because a medication is making you really not interested in food anymore, that's where I think Maria's main concern was. But, you know, that that's valid. But also, what you're saying is valid. of course like to be able to exercise and do the things that you need to do to get you healthy that you know that's where I think like the the education needs to uh that I think that then that's where a lot of us get angry where it's like why aren't these people being put on the medication and then being given strict guidelines like hey I'm going to need you to to take this and if you can't hit at least 100 grams of protein a day. We cannot up your dose. Like you need to be doing this, you know. But this poor man, it's like somebody is just giving him this medication and he's under Yeah, it happens. I guess because you can get them so um easily through anything. But you know, like I definitely am under my doctor's care and I actually like I've been seeing a therapist for over two years, three years now maybe. And she said to me, one of the main things she said to me is don't forget to advocate for yourself. like the doctors aren't always speaking for you whether it's like I feel like I need to go up or I feel like I'm good where I am whatever it is. um you have to make sure you advocate for yourself and you know the the not being hungry thing is always very interesting to me because I have had moments but I don't live like I love to eat even on my G but I like I know when I'm full and I I I just I don't ever understand the oh like I ate a French fry today and I'm like I would not be feeling good. That's the thing. That's not a flex. Like when I when I see that on social media or when people are so like, oh, or yeah, I can still have this food and it's not even nutritious. It's not even, you know, yes, you can basically eat whatever you want. So you okay, it sounds like a magic pill, but it's like can you like if you're not first putting your protein and fruits and vegetables and fiber, it's not really a flex to just say, oh, I ate French fries, I'm losing weight. It's like there's no nutritional value in that. you're now missing out on so many essential things that your body needs to function. And it's not all about just losing weight, okay? Being what? Being skinny. Like is that our just whole goal? like what about being healthy and you know eating the the making sure all of you're hitting your vitamins and your minerals and your fiber and there's like so I think that that's where that's where I think the negativity comes in with it because there are people taking it and they're just not even educated on what they should be doing while like it's it's it's basically not the tool it's just the everything and then they're letting everything else fall to the to the waist. side and then um you know like Kelly told us on the podcast with the our sleeve uh sleeve life podcast girls you know she said she was just going up up up and it was like so empowering that she just wasn't hungry she didn't have to eat and then all of a sudden one day she's like oh my god my hair is falling out of my head and that's a sign of malnutrition. Yeah. So it's crazy though. It is. It's crazy. I mean I I I don't understand why there isn't more education on it especially when we know there's so many beneficial things coming from it now right so there should be more like doctors should be more educated just like teachers you know in a classroom right like you have a certain group of kids they you educate the teachers to be able to teach them doctors should be more educated and should be talking to their patients more and it and it goes back to what you started when we started the podcast sustainability Right? So, if you're eating whatever Chick-fil-A or French fries and because you're only eating half and you're losing weight, that's great. What happens when the shock goes away? Or what happens to your body for the rest of your life? Like, how do you feel? Like, I I have to laugh because I don't think I've ever paid so much attention to what I put in my body. And it's only because I'm afraid of what the shot will do. Like, I love it, don't get me wrong, but I'm also like, it's really I've never eaten so healthy in my life. I love my relationship with food now. Like, I am not afraid of it. I'm not afraid to eat a cheeseburger. I genuinely don't eat the whole thing. And I eat it kind of differently now because I know how if I eat a cheeseburger on a bun, I don't feel good. I also didn't feel good before the shot. I just didn't pay attention. I just didn't care. You know what I mean? Cuz up here was telling me a whole different story about how I was feeling like, "Oh, but you ate it." And then there was cheat day. You know, there are no more cheat days for me. No. Yeah, that doesn't even exist anymore. I'm so glad that part of my life is behind me because I can eat whatever I want when I want. It's what I choose. It's my choice. And like I remember like being on the program so I'm sure you know like you know, oh just eat half like you know or just have a bite of the cake. Piece of cake sometimes like if I'm really in the mood like don't please don't I don't ever want to be told no again. Sure. You can't eat that because you're fat or you shouldn't eat that because you're fat. No, I can eat whatever I want. I just have to make good choices. You you just said it at something the other day with your kids. Like I eat cookies. The guy with the protein bars like with the kids. Like let's stop shaming our kids. Kids are going to eat sugar and kids are definitely burning it off a lot quicker than we are. But we all need to to to be able to have like things that are off limits because that's what starts the the negative relationship with food. I agree with you 100%. I do it, you know, with my one daughter. I one out of three struggles with her weight and so um but you know with my kids it's all about like healthy lifestyle healthy you know I want them my son is always going to reach for a bag of chips but I'm always going to be the one suggesting like hey grab an apple first like why don't you first grab you know it's like I'm going to try to just train their little brains that and as they get older then they'll hear me in their head like all right I'll just I'll grab the apple first you know those are but I never say no like if if that's if that's what they want because I I don't want to create whenever it makes me cringe if Beiju says something um that like no I'm not going to eat that cuz it's carbs like not that she does because that hasn't been the it hasn't been the the words like that I don't use that in our house but if she says something because it's you know she'll hear it or she'll pick it up I'll say yes you can have it yes if you do you want that brownie you can have that brownie you can have that one brownie because I remember when I started feeling more freedom was when I told myself I could have it. I I was like, I'm not saying no to anything. Like even in times when I would be competing in bodybuilding in the figure and the diet is so structured, I would say Dana, you no one's holding a gun to your head. You can have it. Have it. Go out. Let you know. And as soon as I allowed myself to have the things, it took like that off limits away like that whole like we were saying deprivation. Yeah. And feeling deprived, right? Whenever you're feeling deprived, don't you want it more? No matter what it is, you just want it more. And then you obsess and then it it just turns into such a negative cycle. And I'm sure like she won't eat a tray of brownies because she knows she can have one. And if she really wants one tomorrow, she can have another one. There's no negative relationship with the brownie which is amazing that you like I loved that podcast with your daughter and I have two girls you know who struggle with their weight and it helps me now to have a conversation with them you know because they've watched me struggle my whole life so you know no matter what no matter if you use the right words they've seen you struggle and and so they see the relationship with food and and they pick up on it and even on social media you know whatever these kids have it a lot harder than than I did um cuz I didn't have it in my face 24/7 with everybody feeling a certain way but you know it's it's just creates that negative cycle and it's so nice I think you know bringing the GLP1 into it has been amazing but I think my biggest message would be it's only a tool and we should never we should never forget that and I'm blessed that I could have that tool and that it does help me but you know like people say oh you're cheating right because you you you use the shot no I'm I have a I have lost a a healthy amount of weight. I have not lost dramatic amounts of weight. I haven't lost five or six pounds in a week. You know, I average a pound a week maybe. Um but I put in the work. I put in the work more than I ever have, but I put in the work on me. It's not about the food. It's not about the diet. It's about putting in from me. And that is also a part of the picture. I don't think I could be successful on a GLP1 without that. Because again, it would be like any other, right? Aren't diet plans a tool, right? It's a tool to help you consume a certain amount of calories, right? Or a certain amount of food, but if you don't put in the work, when that tool is no longer effective or no longer available, that's when the the problems start to come back. And so, you know, it was very important to me, especially with the GLP1, because they knew how successful they were, and I didn't want to waste the opportunity. So, I was like, I have to do a lot of work while I have this really amazing tool because if you use it, right, it is hearing people only doing 30 grams of protein scares the heck out of. Oh, it's horrifying. It's horrifying. And to say so, and to now, now in your opinion, when you're saying do the work. So for me, when people are when people talk about putting in work, I mean, I'm looking at work like really educating yourself on what you're putting in your body, how much you're putting in your body. I for me, I loosely track now. I I always have to. That is one of the tools I have to do because I know that my mind can still run away with me with portions, with anything. I have to see okay this is what this is what 100 and say I do 130 grams of protein a day or 150 I've done you know all different along my journey but I have to see this is what it looks like and this is what my serving of rice at night with my with my lean ground beef and my vegetable like this is what it looks like because somebody who loves food and people like us who love to eat we can be very heavy-handed and and being heavy-handed at our servings and going back for more and double portions. I mean, that was the thing. I was eating healthy, but I was also like eating double of what I needed to eat a lot of times. So, when I'd say I struggled with my weight, it was because I wasn't putting in the work to really see what did my body, what does my fuel really need to look at? You know, I was a person that would go to Cheesecake Factory and whatever serving whatever they served me, I could eat the whole thing and meanwhile that could be a daily that could be an entire day's worth of calories in one meal, right? So, it's really educating yourself to see and now because I track and I see what I'll realize like, no, I'm I'm not going to have a second serving of rice. I already ate half a cup. That was a, you know, a nice serving of of rice with my meal. And maybe the younger Dana who didn't put in work and education as far as of nutrition would have gone back and done a whole another a whole another half a cup and a whole another what and all of a sudden my daily calories could go from 1,600 to 2600. And now it's like, okay, well that's actually too much for my frame and my body. And then and then people are like, well, I've done everything and I eat healthy and I'm not losing the weight because it's like you don't really know what you're eating and you haven't really done the work to see what. So right now like that you're on the GLP1 or anybody out there listening, it's a great time to also say like, yeah, I am eating whatever and I'm losing weight, but what am I eating? Like what is my calorie intake? Because the GLP1 isn't it's not losing the weight for you. It's keeping you eating the correct amount. So then if your GLP1 goes away, right? It is. It's fighting your brain, right? And you have to educate yourself because it's going to go away in in some way, shape, or form until they find maybe a maintenance. You know, I I have chronic obesity, right? So I and I'm talking like been 260 lb, 250 lbs. Like that's that's a lot of weight for I'm 5'2. Sure. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's a lot of weight. I'm in my 50s. Um, but when you talk about like what you said, I'm gonna lose my train of thought, of course, because like my mind is going a thousand miles a minute, you know, putting in the work, right? So, I always think about that because I always hear you say it and I'm like, did I really put in the work before the shot? And I'm like, I did to the best of my ability, right? And it looks very different for everybody. So, I educated myself to the best of my ability, but emotionally it was really draining to run out of food or not understand how to eat food or not, you know, know what my portions were and, you know, you know, whatever. Like, you can eat unlimited chicken, but you can only have one slice of bread. Like, I didn't really understand how to eat. So, now, did the GLP1 do that for me? Yes and no. No, it's it's just a shot that suppresses your appetite and it calms the food noise. But by doing that, it gave my brain a minute to open up to learn how to eat, to see what I really need to fuel my body, to make sure that I'm getting everything I need so that I'm not eating two and a half cups of rice because brown rice is healthy. You know, it's not white rice. I'm really only need a half a cup of rice. or how do I feel at night having rice as opposed to at lunch? Like, so I did put in the work before, but my body and mind would only allow so much work. It was kind of closed off. Now, could I have gotten here without the shot, just like you got there without the shot? Yeah, but I'm also older. It was menopause makes it a lot harder to lose any weight. So, I was trying the diet and the exercise and I was not seeing results. And we all know you want to see some results. You know, you want to see the scale move a little bit or you want to be able to walk an extra mile or walk without feeling like I have to turn around and go back because I'm afraid I'm not going to get back home because I'm so I'm struggling. So, so it it it does help with that. But I I I just I hope everybody who's listening who's on a GLP1 just make sure you take care of yourself. like use this moment to pretend that it's not going to be there one day and to really really find yourself a community whether it's through Tik Tok or Instagram or on podcasts where you can get the tools and the knowledge you need to make sure that you can be the best you for the rest of your life. I always laugh because the beginning I said to my husband last year we we renewed our vows on the beach and he's also on a GLP one with me which is also amazing because we kind of support each other but we renewed our vows on the beach for 30 years and I didn't get to wear a wedding dress the first time so I wore a dress and it was form fitted and I was 250 lbs and you know the belly was showing but I loved her. She was stunning and I'm going to get emotional. um that led me here today because it wasn't about that. It wasn't about the look. It was about inside. And because I loved her, I'm able to be here today. Sorry. Yeah. No, I love that. I get it. I can I get it. I I feel your emotion. I I get emotional because I I get it. It's, you know, I've I've been in that spot where I finally am like, "Oh my god, I finally love myself. I finally um am not, you know, all wrapped up in this. It's like I I I those years were like I said, it was like a crazy train and I just wanted to get off of it because you are battling with with the food and loving yourself and there's a lot going on and to get to the other side is there's no other word than freedom, right? Yes. It's right. It's food and fitness are wonderful, but like they can also become a negative obsession, right? Like I said, I was losing weight day. I was in my 40s. I was losing weight going to the gym. I everything looked right on the outside and yet I still looked in the mirror and saw the fat girl who was going to fail, right? Like I didn't see the fitness. I didn't see the she lost 50 pounds. I just saw the failure. Now I look in this in the mirror and I'm like, "Wow, look at you go." Like I I went to a nutritionist. Like you know my therapist always said to me, "What are you doing to take care of you?" And I'd be like, "Oh, I go get my nails done and I make sure." Yeah. I didn't get it. I take care of me. I put me first. Like I put make sure that I have good food in the fridge. Like even if I don't meal prep, there's good things in there for me to to to choose from. Not I have to run out to go get a sandwich because there's nothing to eat and I'm starving. Like it's it's prioritizing yourself. doesn't look like the artificial things or the superficial things. You you know what, and it's so interesting that you're saying that because I remember when my kids were really little. Now, I like I said, my journey, my big dramatic weight loss and then me keeping it off happened after my twins. So, I had my three-year-old and I had newborn twins and um I was battling to, you know, get off that 86 pounds that I lost that. And I would play this thing where I'm like, am I being selfish? Like here I am waking up in the morning to do my cardio. And on the outside and years ago, maybe on social media, it looked very vain and selfish where I was food prepping for my kids, giving my babies baby or not food prepping for my kids, food prepping for myself, making my chicken, feeding my babies, doing my stuff. I'm doing everything. But it's like here I am so focused on this fitness. But I think what people didn't understand was that like I was laying this this foundation and I was taking care of myself so that I could take care of my babies and I could feel really good about me. And it for a while it was it was a struggle to get it all down and to make a lot of sacrifices and to wake up really early and then do the grocery shopping and the meal prep and then this and it's like I'd run myself into the ground because it didn't come naturally. It was a struggle. It was a I got to figure this out. And did I miss some workouts? Yes. And was I hard on myself? Yes. But I was making my protein loads, you know? It was like I was doing all those things. I've been doing them forever. And they were the things that I had to figure out to like create this lifestyle that I could sustain and love and I could love myself because I didn't love myself when I was in that in that yo-yo cycle and I was doing all those things. So, it was like I battled so hard to get to freedom. And that freedom that you're feeling is the freedom that now, you know, I guess now it's the twins are going to be 13 this weekend. So it's like over a decade later, that's the stuff that I come on my podcast um preaching where I'm like, yeah, it's going to take work. It's going to take sacrifice. It's going to take doing a lot of uncomfortable things and like reprogramming your whole life. But when you get it down and you're like, I got it. like I got it's that freedom of of now I just like love myself my life and to be honest I'm a much better mom because I took care of myself and I feel so good that I can then my kids can feel that and then I can feel good and I'm happy and I'm sure that your relationship with your husband is better than ever and all those things because you're empowered and you're feeling good because you took care of yourself and my relationship with my girls. It's so funny. This is like a GLP1 shack, but you realize that it's not just about that. And my relationship with my girls has never I mean, they're older. They're, you know, grown adults, but it's never been so strong because I'm, you know, when you're in that on that crazy train, right? And like something's going on in your life, you have to fix their life because oh my god, that you don't want them to feel like you do. And it's and like you start like overparing to compensate for all the craziness that you're feeling and like that doesn't help them. Now I'm kind of like, you know, I'm like chill. Like I'm relaxed cuz I don't feel like I'm holding on for a dear life, you know? But again, you have to put in the work and you have to meal prep and it doesn't come naturally and it is exhausting and overwhelming and you're like, but there's a certain freedom to it now. And I think that is where the shock came in for me with the food noise because like it just calmed I also think for some reason it helped me with hormones. I know you were talking the other day about like, you know what, you're not on HRT yet, but you never know. But like I was like all over the place like a year ago, like I was like I felt like I was always on like a hundred. Like yeah, emotionally I I could cry or I could rip your head off. And I was like really considering HRT right before I did this. Now, do I think it it's the actual shot? Maybe a little, but I think it's the food I'm putting in my body and I'm nourishing my body and so my every it has calmed all my hormones. At least in my opinion or for my I think the calming part is you're feeling now in control. When you feel out of control, it's like this spiral. I used to feel out of control because I was so obsessed with food that I'm eating one meal, I'm worried about the next. I'm I'm hungry. I'm this, you know, it's like my mom used to call me dog jaw when I let myself get too hungry and I would be snapping and it was like I just, you know, but when when you have things like the tools that I use, I mean, people see me making the protein loaves all the time and making our monkey bars and making the things. It's like no, because I need that stuff there. I can't I have to go in my fridge, grab a loaf, and know I have a protein loaf I can eat or I have these like different things that not only that not only are nourishing me, but they're satisfying me. There are a lot of things that we eat that after you're done eating, you're like, "Okay, that did not do it." So, you're like, "Great, now I'm hungry. I just ate like 700 calories and I'm hungry." Right? Like the old school bodybuilding type of diet that I used to do when I would be competing and before I understood that you didn't have to eat like that for the results, you know, it would be like rice and chicken and broccoli and it was like so boring. And then I'd eat my meal and I'd be like, "Oh, that this is so unfulfilling." You know, this was and as soon as after I invented devotion, I would make that I mean, I burned myself out of these after probably seven, eight years, but I was eating like three protein fluffs a day. I would make my protein ice cream and I would eat with my cereal. And that was like that was the treat that got me through the day cuz I would have these boring meals, but then I would have my protein fluff, my devotion brownie batter. And it's like those were things that I was like, "Oh, I looked forward to." And then they were the things that kept me away from the binges because I could fill my belly up. You know, I had to trick myself with because I was a volume eater and I make these huge salads at night and I, you know, how did I It's like when I wanted to do a binge instead, I would make this like gigantic salad. Like, I had to come up with these different ways to navigate around my food noise. So, I would want to want to want to eat and I'd be like, "Fine." And I would I would eat two pounds of vegetables at dinner. Like, I was filling my body just with vegetables where maybe somebody else was eating a huge bag of chips or doing things, you know, like that. Um, I was kind of using the healthy food, but I had to also, that wasn't healthy for me either. My mom would say, "You're stuffing your body with so many vegetables every night." And I would be distended and gassy. And I'm like, "Okay, this is no way to live either." And I did that for a lot of years. So, I had to then work on like, okay, how do I just, you know, eat like a normal person? I was, you know, it's a it's a I've been I love when you say that eat like a normal person, right? Because it it comes out like even I'm sure after all these years now where you now eat like a normal person, but it's like oh my gosh, like I eat like a normal person. Like I go out to dinner and I can eat what is not okay and like I'm fine. Like I'm fine. I'm not going to be triggered. It's okay. You know, I love when you post your you know because I think this all sounds positive, right? like I'm in control. You're in control. It's all great. Yeah. Every day is not like this. No. You know, life happens. Things happen. And I love when you post like, you know, where you had a problem with those whatever those crisps were and you were like, these things cannot stay in my house or or just I'm having a bad day and I didn't get my walk or I didn't get this. Like I think it's important to acknowledge like you I remember there was one day and this was a few months back. You I had had a like a rough day on the JLP1. like I had like a little bingch or whatever and I was like, "Well, I don't really like I ate like six Oreos and I feel like crap, but like why did I do that?" And I was like still in the process of figuring it out. And you posted something and you were like, you know, I overeat and you were like, "All right, no big deal." Like this is no longer life shattering for me like tomorrow. And I was like, "Wow, I needed to hear that in that moment." You know, and it it's like so refreshing because we we have to allow ourselves that bad days are no longer part of the obsessions. We're like, "Oh my gosh, I had a bad day. Now I'm going to spiral. Well, it's Wednesday, so I may as well just spiral till I can pick up again on Sunday." No, no, no, no. You can have like a moment. It's good. You should have. And you're able to do that because you educated yourself. So, you know how to get back on track. And that's the freedom because I have times I know I went on uh my brother's daughter had a they had a we had a birthday party. I ended up eating three slices of pizza. I had my mom and I are in the ice cream cake. Everybody ate ice cream and the two of us are sitting there with our forks just eating ice cream cake. Afterwards, we're both like, "Oh my god, what did we do?" And the thing is is I was like, "I'll be okay because I know how to get back on track the next day and I know how to go back to eating healthy." So like, okay, I had a screw up. like mom and I just lost control. Whatever. We just were having a time on this cake. But the next morning, I wasn't like, "Oh no, now what?" And oh, I'm I screwed up. I just got up. I went back to my I had my coffee. I put on my workout clothes. I took my dog on a walk. I got my car. Like, you just get back on. And that's where the freedom comes when you realize that little incident didn't break me. I I know what to do. I know how to just get back on. I think it's when we don't know how. Now you think, do I have to make up for this? Do I have to now be on the treadmill for three hours and burn off that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I ate? No, you don't. You just get back on and just keep on going because you didn't really fall off. You know what I mean? Like we just like we have we're allowed to do that pizza. Like you're allowed to have a piece of cake and a piece of pizza and you can have them in the same moment. Like it's really it's going to be okay. We're all going to be okay. Like nobody ever became fat from having pizza and pig one night at a party. like it's like you know but no you don't eat it every night and you know but it's because our brain was trained to say that those things are bad and they're off limits and we can't have them if we're on a diet and like that's just not true. So that's why with my kids like I'm giving them the gift that I don't do that like my girls birthday's this weekend. It's not like we're doing you know they're going to they want an ice cream cake. Great. You can have an ice cream cake. we can do all that stuff and everybody we're it's not uh you know that like and the kids will joke with me. I mean now the decisions I make um for Mother's Day like Bryce said to me I said well why don't you guys make dinner and Bryce said mom it's not going to be a salad and I was like that's fine Bryce like I eat and I tell her I eat those things because I actually enjoy salad and I love it and I have to make a conscious effort to get in my veggies like but then instead we all went out to Mexican and we all shared a massive nacho platter. I posted that too and we shared churros for dessert and and they were all laughing and like now they don't even say anything because they see like yeah mom does both. Mom can have her salads at night and she does all that but yet if we go out on Mother's Day I'm not not eating that too. Like we're going to have all that stuff too. I can't I just can't do it, right? No, of course not. Cuz your body doesn't need nachos every night. Like you definitely not feel good. But it's it's all about the balance and the sustainability of having, you know, like what I need to fuel my body, I think, to having less food noise and not being hungry. I I want the food if I'm in like I love Mexican food. Whenever you talk about I'm like that's my trigger. Like if I'm in a Mexican restaurant, I am eating the that guacamole. I'm eating the chips. I'm eating the tacos. I'm eating all of it. But if it's not in front of me, I'm not thinking about it anymore, right? And I'm thinking about what do I need to feel good? Because I didn't realize that I didn't feel good. Like even you eating a gigantic bowl of vegetables, but you didn't feel good because but I didn't realize it because I was so caught up in the brain fog or the crazy train of of the diet culture and the what I need to do is that I didn't realize I wasn't feeling good. Like I, you know, oh, I lost five pounds, but I feel like crap and I'm hungry and I'm cranky and I'm tired and I feel like nothing now. Like I I I gained like 08 this morning and I was talking to my daughter and I was like yeah you know it's funny I gained like eight ounces this morning. She looked at me dead in the face and she went mom that's a glass of water like yeah why are you even talking about that and I was like you know what I didn't even like listen to your kids sometimes like she put it in perspective like it's a glass of water. Oh my gosh I I fluctuate four pounds the be I was I like nothing. I mean, I had I still get my cycle. So, I had my cycle the other day. I was up four pounds and I can drop down three, then I can go back up two. It depends on how much salt I had. If I was sweating outside that that's the thing, the scale it's you got to let it some of those little tiny fluctuations. Oh my god, those fluctu the scale is just again a little tool that really should not really right. It's a tool to make sure it doesn't keep going in one direction. It doesn't like it's not really the main number. There's a lot of non-scale victories that we have to be Exactly. aware of. They're the most important. Yep. That's how I feel. Yeah. Well, I'm I'm so happy that we had this conversation and I'm so happy for you that you're feeling that freedom and like that breath of just like calmness that like I get it. I get it. And that's why I'm so passionate about um you know sharing my story. Um I feel like once you find whatever that freedom, whatever helped you get there um and whatever work you had to do, it's just it's a feeling that like when you get on the other side and you can speak about it, you know, like like how we're talking and it's there's no other feeling like it. It's like I want it for everyone, which is why I share my stuff and what I do and the realness of it where it's not going to be perfect every day, but geez, like there is life after, you know, struggling that you really can find this amazing place where you're just you can finally like relax and enjoy life. Yes, I agree. And I I want to thank you for, you know, first of all, I found you through finding your product. So I, you know, I was in search of a good protein, like not the crazy Fruity Pebble things that you find in the store. Like I wanted something that was really going to help me and the the versatility like the loaves the but my husband lives lives on the pancakes. Like he makes the big batch on the weekend so we can freeze them to take them to work. Like it's really become a staple in our house for so many things. Um I'm addicted to the caramel apple dip now like you know but it's it's it's just been and then I found your podcast and I found so much um strength through you and so much clarity and so much education right through listening to your podcast and your Tik Toks or your Instagram or just everything. So I want to I want to thank you for bringing that to everybody and especially for the GLP1 community like keep bringing it keep bringing all the negatives cuz people need to hear both. You need you need to be educated and everything is not, you know, rainbows in your I just want everybody to do it the right way. Health is number one. Without our health, um without muscle, without like all the longevity stuff, um and protein, that's why I'm passionate about my line. Like to some people are like, "Oh, you just sell a protein powder." I'm like, "No, this is this is a lifeline for some people." I my protein changed my life. Uh because it really is a big part of our longevity and aging and people need protein. And you know, for being realistic, it's not always going to happen through like another egg or chicken or whatever. Like some of us do want to have the pancakes and wanted to have those and that was me. So being able like that dip, I love it. You you just said the dip. I'm like yes, there are some days where I'm like I got to throw make a quick dip, cut up an apple and it's like great. I just got another 26 25 grams of protein, whatever with a little bit fit and I'm like happy as can be. I'm satisfied and but it's protein and that's you know that's and it's good. you're getting in your fiber. It's good. It's just you feel like you're eating like those terrible caramel apple things that you used to get at like the fair and yet you're not like you're really taking care of your body and giving yourself everything you want. So, I want to I want to thank you for that because, you know, that's been a big part of my journey. I'm I love hearing that. I'm so glad you found devotion and Yeah. And and everything. I mean, it was a no-brainer to to want to educate with it. I think that that's the key with um with the GLP1s with devotion with it's always just educating it's saying why and how to use it properly and why is it important you know so with the GLP1s um with protein it's like people need to know why and then they can use it to the use the tool correctly. Yes. Yeah. So I love it and I love just your story. Thank you so much for reaching out to me and being on the podcast, sharing your story, and I know it's I'll get a lot of feedback from people saying that your story helped them. So, I hope so. I hope so. So, thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you everyone for listening and we I'll see you next time on another episode of Until It's Done, a devoted podcast.

- Mastering Maintenance: Secrets from GLP-1 Success Stories: Kind: captions Language: en hi and welcome to the downsize dish my name is Lorraine Durham and if you haven't joined us before we are the channel where we discuss all things glp1 weight loss related I have lost over 50 pounds on compounded tepati and it's my goal to talk to as many people as I can about their weight loss Journeys with glp1 medications today we have a a little bit of a different downsized uh dish format we'll be talking about maintenance with uh two of our Watchers Susie and Lori but before we meet them I'd ask that you please click like And subscribe if you haven't already oh and please keep in mind that I am not a doctor I'm just someone who's lost weight on a glp1 medication so please consult your doctor before starting any new weight loss plan or medication first we have Susie welcome to the downside dish Susie or welcome back to the downsize dish I should say yes how fun is this super fun Susie tell us about yourself okay so and I always say where do I start so uh July 3 2023 I was 194 pounds and I took my first shot of 2.5 manaro one year later 50 pounds down July 5th 2024 and so now I'm in maintenance which means I'm taking a 2.5 dose of Mao once a month once a month okay once a month yeses okay during that year I I tried to I don't know about you but during that year I was really trying to figure out what why I overeat like kind of everyday psychoanalyzing and then how I'm going to do maintenance yes that was the first year the big question how how are we going to do um maintenance but I I've interviewed you before on the downsize dish so we know we know a little bit about you we know you've been on 2.5 I think the whole journey the whole journey the whole journey so you just consistently lost on the 2.5 I did I yeah I lost 50 pounds consistently doing two 2.5 for 12 months wow so uh I think we've you may have referred to yourself Susie as a super responder yeah yes if that's a thing yeah yeah yeah because uh just for people who were just joining us or maybe just learning about these medications uh usually the 2.5 dose of majo zip bound compounded tritide is known as the starting dose so it's the dose that your body is really just getting used to the medication some people lose weight on that dose and some people don't they have to go up to a higher dose uh but that's great that Susie was able to stay on it for the whole year and um so now she's she's trying to figure out this uh this maintenance journey and it is weird to see who can tolerate the 2.5 and then who has to go up because there doesn't seem to be any Rhyme or Reason to that I it there really doesn't some people I've heard say oh I'm very sensitive to all medications and those are the people who who bodies have a stronger reaction at the lower dose just I've just noticed antidotal um but you know everybody's different so everybody just has to kind of figure it out for themselves as they as they go along yeah all right and we also have Lori joining us uh hi Lori how are you today I'm good how are you Lorraine good thank you so Lori tell us a little bit about your journey uh my journey is quite different from Susie's um I've been on gp1s since the beginning of 2022 um I started on um OIC branded OIC at the beginning of 2022 was on it for about a year and a half and lost about during that time slowly lost about I would say 45 pounds okay after about a year and a half my insurance changed what they were willing to pay for and I was switched to saxenda which saxenda for me just was not very effective I actually gained some weight on saxenda and that was not acceptable no I gained um maybe like eight pounds something like that um and then at the beginning of this year beginning of 2024 insurance change again and I was able to get on majoro so started um on the um starting dose of majoro 2.5 and slowly went up to um I went to a total of 12.5 of majoro and that allowed me to get to kind of where I felt like I needed to be which was a total of 57 pounds lost excellent con started out at 22 Yeah so um so yes I was at 12 at the beginning of my journey I'm right at 155 now and I'm kind of where I think I need to be and um I've been like I said I got to the highest at 12.5 and I've starting to titrate down okay and what I'm trying to do is determine how low can I go what's the least amount of medication that I can um take and still have the uh absence of food noise because that is that's my driver is the food noise just drives me crazy yeah same so that's kind of where I am and that's my journey is determining where that's going to be um right now I've only gone down to 10 uh this coming week for my shot I do plan to go down to 7.5 and see because I I should say that also this year I started on majoro but then another Insurance formulary change and they weren't covering my my private was not covering the brand of mararo so now I'm using compounded tepati which is actually a little easier to handle during maintenance because you have a vial for your dose as opposed to the shot that Susie held up um so that I I can kind of switch things up a little bit makes it a little easier for me for that adjust your you can adjust your dose as you exactly as you wish huh oh talk about my maintenance he says okay well I was also going to say that uh we did an interview with Lori also on the downsides dish it was one of the very first interviews I think that we did right after we started the channel so um if anyone out there is interested in hearing more about Lor's journey I suggest that you can check that out um so okay so yeah so and then just talking about my uh journey I lost 50 pounds on compounded TR epetite I was on compounded the whole time uh our insurance didn't cover any uh weight loss medication so I went straight to compounded and I've done that now uh since the end of September of 2023 I hit my weight loss goal of 50 pounds in July so I've kind of been playing with my Dosa dosage since then I went up like Lori I went up to as high as 12.5 and then I came down to um came down to 10 I did 10 for about six weeks I came down to 7.5 I did that for about four weeks I said oh this is this is great I'm gonna go down to five I went down to five and all of a sudden danger danger Will Robinson like I just got the food noise back and so I went back up to um 7.5 and that's that's where I currently currently am and I've just been kind of bobbling around between a pound or two do you guys feel like you Bobble around I'll go like 155 then I'll go 156.25 4.8 and you know but I'm okay with that as long as I stay in this range where I still feel comfortable I you know it's okay yeah how about you Susie same yeah but I feel like you know my 50 pound weight loss was at 144 so like this morning I woke up and I'm 145.80 144 146 but it's a little bit of a freak out when you when you when I hit the 146 I feel like I'm just like back at it out of control so that's why you know when I talk about maintenance is a whole other thing it really it really is because two pounds is nothing it it's it's really so little and I guess I compare it to when I was losing weight or before I was even on a glp1 medication what that weight that really set set you off like for me whenever I hit 200 pounds it would be like I've got to do something right now like that was my freakout weight so now my freakout weight is more around the 145 I think I woke up this morning at 1:45 too Susie we went out for uh for dinner last night with some friends and I had a cheeseburger and a glass of wine and you know I I was up a little bit but I kind of expected it but then I wasn't really expecting it and then I was like ah dang it did I mess it all up am I am I gonna have to undo all this damage but I mean it's the variation is is small in the grand scheme of things and it's shocking how emotional that small variation is I don't know if it's just me yeah no I don't think it's just you at all Susie I think the three of us um I think we're all about the same age if I had to guess yeah 55 I'm 57 so um we've had our whole adult lives to be freaked out about our weight right yeah and been um had all kinds of negative emotions tied up with getting on a scale and looking at a number and so when you finally lose some weight and you feel like you've kind of made it had this achievement any kind of I guess it's sort of like backsliding seems like a complete an utter failure and again that's all part of this maintenance Journey as well is adjusting those thought processes so that we know that one pound it's okay just don't let it get out of control like it has in the past and that's where these medications are that tool so that you don't freak out in in my opinion right yeah that's a good point I'm on right now I'm on day 21 you know because I take my shot once a month and I'm I'm kind of starting to freak out I'm like should I take should I do it early I'm 145.80 yes let's let's talk about that well um on the other chat we did I talked about how I started out doing about two weeks apart yeah so this to me is is the month is more of a maintenance thing and also I'm trying to train myself I'm trying to train myself not to overeat I'm trying to train myself that you know that that two pound three pound flux is fine like there's so much going on right so that's I like the monthly this and also I'm paying for it out of pocket so yeah uh that yeah that that hurts that makes you think twice before uh uncapping that pen right yeah I I definitely understand that do you do you still track your food Susie you talking about training yourself to you still do track I'm doing like 1500 calories okay and Susie how tall are you I think I know the answer to that five six 5 six okay um so 5.8 no yeah and you work out a lot too right tell us about your workouts yeah um so three days a week I work out at the nest which is a trampoline cardio workout and they also have weights and then two days a week I work out at lip tonic where it's straight old uh weightlifting yeah so I work out five days or six days a week week that's a lot that's a lot Lori how about you any any uh exercise in your routine what I have found that my body most appreciates and I've been through all kinds of different exercise regimens during my adult life I've done everything from like crazy cardio like a maniac to lifting weights like a complete beast and I'm super strong which a good thing so if there's a rumble in the neighborhood you want me on your side but um now I have found that what my body most appreciates and what's best for me maybe it's my age as well um are bar classes um that's what really works for me and you get um because they have different types of classes they have the traditional bar they have ones where you have resistance training there's even like more yoga based things but that's what really works best for me and I just do it like three days a week I don't do anything crazy um I've done that before and I ended up with the tour meniscus and I really just don't want to do that again um and I've always been told you can't exercise yourself out of a bad diet um about 80 well what I've always read is about 80% of weight loss is in the kitchen yeah it's in the kitchen but keeping it off is about exercise and M you know maintaining muscle mass so that's that's where my focus is with exercise yeah that's interesting um I do some bark classes too I got big into bar I guess right when Co was at its peak because they were still open so I would do the bar classes there and I really enjoyed not I enjoyed the the slower slower pace of it the more focused on the muscle groups yeah um so maybe you found that too I still do some I do some bar classes I do some cardio classes I have a cardio dance class I do a step class so I I get bored and I want to mix it up all the time yeah so and I'm just lucky where the place where I go has a different class every morning at at nine o'clock so I just show up at nine o'clock and whatever they're teaching that day I I do so I'd like I'd like to do some more weightlifting uh like you are Susie so I need to I need to get kind of into that but I I haven't at this point so um it's fun lip tonic makes it fun because I think regular weightlifting if you just go to a gym and you walk around you're like what do I do with this yeah so it it's a it's a very organized class so I don't really have to think more guided through each each set of muscle groups yeah I would really like something like that um maybe I should move to New York City soon I wanted to talk about and I know no one has addressed this in terms of gp1s and women yeah and from where and I think it's our AG women we I or maybe not maybe it's just me but I grew up and like drilled into me like thin is beautiful if you're not thin you're not pretty and I kind of got that from my dad and so I thought hey when I lose all this weight I'm gonna be I'm gonna be like be faucet I'm going to be the hottest thing going but it's still me I'm right down and it's it's kind of a weird mindset to get around where it's like God I should be like really Sports Illustrated hot yeah I I know what you're I know what you're talking about because you know I lost 50 pounds and then I've got like saggy underarm and my stomach is like saggy and my inner thighs are kind of saggy and I'm like but hey I just I thought once I lost all this weight everything would be perfect and it's not you know it's such a it's just um you know and we are in our 50s you know so we're not gonna look like the swimsuit models or the 20s somethings um but look at Christy Brinkley she looks great yeah good jeans there right good for you Christie yeah good for her well and no shame in this but how much work as she had done yeah be honest because um when you are in the public eye like she obviously is she's she's got to have some stuff done and again no shame to that I'm I've had stuff done and I'm happy to discuss that here if we want to um but I think we also have to think about again since I I mean I was he I've been heavy pretty much my whole adult life up and down a little bit but always significantly overweight and so and when you're in that situation your skin gets stretched out and it's not going to go back it's not a rubber band it stretches and it stays out so to Lorraine's point when you look at you know you've got a saggy place on like I have this part of my arms are kind of crepy my inner thighs are kind of crepy um and that's just the way it's going to be unless I have an arm lift or a thigh lift which I'm really not planning to do I I could but I I'm just don't think I want to go there with it um whereas I think someone who has been thin and fit their whole life um their skin hasn't been stretched out so they're not going to have that sagging that I have I don't know what your thoughts what you guys think about that but lifting weights is really tighten this up for me yeah that's good I mean that's good I mean it definitely muscle can definitely fill out some of that uh loose skin so that's a that's a great that's a great um comment Suzy I think you know and back to the the thin person versus the heavier person so like Lori I've been overweight pretty much my whole adult life skin and I also had three kids so things you know things aren't going to be the same but I think it's different for a thin person who gets fat versus a fat person who has always been fat so you know what I mean like and I think even just they're maybe they don't have the food noise or I don't maybe it's different somehow do you guys have any thoughts on that what what I guess I don't know what you mean by a thin person who gets fat versus a fat person who's all gets fatter what do you mean so like you know I guess there's some people on gp1s who maybe haven't dealt or battled obesity and maybe just as they got older to middle age maybe went through menopause and gained 20 30 40 pounds okay and then went on a glp1 you know to me those those people might be able to come off the glp1 at some time at some point I don't know that those people have those that food noise and that or you know that drive to eat and that never feeling full feeling that that people with obesity that have battled it for a long time have do you guys have any thoughts on that I I think I know what you mean now for instance U like like I said I've been heavy my whole life I've always battled this food noise didn't know that other people felt that way as well as well as thin people like my best friend growing up was like a skinny stick and I never understood why she wasn't obsessed with things but she also ate enormous amounts of food and never gained weight so but that's a whole another conversation yeah that people are like oh no everybody's the same like no no no everybody's not the same everybody's metabolism is not the same you are not going to sell me on that um but again I've been one of those people I've always had this drive um on the flip side my husband um has gained weight just in the last probably 8 to 10 years and um I don't think and he's on a glp1 now but I don't think that he will be one of those people that will need to stay on it long term he just needs help and assistance in losing the weight and I think then he'll be fine so I think yeah speaking to your original comment Lorraine he might be one of those people that doesn't have to have maybe quote unquote a maintenance dosage whereas I think that I am one of those like Susie perhaps that um will need to have some sort of maintenance yeah that's that's exactly uh that's exactly my thought because you see a lot of people out there going oh I'm just I'm just doing these gp1s uh and to to learn how to eat right and then I'll be fine you know it's and maybe for some people that is the case but for me I feel like I will be on some form of a glp1 long term forever um who knows but I I don't feel like I'll ever go off of it do you guys feel that that way too Susie I think so I think if things get out of control I mean thank goodness it's there for us I mean but as I was kind of alluding to the the whole year of this journey I was trying to train myself like because I think I found out that my eating comes from stress I know when my kid over the summer was on his way off to college and I was going to lose him yeah I I was like going into the kitchen just getting little thing not like binging but a little thing here a little thing there and it was almost like metaphorically like filling a void yeah um so I think also if you know where it where your food quote noise is coming from maybe you can deal with more I'm not a doctor I know yeah yeah I I feel like this with on this medication I'm not driven to snack but I'll still wander into the kitchen just to see what's happening in the penry just to see what's hey guys sometimes I just want to have a little something you know and I don't I'm not hungry it's it's like a maybe a bad habit that's just carried over um and I catch myself going what there's nothing in this Pantry that there's nothing for me in here like what am I doing in here like get the heck out of here it's it's uh and that's I don't think that's driven by any kind of food noise I think it like you said maybe it's just driven by stress or a bad habit or I had also had a daughter that went to college um my baby my my tiny baby went to left me um but yeah so I can definitely uh relate to that to that Susie and Lori I know your kids have all are all in college too right yes well um they've both B uh graduated with their bachelor's degrees um and both of them are in graduate school now but so yeah they're we are empty nesters and I would definitely say that I am um driven my stress to eat however I have found because of the gp1s I eat a lot less so what before I might have gone into the pantry and gotten a something and just eat eat eat eat eat whereas now I might go in there and eat like two crackers and then I'm like okay now that's fine on two as opposed to 20 yeah that's I mean that's interesting do you think the glp1 stops you or do you think you more are more aware of what you're eating now if that Mak sense um I think it's a combination of the two yeah yeah here's test I got my kid those Halloween Oreos home for the weekend and I only had one last night and I'm on day 21 between my so I don't feel like there's any majo in my system right now so I was like good for you Susie yeah that's good that's an accomplishment so that's what I mean when I'm trying to like I don't know change my thinking change I don't know and I feel like mararo is help uh tepati is helping that yeah I feel like I can eat one like you said one cookie and not the whole sleeve and be satisfied with the with the small the smaller portion like and I don't know if you guys have this but I found like sugary foods that I really liked before don't give me the same kind of high or you know that kind Good Feeling from the sugar like I don't it's kind of tamped down so so I'm I tend not to keep going as much right you guys have you guys felt that at all totally yeah yeah and things don't have the same flavor profile for me that they did previously um things that I loved previously taste different The Taste is is a different sensation it's completely different um there's one particular wine that I love love and I still love it don't get me wrong but now when I drink a glass of it I don't sit there and just [Music] go it's not the same it's not the same it still tastes it still tastes good don't get me wrong but it doesn't taste as good as it used to and I guess when you're trying to control yourself that's a win for me yeah I found on the things that I liked the most before like wine or very sugary kbby desserts don't they don't taste as good I don't want them they don't taste they still I still want them they still taste pretty good but not so good that I'm driven to you know have a second or third glass of wine or a second or third doughnut like that little bit and then and I think it you know it's works on those addiction centers in your brain so the things that I really went toward kind of been cut off which I guess is I guess is a good thing right well they're they're testing it now for alcoholism I just heard on NPR the day y yeah they are it'll be really interesting to see how they can take out like the uh the what's the the component of not wanting to eat if they can take that out of it and keep the addictive component in the show Oh you mean for treating the alcoholism yeah so so there's no like appetite suppression but there's still the other I don't know yeah so would you give a skinny alcoholic tripati or semaglutide right I'm sure they they're dealing with right now yeah or is that's you know that's your satiety so is satiety can that be tied can that be tied to the pleasure Center which is activated by by addiction um can they somehow separate that out or are they one and the same is it satiety of saying I don't want another whatever your drug is or whatever you know more alcohol if you're an alcoholic or if you're addicted to some sort of um painkiller and they're using it for that I you know is are those tied that'll be that'll be an interesting thing to watch as they study these drugs definitely well I mean we're just finding gp1s are good for so many things I think when people come at me with well what about the longterm aren't you worried about the long-term effects of being on these medications what do you what do you guys say Susie what do you say to that well I say these have been around for a long time and I yeah that's all I say is these have been around for a long time and they're pretty time tested yeahor what do you think um I actually had this conversation last night with a neighbor we were at a football watching party um and I think there's so much misinformation about these medications out there uh much of it driven by social media uh much of it driven by the um I don't know if the two of you make make America healthy again that movement where all they want to do is sell supplements and like the fake glp ones all this kind of stuff um so I was talking to a neighbor and and she asked me that exact question you know what do you feel about the long-term safety I gave her the exact same answer that Susie did that these medications have been around for I mean GP ones have been around like 20 years this is not new but it's just people are just now hearing about it they've been around forever and she was like oh I didn't know that and she was then she says to me well you know this is a muscle wasting drug like yeah I've been hearing that around too it is not a muscle wasting I said anytime that someone loses a significant amount of weight part of that is going to be muscle it's inevitable right and if you have someone like me that that lost almost 60 pounds some of that is going to be muscle but during your weight loss Journey it's AUM incumbent upon you to minimize that as much as possible by as we were talking earlier exercise um someone who doesn't yeah they might end up looking like they have melted because they've lost muscle definition um so yeah yeah that's that's a whole other conversation about the misinformation about these drugs that's out there that drives me crazy um and again it's very much driven by I think the supplement industry because they want to sell other things yeah for sure for sure Susie you have thoughts on that well just um how you touched on the face thing I realized that I could keep going on monjaro and keep losing weight like I could get down to 130 I think we all could if we just kept taking it and going and going I think I think that's something that people are gonna have to Grapple with maybe in a year or two is that people are just getting so thin so I'm I stopped at 144 because my face was falling and um yeah my cheeks kind of sunk in a little bit like if I still had my same face that I had at 190 for I'd look great my mother would always say a little bit of fat plumps out the wrinkles and it it's 100% it's absolutely 100% right and um yeah I I had started noticing like this stuff a few years ago and had before my weight loss and had a consultation for a facelift oh and uh with with a do with obviously plastic surgeon and he wanted to do the whole enchilada face lift neck lift lipo here brow lift all this stuff and I'm like uh and at that time because of my weight I thought you know I don't want to do this because you know at that point I wasn't on a glp1 had never even heard of them and I Saidi don't want to do this and then lose weight and then have to do it again so um I had a face lift last year oh wow good for you a full face lift I had what I had done was uh lower face lift is this I had lipo in here and I had a necklift wow so not painful highly recommend it had it on Monday and on Thursday I was at my daughter's house for Thanksgiving went to a Clemson game on Saturday wow yes so um I had that done because my face it was It was kind of I felt like it was sliding off my face yeah now now that I look I still wish I were a little tighter right here but I'm like whatever it's so much better than it was I don't have a turkey neck anymore I don't have my my father's jows anymore so um yeah I I went for it I did it and I would do it again that's awesome um Susie have you had any any cosmetic procedures well I went to go see Dr Gerald Ember who's like a major plastic surgent to the Stars here on the Upper East Side of New York City and I had heard about the Nefertiti neck lift which is just Bo they just put Botox strategically in your neck to tighten it up that's all it's like I don't it's a weird name um so I went there and he he launches into well you could get this sucked out and then I could do and I'm like no I said first of all we have to pay for our kids college so see you in four years yeah I was like I just really want to try it really want to try it and so he goes if you want to know what your face is gonna look like look at your mom like that is what your Fai he said it's all genetic mostly genetic I guess unless you smoke your whole life and but so he did the he did it the Nefertiti and then he did I got this V being very angry sleeping during the pandemic uh so I have this V and so he did my v and he made me a little Spock like what but I'm really happy with this like really happy and it's an inexpensive thing if you're worried about your neck if you don't want to do the full meal deal that Lori did yet um I highly recommend it interesting I haven't heard of the the neck Botox yeah but yeah if it works that's awesome yeah and I guess you have to go to a good plastic surgeon who knows where to put it but I I feel better about it I feel better wearing low things and yeah well that's I mean that's really what it's about right is self-confidence and feeling good and feeling like you you like what you look like I went to a dermatologist a couple weeks ago and said you know I really I'm getting these forehead lines and she's like yeah Botox we can do you know you got to do it every three months every three four months and I was like yeah yeah yeah sign me up and I I did I sign I have an appointment for November and then you know coming back and thinking about it I'm like can I afford another on top of my monthly glp1 payments and my children in college do I really want to start another uh monthly thing so I don't I don't know if I'm gonna gonna go through with it but I re I really would um I would like to at some point I think I find that you don't really have to go every three months for you're right and it's it's everyone's body metabolizes the toxins differently um I usually can get four and a half five months out of a treatment um what I normally and I I just went a week uh not last week but week before and I had my um forehead because I have this really i' like right in here that I get the like a number one so I'm like some people get 11 I get a one so um I have this injected my forehead I do the um Crow feed and I still do the neck Botox because my plastic surgeon said that my the way that my the way that my lower face moves I put a lot of stress on this area and because of that I need to continue um Botox in the neck to keep from stretch in this out again or you talking yeah never talk again to shut up that's never gonna happen I can promise you that um so yeah so I had and they they injected into these latis muscles here and in the side here depending on how um because they they'll have you do this funny like to how did they do that to you Susie yeah so they know where to inject so I had that done as well fast yeah that's that's fascinating um while we're on the subject of like hair and skin let's talk about hair did you guys have any hair loss and how is that leveled out or not Susie did you have any hair loss yeah look how short my hair is now I had so much hair loss um so I just went to another I'm like I'm going to go the best so I went to this celebrity hairdresser who does Michelle William hair cute because I wanted like a feminine shortcut I didn't want to come out look like a boy yeah but yeah I'm really grappling with the um hair loss what about you Lori your hair looks amazing um well okay you have to realize I've been on this these medications a lot longer than the two of you so um I would say the year the first year that I was on OIC I lost my hair I have a lot of hair to begin with so that's going for me but you can see like this in here look how this is a lot shorter yeah than this down here my hairdresser does not cut this yeah this is what fell out and is just now growing back that mine does that too yeah so this is like this and it's other I mean so yes I lost a significant amount of hair um and I did talk to my hair stylist about this and he said anytime you lose weight a significant amount of weight whatever however you do it you're going to lose hair so it's not it's you know which came first the chicken or the egg it's not necessarily the gp1 it's the weight loss the weight loss triggers the hair loss right that's that's when I talk about like wanting to like I'm gonna come out of this looking so hot with long hair and now I have this like short pixie cut it's just cute though I mean it's very cute but you've got this short Chic super sexy pixie cut so it's all the way you spin it girl yeah yeah well I so talking about hair loss I feel like right in the middle of my weight loss is where my hair like started kind of falling out like I would brush it and get a lot and I like Lori have have a good amount of hair but I really feel like a lot came out and now I feel like it doesn't grow as fast I also hit menopause like month three into my journey I think it I think that's another whole conversation but I think it it put me it cleared cleared out whatever was causing me not to be in menopause at age 54 and I hit menopause so I don't know if the hair is related to the manaro the tripti or the whole menopause thing so I maybe got a double whammy there Lucky Me Maybe your hair looks great like have pixie cuts I I've never I've never been able to pull off the the short haircut like I just like like a boy I look like a man when I have short hair I cannot have short hair it's ridiculous I my face is too wide down here to have it I end up like I look like a big old pumpkin head I've always tried to like hide behind my hair like in the 80s I had like the massive yes the massive hair face you just see me here's Susie's face here she comes oh oh yeah but I guess getting back to the to the maintenance conversation like is there anything that you do now in maintenance maybe with your hair or your skin that you didn't do before um well with my skin I do a lot of vitamin sea oil I like it at night I put it on my neck yeah yeah Lori anything anything for you um I find with SK I've always been a big skinc care person U my mother started me on skincare when I was literally a child she was always into skin care um and I believe consistency is the key it you don't need to spend a gazillion dollars on Lam mer you don't need to spend a gazillion dollars on anything but you need to be consistent in whatever it is you do um and I find simpler is better um I do use a vitamin C serum in the morning and then I use sunscreen and at night um I do use um a hyaluronic acid serum and again a good moisturizer and I wear like I said sunscreen I need to get back to retina troan I know that is the key um it's difficult for me to use in the summertime because of being in the sun um but that's something I'm going to add back is trt owan because that's you know evidence-based skin care yeah but consistency I just when I went to the dermatologist a couple weeks ago she gave me a prescription for the Trenton noan and I've been I've been like is it working yet is it working yet and I guess it takes it takes you know some time and I'm like oh yeah retine I I used this when I was a teenager and had horrible acne so here we here we are here we are once again full circle once again U I think I think sunscreen is is very important and both of you uh I think mentioned sunscreen so I think that's key yeah um what are some other daily eating maintenance what are some of the things that you eat I guess on a daily basis that are for your maintenance routine do you have like a routine of thing things you eat Lori oh uh I don't have a specific routine I just try to be mindful of what I eat um I'm very careful about what I buy at the grocery store I try to stay on the outside edges of the grocery store as opposed and only go into the aisles when there's something specific that I need to buy like if I'm going in to buy a specific like rice quinoa Boulder whatever um but stay on the outside edges of the grocery store so that what we do have at home is um more nutritious food i d try not to call it healthy food I try to talk about nutritious food um and retrain my brain in that um like that we eat a lot of green vegetables and a lot of vegetables in general and less I I I try to stay away from simple carbohydrates um if we have um rice I make sure it's brown rice um if we have pasta I make sure it's a pasta like I like the burilla um plus pasta because it has more fiber in so I just try to focus on those kinds of changes that are more nutritious interesting how about you Susie so last we talked I told you how my go-to breakfast was an everything bagel with butter and two eggs and I only ate half the bagel then I thought that was perfect like a some carbs some fat some protein bang bang Bing well then I get my A1C back and it's 5.5 and I'm blaming the bagel have it at least five days a week so I've cut out the bagel okay I'm only doing the eggs now okay so so your thought is maybe the carbs were bad for you personally that was really the only thing that I consistently did uhhuh and I thought that's got to be it I mean I'm having this Bagel five days a week with the eggs so had your A1C checked again since you've cut out the bagel no because I have to wait three months okay you have to do three months that'll be interesting to see what your numbers that it was that high and you're on a glp1 I know monthly that's yeah well you might need to bump it up because of your A1C well but my a1c's never been high and that's that that's like the factor that I think I could pinpoint to being different from the rest of everything yeah that makes any sense so what's a high A1C is it five seven I think it's five let's see I'll Google that while we're talking okay because I've never I've never looked at mine I guess it's never been uh an issue so um but I mean it's always like 5.2 5.3 it's never been 55 okay so um A1C Target levels um normal is anything less or equal to 5.6 so you're getting close there with a 5.5 pre pre-diabetes is considered 5.7 to 6.4 and diabetes is anything 6.5 Plus so again I'm not a doctor but this is just from Dr Google um I'm usually I my A1C is has always been low it's in the low fours so oh wow but that's even before I was on a glp1 wow yeah yeah yeah that's interesting yeah that is interesting Susie that ears went up just that little bit uh and still on the mjara so I'm telling you it's the bagel well you know what i'm blaming it on the bagel you'll have to report back what's your next uh I think bagels are the worst kind of carbs from what I've been yeah yeah fiber I really miss you bagel and I love everything Bagels they're so good I know do you guys ever do the the special breads or the like the keto bread or the keto bread do so when I make a sandwich it's Nature's own um Nature's Own keto bread and um so that's how I make a sandwich and it's only one I think it's one uh one gram of carbs per slice of bread and it's not bad but you just toast I Toast My Bread make a sand if I make a sandwich that's what I make I have salad or something yeah toasting definitely uh definitely helps I don't know I just haven't ever been able to find one of those that I like I like the Killer Bread which I guess is oh yeah that's better it's still carbs but I'll get that sometimes try the Nature's Own again I'm not do not have any kind of uh affiliation with Nature's Own but it's a larger slice of bread um and if you get the honey wheat as opposed to the white it it just tastes like a normal slice of R but toast it okay yeah we'll have to check that out then you can make your make your breakfast sandwich Susie you could have that maybe once a week and well and you can sprinkle on the everything but the bagel seasoning yeah from Trader Joe's yes so good and they also have it at Costco and a big big bottle Shaker yeah awesome um let's talk about maintenance side effects did you guys have any side effects that disappeared in maintenance or went away any anything like that I've never had any side effects with these glp ones other than a little bit of constipation which I was able to manage so that has not been an issue for me thankfully and every time I talk to my doctor she always asked me oh what about your side effects like there are no side effects I keep telling you I'm fine so interesting Susie did you ever have any side effects you know it's that day two exhaustion ah um that has always hit me but other than that no not really do you still get the day two even on the on the 28th day really and it's a little worse too because I think my body's like wa ho hey what's this like we just flushed all that out and now you're putting it back in yeah yeah yeah I'd really like to get to a a two week apart dose or a monthly dose um I think probably after the first of the year I'm going to play around more with with that uh just thinking about the holidays coming up and what do I what do I do what what are we GNA do about the holidays girls yes no one knows about maintenance like where's our handbook where's the holiday chapter in the M yeah I I don't know like am I gonna well so I'm on 7.5 now I've got a colonoscopy coming up so I'm going to be off the medication for two weeks and then I'm going to go back on and then it's going to be Thanksgiving so I don't want to drop my dose for you know I don't want to yeah push my limits on the biggest eating day of the year and then you know coming into Christmas I feel like you know I'm just around food so much more so much more you know I can only say no so many times to to food and on that 12th how about this I'm GNA say okay uh so I feel like I need the glp1 help I guess through the through the holidays but beyond that I feel like I could play around a little bit do you guys have any kind of holiday thoughts holiday game plan I think um what you were just saying Lorraine is a really mindful way to think about it that the glp1 you need it because it's this is a tool and if you know that you're going to be under stressful circumstances like Susie you were saying you know that stress stress is a driver for you let's say we know we have something big at work coming up then don't reduce your dose maybe stay at a a dose that is supporting you and giving you that tool or if we know that we're going into a time of the year like the holidays Thanksgiving Christmas what we're going to be eating more maybe that's not the time to reduce a dose maybe that's the time to maintain so that you can allow this tool to give us the support that we need yeah but then I grapple with myself I'm like well why don't why do I need the tool like why can't I just get it together Susy Susy because we have the disease of obes it's a disease right right s if you were if you were fully if you had hypertension and you took an anti-hypertensive medication to bring your blood pressure down would you then say to yourself I need to go off of this blood pressure medicine because my blood pressure is right now is correct now why can't I just get it together so that my blood pressure stays down no I totally get that I'm just giving you like a little insight into the mind of me yeah no I mean I think I agree yeah I think for years we've put it on ourselves we've been told why can't you just diet and exercise why can't you keep your hand out of the cookie jar why can't you keep yourself out of the McDonald's drive-thru like it's always been a more moral problem or a problem of willpower or a just a failing that we have when now we know it's our brain and our gut are missing these peptides right and now we're taking them and our gut now can talk to our brain and say oh you're full stop eating and you know it you know I and I and I think it's really easy Susie to say oh you know yeah maybe you know yeah I'll try it maybe I don't need it anymore maybe I've learned and I think you know it's it'll be an interesting experiment to see especially as I space out my dose how far I can push that like 28 days that sounds like sounds like a long time for me I'd be I think I'd be scared like I I don't know I don't know if I could I don't know if I could do that so I really applaud you for for going those 28 days kind of just seeing how you feel you know it's just it's really it's been a fluctuation of literally like two to three pounds yeah yeah yeah which is which is what I think we all have on maintenance any day of the week anyway so yeah yeah um Lor did have you spaced out your dose at all Lori I instead of doing every seven days I usually do every nine days at this point and again I'm just I'm just playing with it we are the guinea pigs yeah right I mean we are yeah and we're like the New Frontier of what's next after after the weight loss um I've never I've never in my life lost this amount of weight and kept it off for this amount of time yeah and uh I know one of the things that we had thought we might touch on was when do you get rid of your fat clothes you know and I did that I've already done it I I got rid of them because I said I'm not going back and if it means I stay on one of these drugs for the rest of my life I'm I'm I'm willing to do that um because if you look around the people who are 90 95 years old they're not fat they're not big there aren't a lot of old fat people and I live that long yeah no we don't live as long if we're significantly overweight yeah um and want to be around for my children and grandchildren as long as I possibly can and and have a health span as as as long as it can be Health span is different than lifespan um so if I need to stay on this medication for the rest of my life I will because I'm willing to do that for my family and my children and grandchildren that's that's nicely put and it puts it uh a different you know on health which you know I get I I tend to forget about the health piece you know I tend to just focus on what size I am or what you know and so I it's it's always good to remember that yeah we're doing this for our health we're doing this for our children we're doing this to live longer you know people ask Christopher aren't you worried about the side effects he said well I was worried about dying from obesity that's a side effect of obesity so you know kind of just kind of just uh something else to to to think about for sure when I was heavier I was I was one of the I was kind of a a purple squirrel and that I was a healthy fat person yeah there was nothing wrong with me yeah um nothing I I was in menopause so I was taking a hormone replacement I do have um hypothyroidism so I was taking thyroid um but that's really it there was nothing I mean my my diabetes numbers A1 see all of that great I have personally I have no family history of hypertension diabetes anything in my on either side of my family tree so I didn't have any of those problems but what I was experiencing uh my LDL was starting to go up so I was concerned about that and I was experiencing problems with my joints like Mobility um my back was starting to hurt and I'm like I'm too young to not be able to run around and do whatever I want to do so yeah yeah same I was always a very healthy fat person never had high blood pressure high cholesterol I don't I don't even know I never even knew what A1C was until recently like I just it just never um I just it was never something I had to to think about and I I think back to the Oprah special uh that was on back in March and someone else was talking about that yeah they were always a very healthy fat fat person and they said well you know you can be a very healthy young fat person but it's G to catch up with you as you age at some point that that excess weight is going to start causing you a lot of problems with your joints with your back with you know my my uh cholesterol had kind of been inching up there too so you know I it's it's true I mean I think the the benefits of these glp 1's just way outweigh not being on them yeah so my motto these days is I'm training for 80 and you know you can say oh God I'm middleaged but I'm like no I'm glad I'm middle-aged and I'm training for 80 and my V2 Max is the best it's ever been it's like at the top of the charts you know I I said before I'm the old I'm the oldest person in every class I go to which is great you know you want to be able to not being funny you want to be able to fall and get up yeah you fall you want to be able to get up and keep it moving you want to be able break a hip yeah walk at a swift Pace you don't we live in a on a fifth floor walk up in New York City you know you don't want to be out of breath so many people that come here they're they come up they're like I'm like what like you want your lung capacity and your heart to be amazing and in Peak shape fifth floor walk up wow you do that with groceries wow I love it dragging groceries okay I go to I do grocery shopping probably every day so I love it it's walkable we're in the West Village it's darling it's quaint I love it it's a great way to live yeah that I mean that sounds fabulous I would I would love that personally I don't know about fifth floor walk up but you definitely definitely get it moving uh every time you every time you leave or come home for sure for sure um thinking about our our long-term maintenance Journeys do you guys um is there any anything you are like wanting to try out or test out or wondering about I mean just any thoughts in General on that long-term maintenance I'm just trying to determine as I mentioned before um slowly moving down in dose and kind of listening to my body listening to um the feedback I'm getting from my brain of how low can I go um and still be effective and still have a tool that prevents me from gaining my weight back and that's a journey that's just taking some time um and lorine as you mentioned maybe shouldn't reduce too much over the next couple of months since we're already in October um that was a point well taken with respect to the holidays and The Lure of all those yummy treats and food that are going to be out there so it's just it's a journey that um and again we're the guinea pigs yeah yeah Susie any any final thoughts there I've been thinking about micro doing maybe doing half of the 2.5 maybe every few weeks because they're also and we don't you don't have to touch on it today but for me there's like a happiness factor I don't know I feel hap I feel more in control after I take my shot I'm like definitely yeah such a a relief of like whe okay now I'm really in control ah interesting like to explore micro doing so how will you do that with the pen compounded you have thought about the compounded yeah yeah uh yeah the compounded is and I've heard people doing you know two two shots a week like a shot on Sunday and a shot on Wednesday like dividing their dose in half over over the span of a couple days um and I know that that has worked for a lot of people so that might be uh something to think about and Lori with your nine day like every you're on a different day of the week every every week I have to mark it off on my calendar yeah it's I mean I is that hard to keep up with how how has that been for you uh no not really I I use Outlook and I put it on my Outlook so I'll know it's a popup yeah a reminder shot interesting yeah I I would probably um forget honestly if I didn't okay if I don't write something down it's gone because I'm a woman of a certain age so that's why I have to put it on my outlet calendar so that I'll know okay because next week it'll be Friday this coming I'll have to do Friday because this past week it was Wednesday so yeah yeah Susie do you ever adjust your shot Day based on things going on in your world um you know I do it about once a month but I always do it on a Saturday I work out at 10:30 I do my shot afterwards and then I take a nap and then Sunday is my rest day oh yeah that's usually the first day when I'm really exhausted and then I feel like Monday I'm ready to go you're ready to go yes so you've worked that side effect that exhaustion into your into your life so you're prepared for it you can deal with it and and Lori with no side effects is I know doesn't matter yeah I'd say I'd say my I got really tired I guess at first and I don't really I guess feel that now I do still you know have to keep on top of the constipation with the Fiber Gummies and the you know the all that so I'm still still still going strong with that but um yeah other than that okay I have a PSA for other YouTubers that do glp1 talk nothing bothers me more than when they don't say and you guys are so good at this you start off saying the weight you've lost yes some of these gp1 YouTubers they're they're like I'm 90 pounds down and I'm like well what did you lose any this week that's why we're watching ah okay yeah that's that's interesting I think some I I almost quit saying the whole like starting weight current weight go I'm like are people gonna get bored with this but I I always want to know what what how tall are you how much were you when you started how much are you now you know how much did you Lo did you lose did you gain like what's that's that's the main things I always want to know so I always put that at the very beginning it's really appreciated because I think it gives us a point of reference like oh my gosh she's lost this much and this amount of time like there's one YouTuber who will remain unnamed and she was like I'm stalled at something like 89 pounds and then I guess she was getting like comments and the next week she's like I've lost 90 I'm like have you really have you really and then she didn't say what she started at what she is now so yeah we like the updates yeah well good I'll I'll keep that in mind yeah I've just been very transparent and I've just you know I keep everything on a spreadsheet so if I forget I just pull it back out and and look at it because I don't want to say we we did have a viewer who was um who noticed we said something different like than what we had before and they called a s on it and I was like oh wow people are really listening to these weights so um so yeah I just just very honest in all of my all of my journey because that's it just that's the way I am I guess oh we appreciate it out here yeah well good well good well thank you well thanks uh ladies for being on the downsize dish today struggling with maintenance trying to figure this out maybe we should do a you know like a followup again maybe a couple months from now and see uh where we've landed maybe after the holidays sure so yeah well thanks you guys for watching out there if you'd like to be on the downsize dish you can send me an email I've got a new email address it's Lorraine atthe downsize dog that's l a r a i nthe downsize dorg and I'll send you a link to our calendar you can sign up for a time super easy super fun hopefully so um and if you've liked this video I hope that you will hit like And subscribe to our channel here at the downsized and that's it for that's that's it for today oh and uh don't forget to check out our live show this week it's going to be on Friday at 7M We'll Be Live on YouTube where we take questions from our viewers and just kind of hang out for about an hour just talking to people uh about glp1 medications so uh again thanks for watching I'm Lorraine Durham for the downsized thank you thanks y'all bye thank you oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @TracieSebolt [4 likes]: I just rewatched this now that I'm in maintenance.   I'd love to see you ladies do another follow-up now that it's about a year later.   Do you have any plans for that? 😊
  2. @judibaumann4151 [4 likes]: Thin and fit all my life. Hit menopause and gained a ton of weight. Experienced food noise for the first time in my life. Hungry ALL THE TIME with no satisfaction even when feeling stuffed. GLP-1 life saver as I was in metabolic disorder and for the first time numbers looking bad. No things are turning around
  3. @chynnadoll1999 [3 likes]: Suzy has a great face for a "Pixie", and I love her glasses! She looks amazing.☺️😉
  4. @kathryndohring5481 [2 likes]: I only gained weight at menopause and after the loss of 2 of my children. I have been using weights my whole life. I have horrible food noise but I’m hoping it’s my adipose tissue talking to me and that once I get my previous state of health and fitness back, the food noise will stop?
  5. @MichaelJohnson-mh7mp: I know you did this a year ago, but thank you all for taking the time. I'm looking at starting tirzepatide at 280'ish and 6'2" and north of 65 years old. If I can lose over 50#, I'll be a happy boy.
  6. @momdigitaldiariesxoxo: Crazy, started 2.5 Mounjaro for two months and the scale was not moving, but after two months of no weight loss, i persisted and continued and then tada! 2nd week of 3rd month of 2.5 and now started losing weight wihout exercise! This stuff works!! Slow and steady. Im not thinkinh of dosing up!!
  7. @barbrogers2123: I was thin growing up (i THOUGHT i was fat and had food noise) and got fat when i was 26.  Then i got pregnant and gained 55 pounds.
  8. @barbrogers2123: What's a bar class? Lol
  9. @galejohnson8086: Working in critical care, when a tragic accident would come in I would hear, ‘why did this have to happen to such a pretty girl’ and such like comments.  Beauty holds more value in the public eye, unfortunately.  I am only 1 month in on Tirzepitide, and plan to stay on it long term for however many years I have left.
  10. @thereluctantzionistcooks2300: All 3 of you ladies look totally amazing. And Suzy, I so relate to the "why doesn't everyone look at me with awe and wonder now that I've lost all this weight?"
It's our cultural conditioning that we're supposed to suddenly look like a hot, sexy mama.
I have plenty of sag, but I did a tummy tuck and thigh lift. So happy I did!
And I agree, lifting weights and doing regular exercise will really help with the extra jiggle and body shape.
Keep on going! You're all doing great!
  11. @PAJArtStudio: Re: a1c Suzy can also slide up as we age, especially after menopause. Another thing to be aware of with measuring a1c….there can be a lot of fluctuations over time and unless you see a huge difference, it may have nothing to do with your bagel.
  12. @susanwittenberg1674: Suzy, im so glad you brought up beauty.
  13. @paulabridgeforth: Hi ladies,  this has been so helpful for me. I started GLP-1s in June of 2023. Im in maintenance.  I agree with all you are saying. What is great is hearing this from others l. What great community i have been bless with coming across  YouTube channel. Im 68 started at 201 lbs I'm a blk female . I now wt.140! Im still learning. Thank you. I'm hooked on DOWNSIZE. Trust me I'm a researcher and watch alot of folks. Love y'all!!❤
  14. @janethunt4037: This was incredibly helpful for me. Thank you, to all three of you, for sharing. Thank you for sharing that you have moments and maintenance where you are going to food out of stress but not binging. I did that yesterday and felt like I must be a complete failure. It showed up on this morning scale so I’m more motivated to avoid junk food today
  15. @AnaGonzalez-p7o: I love your channel, thank you both for sharing all this information and I would love for you to interview someone who gained weight after having a complete thyroid removed, wish is my case. Thank you again and lots of blessings to your family 💐
  16. @Celynthia: Christie Brinkley is a professional model and was gorgeous in her prime.  I would not use her as an example.
  17. @MrsPleasants: I started at 2.5mg and the food noise did not go away until I hit 5mg.
  18. @MargaretBuj_InterviewCoach: Loved this interview, thank you
  19. @childofthe80s9: Such a FANTASTIC discussion ladies 🎉🎉
  20. @McSleepersMagoo: I'm glad I found this channel. I began Mounjaro in July 2022. I weighed 288 lbs, and I reached my weight goal of 125 lbs in October 2023. I never had side effects and went up to 15 mg. I have been in weight maintenance since. I have been taking MJ, then now ZB, on a bi-weekly basis, and sometimes I will stretch it to every 21 days. My insurance doesn't pay for it, so I use the Eli Lilly coupon, which is still very expensive; out of pocket is $650. The high cost is why I stretch my doses out. I work an extra job to pay for Zepbound and the telehealth service. It's worth it because my health is very good now. I turn 58 years old next month, and I feel 20 years healthier.

- GLP-1s and Inflammation: The Missing Story! NEW RESEARCH: Kind: captions Language: en Most people think GLP-1 medications only start working after you lose weight. That the real change happens once the pounds come off. That everything is downstream of that number on the scale. But according to a major scientific review published on November 3rd, 2025 in the Journal of Clinical Investigation, that isn't true. This new research shows something astonishing. Your body begins reducing inflammation, real measurable inflammation, within hours of your very first dose of a GLP-1 medication. Hours. You don't have to start to lose weight to get the benefit of reducing inflammation. Inflammation starts decreasing within hours of your first dose of a GLP-1. And isn't that amazing? Hello and welcome to the Downsized. My name is Lorraine Durham and today we're taking a deep look at the science behind GLP1 medications and inflammation. I'm not a doctor. This is not medical advice. I'm just sharing some research that we thought you might be interested in. For as long as I can remember, I lived my life chasing an elusive goal weight number on my scale. Every Monday, I'd start my quest all over again. I did the restrictive diets, eliminating food groups. I did extreme exercise routines, running two half marathons and two triathlons. I counted Weight Watchers points. I measured out my coffee creamer. I tracked every bite, lick, and taste of food that went into my mouth. I pushed myself harder than most people ever saw. I could lose 20 or 30 pounds if I did all of these things religiously. But eventually, the food noise got the better of me and drove me to eat. Those pounds would creep back on and more. In September of 2023, Christopher and I started our GLP1 adventure together via a teleaalth. I was only slightly optimistic. It was expensive, and I hope I hadn't wasted our money. I've spent hundreds, maybe thousands of dollars on diet pills, potions, and plans over the years. And with those first few shots, I immediately began to feel the effects. I stopped thinking about food all the time. My body felt like it had stopped fighting itself for the first time in my life. I was losing weight consistently every week. I had lost weight a million times. But something about this felt different. My inflammation was beginning to fall, and I had never known what it really felt like to live without inflammation in my body. My skin has always had a redness that I could never get to go away, not with makeup or creams or lotions. And suddenly after starting this GLP1, my face didn't have that redness anymore. My joints and my hips stopped hurting. I don't know, something amazing was happening inside my body that I didn't understand. And there's something else I want to say clearly because I wish someone had said it to me when I was younger. Obesity is a chronic progressive disease. It is not a character flaw. It is not a lack of discipline. It is not a failure of willpower. and it is absolutely not your fault. It's a disease that's hard to manage regardless of the effort that you put in. What I did not know, what I wish someone had explained to me, is that obesity is deeply tied to chronic inflammation. When you live with obesity for years or decades like I did, your fat cells don't just store energy, they become metabolically active. They release chemicals that keep your immune systems alarm system turned on. This inflammation affects many different systems in your body. Inflammation affects your hunger, your energy, your metabolism, your blood sugar, your sleep, your digestion, and your ability to lose weight. You can't fix inflammation with willpower. You cannot diet away a disease. And you can't exercise chronic inflammation. Now, let's make sure everyone understands the medications we're talking about. There are four names most people hear. Ozimpic, WGOI, Mjaro and Zepbound. Ozimpic and WGOI contain simaglutide. Mjaro and Zepbound contain tracepide. Simaglutide activates one hormone receptor known as a GLP1. Drosepide activates two hormone receptors, a GLP-1 and a GIP. Think of it like this. So, a glutide uses one key. Tracepatide uses two keys. both open the metabolic door and different bodies respond differently to these medications. But here's the most important point for everything we're about to discuss. Both simaglutide and trespatide reduce inflammation across the body. Not just through weight loss and not just through glucose control but through direct actions on immune and metabolic pathways. Before we go deeper into that science, I want to say one thing clearly. I am not a doctor and this is not medical advice. Please consult your doctor before starting any new medication or weight loss plan. I'm sharing research and translating it in a way that makes it understandable for all of us. And if you're new here, I hope you'll click the like button for this video and subscribe to our channel, The Downsized. We publish videos every single day to help people understand their GLP-1 adventure. And now, let's get into this research and what they actually found. The research paper is titled anti-inflammatory actions of glucagon like peptide onebased therapies beyond metabolic benefits and this was by Dr. Chen Ki Wong and Dr. Daniel Ducker. It was published in November of 2025. This study is one of the most comprehensive looks we've ever had at how GLP1 medications reduce inflammation across the body. This study found that GLP-1 therapies have quote broad anti-inflammatory actions across multiple tissues. Meaning this is happening everywhere, not just in one organ, not just in one system, and not just a side effect of weight loss. The first big revelation in this paper is how fast these medications work. Wong and Ducker write that reductions in TNF alpha and IL6 have been observed within hours of a GLP-1 receptor agonist administration. TNF alpha is one of the strongest inflammatory chemicals your immune system produces. When TNF alpha is high for too long, you feel it in your joints, in your energy, in your sleep, and in your mood. It is one of the chemical signals that keeps your body stuck in a state of chronic distress. IL6 is another major inflammatory messenger. When IL6 is chronically elevated, people often feel brain fog, cravings, fatigue, emotional swings, and metabolic slowdown. And the fact that both of these begin to fall within hours of your first GLP-1 dose tells us something powerful. Your healing begins long before your weight changes. Now, let's talk about the gut because your gut is not just where digestion happens. Your gut is one of the largest immune organs in your entire body. Since 70% of your immune system lives in your gut, this matters more than most people realize. And hidden inside the lining of your intestine are special hormone secretreting cells called L cells. These L cells naturally release GLP-1. But the research shows something even more fascinating. These cells act like sentinels. Wong and Ducker write that L cells quote sense inflammatory signals such as LPS, IL1 beta, and IL6 and respond with rapid GLP1 secretion. In plain language, your gut is wired to detect inflammation and release GLP-1 to calm it down. So, when you take a GLP-1 medication, you're not forcing your body to do something unnatural. You're amplifying a system that already exists. You're boosting a signal your body uses to communicate with your brain, your immune system, and your organs. Systematic inflammation can result from local tissue inflammation or widespread immune activation. Sustained lowgrade inflammation can drive organ dysfunction and the development of chronic diseases. C reactive protein or CRP serves as a marker of systematic inflammation in the blood. GLP-1s were shown to reduce CRPS within hours of administration preceding any meaningful weight loss. The GLP1s gave direct anti-inflammatory action literally within hours. Let's move through the body organ by organ because the anti-inflammatory effects of GLP1s are not limited to one place. They happen everywhere. We'll start with the heart because cardiovascular inflammation is one of the biggest drivers of heart disease. Inflammation makes plaque more unstable. It irritates the arteries and it increases the risk of cardiovascular events. The research shows something remarkable. GLP-1 therapies reduce inflammation in the heart. Cardiovascular outcome trials show that treatment with GLP-1s reduces cardiovascular events in people living with type 2 diabetes and in people living with obesity. These benefits appear quickly after starting treatments in both groups, suggesting GLP1s are helping the heart before any weight loss occurs. Now let's talk about the liver because the effects of GLP1s on liver inflammation are some of the most impressive findings in modern metabolic medicine. In the phase 3 simaglutide trial for metabolic dysfunction related steep heepatitis 63% of people had complete resolution of liver inflammation and 0% had worsening fibrosis. Zero 0% got worse. Amazing. These medications reduced fat accumulations in the liver, lowered oxidative stress, suppressed inflammatory gene expression, and protected liver cells from damage. Next, the kidneys. The kidneys are incredibly delicate organs. They filter your blood, regulate electrolytes, support blood pressure stability, and keep toxins under control. And they're extremely sensitive to inflammation. In mouse models where the GLP-1 receptor is removed entirely, [snorts] meaning the body has no natural GLP-1 signaling, kidney inflammation gets dramatically worse. Wong and Ducker write that GLP1R mice develop more severe nefritis and diabetic kidney injury. When GLP1 signaling is restored, kidneys show less inflammatory infiltration, better filtration architecture, and improved cell survival. This tracks with the flow trial, which showed reduced kidney disease progression in people taking GLP-1 therapy. Now, let's talk about the brain because this is an area where many GLP-1 users describe changes they can't fully explain. Your brain contains immune cells called micro gia. When they're inflamed, you feel it in ways that don't always show up on a lab test. You feel it as things like fog, cravings, emotional spikes, difficulty focusing, or lower resilience. The research shows that GLP-1 medications reduce microal activation and decrease inflammatory cytoine production in the brain. This has implications for diseases like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. Although research there is still early and mixed, but even outside of disease, it helps explain why people describe a calmer mind and fewer intrusive food thoughts early in GLP-1 therapy. And how about your joints? Many people say their joint pain improves early in their GLP-1 journey, even before they lose weight. And the research explains why. GLP-1 therapies reduce synovial inflammation. That's the inflammation inside your joints. They also protect condondraittes which are the cells that make up cartilage. Condrictes reduce oxidative stress inside the joint environment. This helps joints glide more smoothly and reduces the pain caused by chronic immune activation. In a study of knee osteoarthritis with moderate to severe pain called the step nine trial, some glutide treatment led to a greater reduction in pain by 20 points over the placebo group. The contribution of weight loss remains unclear, but this study and others suggest that GLP1s may help with inflammation driven diseases before any weight loss happens. Your lungs also show benefits in preclinical models of lung injury. GLP-1 medications reduce inflammatory damage and support recovery. This is early research, but it shows how far-reaching the anti-inflammatory effects really are. And finally, let's talk about the immune system itself because this is the foundation of everything we're discussing. GLP-1 therapies influence the activity of macrofasages, monocytes, and te- cells, three of the most important immune cells in the body. They reduce oxidative stress, calm endothelial inflammation, and reduce activation of NFKB, which is one of the master switches that controls inflammation through the body. GLP-1 medications help your immune system calm down where it's overactive and function better where it's needed. And when chronic inflammation finally quiets, even a little, your body can do things it hasn't been able to do for years. It can heal. It can regulate hunger. It can stabilize energy, reduce pain, restore hormone signaling. It can respond to your effort. And it can metabolically reset. And now, for the first time, we have the research to show why so many of us could feel something long before we could see it. When you put all of this together, the heart, liver, kidneys, brain, guts, joints, lungs, and the immune system, a picture emerges that is so much bigger than weight loss. GLP-1 medications don't just help you lose weight, they help your body reduce inflammation across multiple systems. They help your metabolism communicate clearly again. They help your immune system stop sounding the alarm when nothing dangerous is actually happening. And for many of us, they help us feel like we're finally living in a body that can respond to effort rather than resist it. This is why so many people feel something early, not weeks later or months later, but sometimes within the first few doses. People describe clearer thinking, calmer hunger, more stable energy, less swelling, less joint pain, fewer cravings, a quieter mind, a body that overall feels less inflamed, even if the scale hasn't started moving yet. None of these feelings are imaginary. They're not placebo. They're not just stories we're telling ourselves. They are the physiological effects of inflammation going down. For some people, this is the first time in their adult life or even their entire life that their body isn't fighting them. The first time their biology feels aligned with their goals instead of standing in their way. And that's why this research is so important. It gives people something they've never had before, which is a scientific explanation for why they feel so much better. A framework that makes sense. validation they weren't imagining it and proof that something real is happening deep inside their body long before the scale tells the story. For everyone watching out there, I want to know what your experiences with inflammation have been like. Did you feel something shift early in your GLP1 adventure before the weight loss began? Did your cravings change? Did your hunger cues soften? Did your knees or your back feel different? Did your energy become steadier? How about your mood? And did your thinking feel clearer? When did your food noise begin to quiet? Or maybe something else happened, something small but undeniable that made you think, "Wait, this feels different." Tell me about it in the comments. We do read them. Your stories make a difference and may help someone else realize they're not alone in what they're feeling. This is how we learn from each other. And this is how we build a community around honesty, evidence, and lived experience. Here in the downsized community, we help people understand that obesity is a chronic progressive disease, one that affects every part of the body, and that the treatments available today do so much more than support weight loss. They support healing by reducing inflammation. Thank you for spending this time with me today. If this has helped you understand your body a little better, I hope you'll subscribe to our channel, The Downsized. You can also share this video with a friend who may be struggling with inflammation or their weight. We publish new videos every day and we would love to have you as a part of this community. I'm Lorraine Durham. Thanks for watching. We are the Downsized. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlixK12 [10 likes]: All my chronic pain and inflammation left my body first day i took zepbound
  2. @annebeck2208 [7 likes]: Another reason why this needs to be cheaper!!!!!  Never had food noise, never ate much...but tons of inflammation!!!!  I can't tell you how much this is helping!!!!
  3. @hypnosisforhappiness [3 likes]: Mounjaro completely cured painful chronic eye inflammation that I had for years.
  4. @user-ct9nh8np6e [2 likes]: On zepbound shot number 2 but on my first shot I had eaten normally during the day, took my shot before bed and woke up thr next morning literally 4 lbs lighter! Within 3 days my cortisol face looked like my own face again swelling and puffiness down everywhere and 10lbs down by first week! If that isnt inflammation going away overnight I dont know what is.. no idea what the inflammation is from started with peri menopause but wow the water weight that wouldnt budge literally disappeared over night.. i’m 3 days into shot number 2 and down 13 lbs so far sw 178 cw 165 goal weight 125 5’4
  5. @karenwillock7034 [2 likes]: I have had very severe colitis which of course is a inflammation in the intestines that was debilitating for years and what has happened is my very severe intestinal issues have been resolved. I also experienced all of the different joint relief Etc but I'm telling you the intestinal relief has been phenomenal.
  6. @SheriseMarie [2 likes]: My food noise was the first thing to go. My face looked so thin after week 3 on GLP1 even though I didn’t lose much weight at all. It was really exciting.
  7. @thedownsized [1 likes]: Get your Hume BodyPod today and use our exclusive Downsized code for up to 50% total savings! 👉 Use our Code: THEDOWNSIZED Link to purchase: https://humehealth.com//discount/THEDOWNSIZED?redirect=/pages/hume-body-pod&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=influencer&utm_campaign=THEDOWNSIZED
  8. @duchylocs [1 likes]: Hello Laraine,

This is my third time listening to this presentation in the last few days. It was the final push I needed to make the decision to start. 

I took my first ever dose of mounjaro 2.5mg four nights ago. I took it at 7pm at night. When I woke up the next morning at 5am, all the aches and pains I had been struggling to get on top of for years... 95% were gone. In ten hours!

I had been telling myself that I just needed to work harder, that when I lose weight then the pains will settle. So I walked until the pain in my feet made me stop. I did 10,000 steps a day for 3 months until I had to stop after developing horrific plantar fasciitis pain; hurt my shoulder doing pilates, snapped a tendon in my foot when I increased my gym sessions.

And let's not even go into all the changes in diet to trying to figure out what my body wanted (vegan, to low carb to intermittent fasting). Amongst all this, my weight kept going up over the last 15 years. 

And then my friend suggested mounjaro when I was wailing to her on the phone about how huge my thighs were getting after I'd restarted at the gym 4 months ago. Body scan showed both fat and muscle mass increasing.

That was it for me. I made the decision and then searched YouTube to see if and how glp-1 can help inflammation and I found this video.

Thanks for this comprehensive overview. I will be doing more research into it. But my body has already shown me that it is responding in the most important way: it is calming down 😊.


Keep up the good work. Subscribed ❤
  9. @daydreambeliever6603 [1 likes]: NO WONDER!  My pain levels are drastically lower in my shoulders and back. I’m able to do resistance band exercise and I’m out walking. Haven’t been able to do these things in 30 years!
  10. @Mimi75076 [1 likes]: A game changer for my Hashimoto’s.  Stopped eating gluten; started injecting Tirzepatide.  Down 43 lbs. No more BP medicine. No inflammation.  Never felt better.
  11. @beardy7124: I have awful arthritis and had to stop Zepboud due to the price going up in my insurance.  The arthritis is back with avengance.  I may have to suck it up and get back on my medication.
  12. @HM-ec5vi: Within hours of my first injection of 2.5 tirzepitide my joint pain went from a level 8 to a level 2.  I’m recovering from a knee and hip injury that had me limping for nearly a year.
  13. @michaelclanton1152: I started on name brand zep 2.5mg and used it for 5 months and had enough to titrate up using 2 pens after 2 months. My 4th,5th month were my greatest for less inflammation and I was speed walking for 1 mile and feeling energized. Wow that was a great feeling!
  14. @darleneanglin3651: Great video !
Thank you 🎉
  15. @homevalueglass: Am giving low-dos3 GLP-1 a whirl to try and help with body inflammation and wicked brain fog after 5 years of trying to recover from mold and Lyme. Will report back if any benefit
  16. @LauraHartman33: Been taking terzepatude 1 mg for 6 weeks.  CRP is within normal range, finally!!
  17. @crochetcate777: I absolutely LOVED this video! I KNEW I wasn’t imagining my inflammation reduction! I won’t bore with the details but I was in the midst of a prednisone flare (yes, it can happen. Been through it twice now 😢) My A1c had jumped from 5.3 in July to 7 in January…just 6 months later! My PA finally put me on Mounjaro and 8 of the 11 lbs it caused me to gain disappeared before week two of being put on the medication! I’ve lost 15 lbs total in 4 weeks BUT put a few back on since I’ve been feeling so much better pain wise (joints mainly) and been going to the gym with my son and husband. I’ve gained a some muscle which is fine w me 😊I’m excited to keep going and being active w/out a stupid fibro flare! It’s been YEARS since I’ve been able to do much at all without serious consequences. 
Twice last year alone I’d helped friends move and ended up in a serious fibro flare. Then, out came the prednisone which solved one problem but cause another. 
Now I’ve been on Mounjaro for 6 weeks and my joints haven’t felt this good in over a decade at LEAST. Still working on the super slow gut issues but getting there. 
I hope I have been of some encouragement to someone. The medication isn’t magic and isn’t for everyone but it sure has made a huge difference for me. Praising God for the results!
  18. @spring984: Excellent!
  19. @michelelovesfreedom: I ran in my teens, 30s and 40s and now I have inflammation and arthritis, plus now I'm 30 lbs over weight with  pre-diabetes even though I'm keto-carnivore (95% carnivore) I didn't want to take any pharmaceuticals, but I finally broke down and bought some. Hopefully it helps me. I should get it this week.
  20. @laurarobertson81: I really want to try these, but i just cannot afford it, since my insurance doesn't cover it. I hope it goes down soon. I have some weight to lose, but really want the benefits of inflammation reduction.

- Woman says she suffered a medical emergency after taking popular weight loss drugs: Kind: captions Language: en Millions upon millions of Americans have turned to prescription medications to treat diabetes and lose weight these glp1 drugs better known by brand names like OIC wovi and others are very popular according to Gallup about 15 million us adults say they've used these injectable drugs to reduce their body weight and some say those drugs can have serious negative health effects our senior investigative correspondent Anna Warner has been looking into that part of the story Anna good morning Good morning Tony yeah you know many doctors say these glp1 medications can offer dramatic benefits for patients but some patients say they've had serious side effects ranging from nausea and vomiting to needing emergency surgery even doctors admit they can't always know who might experience these rare complications like one woman from Pennsylvania diabetes is rampant in my family and I knew that that all plays with weight Wanita Gant struggled with her weight at age 62 she weighed 242 lb yet the most she could lose trying various diets she says was about 20 lb I almost felt defeated and humiliated I mean why couldn't I lose this weight then she saw ads for drugs including o her doctor agreed that because of her diabetes risk she was a good candidate for one of those drugs and prescribed her wovi and later OIC both glp1 drugs made by noo Nordisk how how were you feeling were you I was feeling fine I enjoyed the days that I didn't have to worry about my appetite I didn't you know have cravings I just felt like I was doing something positive for myself but several months later in October 2023 gant's husband found her on the floor unconscious this photo was taken by her daughter a nurse at the hospital where Gant was taken I had no idea what had happened to me doctors found parts of her large intestine had died it had to be removed then while recovering from surgery she went into Cardiac Arrest prompting the hospital to call her daughter to warn her her mother could die breaks my heart that my daughter got that phone call it's horrible underneath here is wanted to show us how she lives now with her colon gone she has a bag called an ostomy bag attached to her abdomen at all times to collect waste I had no warning that this was even a possibility she's now suing drug maker Novo Nordisk claiming its drug labels do not adequately warn patients and doctors about potentially serious side effects including gastroparesis or stomach paralysis and bowel obstruction gant's attorney Parvin Amino Roya it's put a lot of resources into marketing the drug hundreds of millions of dollars to expand the market get new patients for the drug but it hasn't spent that money on warning patients of the risk of gastroparesis ilas small Bal obstruction and the fact that these injuries can be severe even if it's in a rare case Novo nordis declined to do an on- camera interview but in a statement said the known risks and benefits of the medicines are described in their FDA approved product labeling the company wrote that the allegations in these lawsuits are without Merit and the company intends to vigorously defend against these claims many doctors do regard the drugs as key tools for patients CBS News medical contributor and kff health news editor at large Dr Selene gounder they are game changers in many ways and not only are they helping people uh lose weight control their diabetes but we're seeing uh Improvement in many medical conditions which are related to uh being obese or overweight but at the same time patients do need to be aware that there are risks those are not necessarily risks that are outweighed by the benefits in every situation A study published in October did find a higher risk of bowel obstruction and stomach paralysis for patients taking certain glp1 drugs for weight loss when compared with another weight loss drug combination those complications were relatively rare but study co-author Dr Mohit sodi says it's really important for patients to kind of put that into context that their individual risk May potentially be low but that doesn't mean it can't happen to them gance says she wants others to know about her experience this should not have happened happen to me it just should not have happened to me if it happened to me it could happen to you noo Nordisk also told us that semaglutide the drug sold under the OIC and wovi brand names has been extensively examined in robust clinical development programs and large real world evidence studies the company did not address our questions about the specific conditions that Gant says happened to her in court documents they've previously said that gastrointestinal symptoms are known and labeled side effects of these medicines the question being obviously raised by the lawsuits what they are contending is that the warnings were not enough were the labels enough that's the question that'll be argued in court probably at some point wow you keep hearing about all the benefits aside from weight loss and then you hear a story like that I'm just so it's so scary to think that it happened so quickly and with no warning that's what I'm trying to figure out what what happened there yeah I mean at least for Wanita Gant she said she didn't feel well the night before she told her husband I'm not feeling that great and then or so yeah she really didn't have that was my question did you have symptoms there something that warned you and she said no it's going to be individual for individual people and I think that what the doctors are saying and our Dr John leuk I think would say as well is that it's a question of sort of risk benefit ratio to some degree you know um as Dr considered rare what happened to her right relatively rare is is what Dr leuk told me relatively rare but 100% if it happens to you he put it on yeah all right Anna thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @lifeisanadventure75 [2 likes]: Do people not do any research on anything?  I avoid prescription drugs like the plague. When you watch the ridiculously "happy" commercials for pharmaceuticals, stop and listen to the rapidly spoken side effects at the end of the commercial .  Or read the fine print. I told my Dr I may be overweight but I will NEVER take these new weight loss drugs that are all the rage.  If my intestine went into paralysis and I stopped pooping that would be the worst thing ever. I actually have no sympathy for this lady or this lawsuit.  For friggin sake hold yourself accountable for your own actions, decisions, education, and knowledge about what you ingest into your own body.
  2. @osforge-org [1 likes]: Gastroparesis is extremely rare with semaglutides; in the last 10 years, despite hundreds of millions of users, there have only been two reported cases.
  3. @Kaail501st [1 likes]: I'm a diabetic My doctor and endocratologist prescribed me a GOP one I took it and this wasn't his fault he didn't know if taking them before and nothing happened but recently took one put me in the ICU 3 weeks later I started vomiting and uncontrolled diarrhea and was on the verge of ketone acidosis and pancreatitis again It put me in the hospital for a week and almost killed me
  4. @kdcrockett33: The side effects never said her insides would die.... They are liable... No Dr. would prescribe this if it said that... Nausea , vomiting & diarrhea is normal... Pay the lady 🎉🎉
  5. @95KIPPIE: Hey, wait a minute here I tried this medication for diabetes. It wasTrulicity . I couldn’t even take it. made me severely sick. And then everybody jumped on the Ozempic bandwagon, I can still see it like it was yesterday all this medicines just gonna be wonderful for us very overweight people, and then started prescribing it against the grain and for anyone. They didn’t realize what they were going to get, they still demanded the medicine. I’m sorry if you don’t do your research on this, you have to blame.!! Medications that were originally prescribed for severe obesity and diabetes, especially diabetes, has no business for everyone in the world, taking it. Now you have athletes, jumping on there, begging you to take it because they take it. Who the hell pays your bills people certainly not the athletes! What if you have to have emergency surgery, can’t be done! Stomach paralysis, that’s a bad one, the list goes on and on not to mention neurology, side effects, but still gotta have it because Hollywood says you’ve gotta have it you’ve gotta be this thin to ride this ride .  People, wake up and be smart for a change.
  6. @anneg9305: I had a ruptured bowel after taking Wegovy in October, 2025.  I had infections, severe sepsis, irregular heart rhythms, 72 hospital days (42 in ICU) and 3.5 months in rehab.  I also have an ostomy, my surgical wound is still closing, I'm on dialysis but I'm home now and recovering slowly but well.  I'm continuing my Mediterranean diet which contains enough protien and calories for healing and slow weight loss.    I was just like this woman - I don't remember the day before but everyone says I was fine.  I was constipated, saw blood in the toilet and called 911.  Terrifying for my family and friends and I still feel so badly about that, them being asked to say goodbyes to me.  I am grateful for my life, and to be recovering, there was no way of knowing, but I was well supervised and three different doctors reviewed use of Wegovy for me before I started, all who know my history.
  7. @Stargazer-lm5pn: People are just trying to take shortcuts to lose weight cuz they don't wanna do the work it takes. Losing weight is hard. I understand why people are running to it. I will never take this drug. I pity my friends that are on this crap. The corporations don't care that they are making you sick. In fact they are likely even making you sick on purpose.
  8. @blinkspacestudio8892: At this time everyone should know how dangerous these drugs are. Not a chance in hell would I inject myself with these things. Working out is hard yes but it beats ANY of these symptoms.
  9. @Bithi-j6d: This story deserves a more nuanced conversation than it usually gets. Medical emergencies are real and should be taken seriously, but the framing of "weight loss drugs" without context leaves out a lot. The vast majority of serious adverse events reported involved people with undiagnosed cardiac conditions, GI issues, or who were using unverified sources. That doesn't mean the drugs are risk-free, but it also means the risk profile looks very different for someone who went through a proper medical evaluation.

i started compounded semaglutide through formblends after getting bloodwork done first, and the intake process actually flagged stuff my regular doctor hadn't flagged in years. that kind of screening matters. the people who get hurt are often the ones who skip that step entirely.

The actual conversation we should be having is about ACCESS to proper medical oversight, not whether GLP-1s are dangerous in a vacuum. Desperation plus unregulated sources is the real danger combination here, not the medication class itself.
  10. @amynelson9147: I also ended up in the Er after the 1st dose!!!
Beware people...
Im so sick aand havent eaten in 4 days...even though the doctors have tried to reverse the effect and put me on meds to help with the severe stomach pain...ONE DOSE....
  11. @DeborahFinney-Greene10-vr5vx: Every person's body is different and has side effects like any other medication.
  12. @cassicampbell2043: This is extremely rare! Its only happened twice in hundreds of millions of users.
  13. @maryrye707: I really want to lose some weight, but I would be terrified to take this.
  14. @JudiCusumano: This woman is lying. As soon as these drugs gained popularity, I looked into it, and one of the side effects did clearly list bowel obstruction, so I chose not to take it. Besides, who in their right mind injects themselves with a medication without 1st reading tge side effects. Unfortunate what happened to this woman, but imo, she has no legal case
  15. @joshuagarcia662: It’s sad.. because they prey on the fact you’re tired of being fat.. but at the cost that you will be cutting your life short taking this either way you going earlier..
  16. @tramelparker2085: 😮😮😮
  17. @kathym6603: $2,000,000,000.00  in lawsuits are in the works.  This woman is not alone.  Google Ai says this:   As of March 2026, there are over 3,360 active lawsuits consolidated into a federal Multidistrict Litigation (MDL) against Novo Nordisk regarding injuries alleged from Ozempic and similar GLP-1 drugs. The lawsuits focus on severe gastrointestinal issues, including gastroparesis (stomach paralysis) and intestinal blockage, with legal experts estimating potential total liabilities to exceed $2 billion.
  18. @kathym6603: If you just look up how the semaglutide drugs work you gotta know that your body is not made to work that way.  Then research the side effects and you find out one of them is bladder cancer.  Of course separating the "real world" from the "gaslighting" takes some work.  Google Ai says:   After two years on semaglutide (Ozempic/Wegovy), unexpected long-term side effects may emerge beyond initial nausea. Key concerns include significant loss of facial fat ("Ozempic face"), increased risks of gallbladder disease, gallbladder stones, and rare but serious conditions like intestinal blockage, kidney issues, and potential vision changes (NAION).
  19. @KristyRudine: I've heard that GLP-1 or Semaglutide can cause blindness...
  20. @carolechenowith900: My sons gf was on ozempic and was losing weight but then her insurance wouldn't cover it after a time. She started having a hard time defacating and her gut was enormous and hard and  she had to go to the hospital.  I haven't asked her about it lately but I'm guessing it could have something to do with the ozempic

- How I Weaned Off My GLP-1 | Tirzepatide Weight Loss And  Maintenance: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys in this video I'm talking about how I weaned off my gp1 gp1 weight loss therapy is kind of the Wild Wild West and that we don't have a ton of research about what it's like to get off of it so I know a lot of us are relying on personal experiences I know I looked on the internet to see what different Physicians were saying about getting off gp1s and maintaining and what other people's experiences are this is just my personal experience on how I weaned off my glp1 and how I've been maintaining my short story is that I did six months on Compounders eptide in my first four months I reached my goal weight and lost 30 lbs I spent two more months weaning off of it during those two months I lost about four more pounds now I've been off of compounder eptide more than 2 months and I have been maintaining I haven't gained or lost any and I have continued my lifestyle changes that I made on my glp1 therapy which are a high protein diet intermittent fasting and regular strength training first why I decided to get off my gp1 I didn't have a history of chronic obesity or of diabetes I was clinically overweight and struggling with PCOS and I also have an underlying heart condition after I was done breastfeeding my second baby I was at a weight that I had never been before it felt very uncomfortable for me my heart tests weren't coming back great I was just really having a hard time kicking the weight a lot I think because of the hormonal imbalances that I was going through and I decided to seek a medical weight loss treatment over the course of my glp1 therapy I really felt like my body was healing I was seeing a lot more hormonal balancing My Cycles were getting better I got off the pill I got an IUD which I think helped I was also seeing metabolic healing through the lifestyle changes like the high protein diet regular strength training and intermittent fasting I was seeing my body respond to food a lot better so I decided with the help of my provider that I wanted to eventually get off the gp1 to see how I did and to do it slowly so I wanted to do a slow wean off I didn't want to shock my system by getting off of the medicine suddenly I wanted to get my body and my brain used to the hunger coming back and I just wanted to do it nice and slow and to just kind of ease into everything now in my four therapeutic months on my glp1 I was on the lowest starting dose so the lowest starting dose of tepati is 2.5 and that's where most providers will start you I stayed on that 2.5 the entire 4 months because I was regularly losing weight I didn't feel like I wanted to titrate up and potentially make my side effects worse I did have some side effects I had some nausea some GI upset some fatigue that kind of thing it was worse days 2 through 4 after my shot nothing unmanageable but it was uncomfortable and it did kind of interfere with daily life that being said no regrets about doing this therapy but that did play into my decision to get off I think making the lifestyle changes also helped me uh stay on the low dose and consistently lose weight now everyone's body is different there's nothing wrong with you if you have to titrate up to lose weight so when it came time to start weaning off I was really glad I was on the compound so if I was on name brands moero or Z bounds there really wouldn't be anywhere to go cuz I was already on the low dose but because I was on the compound I could take less so I was taking 1.25 mg and that was about 12ish units for me when before I was taking 25 units it took till like the second week of month five for me to really notice that difference and you know hunger did start coming back and Cravings kind of came back and intermittent fasting was just like a little bit harder but it felt manageable still I think through the high protein diet really helped with satiety and intermittent fasting helped me not um go over the calorie threshold I was trying to stay in usually you know if you have a day you go off here and there you know that's no big deal so month 5 I did notice everything was a little harder but it did seem manageable and so I decided month six I am going to do my half dose every other week now I probably could have gone down to like a fourth of a dose and just done like six units but I was already taking such a small dose that I was like you know what let's just do this every other week I knew that a lot of people in maintenance mode did their shot every other week so I decided hey this is just what I'm going to do and I will say I did notice a difference that month in month five you know it got a little bit harder on the half dose but I did feel like I still had like a little bit of help with the appetite suppression and everything and then month six like the first week after taking that half shot I still had a little help and then the week when I took no shot I was like okay I felt pretty on my own I have to really lean into my coping strategies and reel myself in and particularly I noticed around when I had my cycle that's when it was the hardest so that's when I had like the cravings and intermittent fasting was extra hard I recently read the book fast like a girl so I've kind of switched up my intermittent fasting I go a lot easier the days before I start my cycle and then the days after I start my cycle and the week after my period That's when I can try to do like those longer fasts to give my body that nice reset and then when I was actually done I would say after week two of no medicine I mean I was feeling it I was hungry or more but it wasn't overwhelming and it wasn't controlling my life like it kind of had been before I started this therapy I was just kind of having cravings all the time and always starving and like just felt like I was failing all the time cuz I really wanted to lose the weight but I just couldn't and it was just so frustrating everything felt more in control and I think part of it is definitely limiting my eating to eating window having significant portions of protein at every meal trying to have at least minimum 90 g of protein a day I usually go well over that that really helps with satiety and then also just giving myself like a little Grace around my cycle you know I've noticed if I go up a couple pounds while I'm on my cycle it usually just comes off within a week so I try not to sweat about that I try to in general give myself Grace you know if like one night I am just like really dying for like a few M&M's it's fine I just try not to do that again for like a week I've been sticking to my exercise routine I try to do Pilates twice a week and a whole body weight routine once a week and then every other day I try to just move my body by at least 30 minutes of cardio like walking or something that continued into month two I would say I'm doing pretty well still you know it's all harder than it was when I was on the medicine but it's manageable and I feel like I'm coping well and so far I'm really happy with my decision I'm happy that I did the glp1 therapy it really really helped me tepati is a wonderful thing but I'm also happy that I got off of it it's nice not to feel a little yucky two or 3 days out of the week I often would get like laded when I stood up which it's nice to not have that anymore also the cost my insurance doesn't cover this stuff and so it's nice that I don't seem to have to be on this long term so yeah so far I'm happy with my decision to do glp1 ther to wean off and then to get off of it that seems to have been something that worked really well for me now it won't work well for everyone everyone's body is different I know particularly people with chronic obesity and with diabetes will need to be long-termers but I wanted to share my personal experience in case it helps any of you I know that there's just like not a ton of information out there and now this is how I personally did it definitely talk to your provider if you're looking for a glp1 provider for some aglu or tepati or the name brands I highly recommend and my provider join Fridays they were just so supportive of my wishes and my plans and they have great nutritional and exercise support they're really easy to use they have some of the best compound prices you will find anywhere definitely check out join Fridays my discount code with them is Madison and I have a link to them in my description box thank you so much for watching my video I hope it was helpful in the comment section I would love to hear where you're at with your journey are you planning to be a long-termer are you planning to get off of it how are you planning to do that what is your provider suggested to you please give this video a thumbs up if you found it helpful and remember to subscribe if you have not already I will see you in my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichelleBlackChannel [21 likes]: This is such an important conversation. One thing a lot of women don’t get told is that the key to coming off a GLP-1 successfully is rebuilding metabolic stability before lowering the dose — not after.
In perimenopause and menopause especially, estrogen loss changes how the body handles carbs, insulin, cortisol, and hunger cues. When someone tapers without addressing these shifts, the appetite rebound, cravings, and weight regain can feel overwhelming.
But when women start balancing meals, stabilizing blood sugar, and rebuilding metabolic flexibility while they’re still on a lower dose, the transition off the medication is so much smoother. Hunger stays stable, energy stays steady, and the body doesn’t swing into survival mode.
It’s absolutely possible to come off a GLP-1 without gaining everything back… it just requires supporting the metabolism first instead of after the fact. So glad you’re bringing light to this — so many people need to hear it.
  2. @EgyptParis [11 likes]: I’ve weaned off using berbine and got a prescription for metformin to deal with insulin resistance. I have not gained the weight back I maintain a smaller appetite and eat mostly protein.
  3. @Willow-f9h7l [6 likes]: I’ve decided to come of MJ… I’m at 7.5 mg…. I taking it down to 5mg then to 2.5 and tapering off…. I lost 30 lbs and now starting to shed my hair more than I like.. So, I’m all set.. I’m gonna give it a break
  4. @JayPatel-gf9sc [5 likes]: I weaned off by gradual dosage reduction. Then I took the dosage every other week (for two months) I took the dosage every 3 weeks (for 2 months). 
After this I took the dosage every 4 weeks (2 months) then stopped!! Maintained weight. 
So gradual reduction over 6 months. I only needed to lose 30lbs overall.
  5. @simonegutierrez2118 [5 likes]: Thanks for sharing, please do a video on coping strategies 🎉
  6. @AndreasCrew [4 likes]: I started with Munjaro in July with 2.5  weight was 81 kg now we in October last 10mg then I should start with 5 mg I am weighing 65 kgs remember I train I throw up a lot if I see fatty food and I eat health it just wine that I drink more also I work a lot . I have muscle fat  my goal was to be 68 kg  only 3 months and I lost all these weight weeh I want after this last injection I maintain by 5 m every 6 weeks I always force that last dose on the pen to save cash . I do have headace and spin but I drink a lot of water and have vitamin c and collagen tablet
  7. @AnonV1997 [3 likes]: The hardest part is not to fall into your old habits. So much easier to grab chips and rot on the couch.

Been on Zepbound/compounded tirzep since sept 2025 and lost over 45-50 lbs. 

Still want to lose at least 5 more lbs but it’s been hard bc im 5’6 and at 145 lbs and still on 2.5 mg. Hunger is definitely there but I have enough suppression to make healthy choices instead of grabbing the closest snack. Will def get off of it some time this year if I reach my goal or come close. Been eating poorly in the last 2 weeks and am inconsistent with weight training due to being exhausted after my 12 hour shifts, need to get that in check before completely coming off. 

Glad to see you’re still maintaining your weight loss. Gives all of us hope 🫡
  8. @heididombroski4753 [3 likes]: Love the word manageable. Looking at my end game 10 lbs from my goal weight 145 lbs 5'9". Very helpful!
  9. @Dragonfly_magictarot [3 likes]: I’m grateful for this video ❤

I’m just overweight but I’m healthy otherwise .. my period is consistent, etc but I do have sugar cravings which are hard to curve. 

I’m going to start soon to kick start my weight loss journey
  10. @Bishbashbosh333 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for sharing, that's encouraging. I have only just started and my doctor insists that I use 2,5mg all the way. I am not obese, BMI 27,5. So in half a year hopefully I will be coming  off the meds. Will use your system! 🎉 You look fabulous 😍
  11. @lucretia9383 [2 likes]: I just started semaglutide 3 days ago and am already noticing changes in my appetite and food intake. This is super helpful as I am also in the same boat: after having my baby, my weight just didn’t come off. I’m a former personal trainer and powerlifter, so I know how to eat well and exercise. I just need some help now after having kids. Your video sounds like exactly what I would do! Thank you
  12. @HollyPetts [2 likes]: How did you do with the inflammation? Along with the weight loss I loved the inflammation that disappeared! I’m getting ready to go off Tirzepatide and I don’t want the inflammation to come back
  13. @tiffaniethomson7897 [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing! I’ve been on a compound semaglutide since November and have only gone up once from 15 units to 30units and lost my goal of 32 pounds. My story is similar to yours where I was just struggling to lose the weight, but I was doing everything right in terms of diet and exercise. This was totally a miracle drug for me and removed all the inflammation in my body, which I think was my blocker.
I am wanting to taper down slowly similar to what you described, because I think I will be more successful if I gradually decrease the medication and gradually increase my calories to allow my body time to get used to it so I can maintain this weight loss. My provider, however, does not want to taper me down they don’t recommend anything less than 15 units. I’m in the middle of a back-and-forth email conversation with my provider to try to figure out a plan to taper off the medication. Thank you again for sharing. This was super helpful and I’ll probably do something similar.
  14. @DensUm: This is so good Information because I just found out about my PCOS and my Dr. Want me to start the compound version but I don't want to be on it my whole life
  15. @LulaBoyd: Trying to wean off now .  I do notice it’s helped my anxiety unfortunately  .   I’m on 7  every week right now .
  16. @greeneyes7612: How many calories do you eat to maintain?
  17. @somerset6646: If you were able to get off your GLP-1 without recurring food noise or hunger, you're very lucky.
  18. @markkremser: status after 1 year?  were you able to maintain the loss?
  19. @KarenDavis-zn8tv: Did you deal with weight problems for many years or was it just after your pregnancy?
  20. @LadWhoReacts: The most honest review ❤

- Episode 9 -Jaisa's Story | The Weight Loss Decoded Podcast | How GLP-1s Changed Her Life #weightloss: Kind: captions Language: en I want to welcome you back to the Weight Loss Decoded [music] podcast GLP Edition. And on today's episode, we are going to talk to Jessa Bishop. And she's just a GLP patient just like you guys. She's one of my patients that I work with. And we're going to have a conversation with her about perimenopause and menopause and that struggle and why she decided to start using a GLP. And she's going to share the good, the bad, and the ugly about it. So, let's have a conversation with Jessa Bishop. So, I would like to welcome Jessa Bishop to the show. I'm so happy to be here. Thank you for helping me. You're so welcome. So, tell me a little bit about what led you to this moment. Okay. So, I mean, it was kind of one of those pivotal moments. I was at a concert with my family. I think I told you the story. And I was at a concert with my family. We went backstage and I took a picture and I sent it to everybody and I couldn't believe how big I had gotten. And and I get it like it's bad lighting. It's fluorescent lighting. And it's like midnight. But but I was like, "Oh my gosh." Like I had let myself get so um so out of shape and and not even realizing it cuz you know, just life catches up and I was stressed and you know, not eating well and working so much not working out. So, it definitely caught up to me. I got to like over 180 lb which for me is a lot cuz I usually I mean, on a good day I'm 140. So, that's 40 lb overweight. Yeah. And how old are you? How old are you? I'm 48. Okay. So, 48, 40 lb overweight. So, we know it's even harder to lose the weight once we get into our late 40s, early 50s. Are you perimenopausal, menopausal? Do you know? I'm like to not I'd like to not face it, but probably perimenopausal. It's one of those things you're like, "Oh, do I have to say the word? Uh probably perimenopausal um and uh it's just it's harder to lose weight. Like I last year I was swimming like a mile a day, like literally like a mile a day um cuz I'm a swimmer and I was able to keep my weight at bay and then when I wasn't swimming a mile a day and I would just go swim like half a mile every few days and and do walks and work out, the weight was coming on and not coming off. So no matter what I was doing, it wasn't working and I was even eating healthy. I hard I mean, when I say I was eating bad, like I'm not eating super, you know, But you weren't eating french fries every day. Like I'm not eating french fries every day. apples and chicken and Yeah, like I I I mean literally maybe have some pizza every once in a while, but literally usually it's like salmon and it's good food. I don't eat junk food. I don't eat Yeah, it shouldn't be this difficult to manage our weight. I'm not saying lose weight, [clears throat] but it shouldn't be this difficult to manage our weight. You shouldn't have to swim half a mile every other day or 3 days a week. And um I know I met you like through some mutual friends and I was talking about how much I love GLP-1s. So despite all the negative things that you had heard about GLP-1s, what made you want to do it? Okay, I literally couldn't lose weight. Like I I no matter what I did, I'm like I was I felt like I felt a failure. I'm like I've been an athlete my whole life. How the how how is this not I can't lose a pound. In fact, I'm gaining weight no matter what I do. I want I'm getting to 180 lb for me was it was like I was that big when I was pregnant at the height of my pregnancy, you know, obviously 18 years ago. Like that I was 180 lb. I'm like this is how big I was, but I couldn't lose it. It kept coming on and I was getting kind of freaked out. I'm like no matter what I'm doing, it is I'm gaining weight. So this is it's a hormonal shift. Obviously our bodies change and so it's not it's not totally me. I and I was working I was trying, but it wasn't working. And so when I met you, I was like uh I was scared at first. And we talked about it for a few months. And I was like I don't want to do it. Like I want to do I want to do I'm a athlete. I can do this on my own. And then I'm like I can't do this on my own right now. For the first time in my life, I needed help. And so I was happy I was like okay, I'm going to do it. I was so scared. In fact, when I got my first dose, I was like I'll just do half a dose. I think I told you this. I did half a dose of it instead of like 0.25 I did like 0.12. And I lost 3 lb on 0.12. I'm like what the heck? And I said I was I always say this. Like people are like is compounding real? Yes, compounding is real. The reason I know compounding is real is because I have people like you that are like I'm not hungry. And I'm like you've got to eat. And you're like yeah, but I'm not hungry. I'm like but you got to eat. Like I know that compounding is real, and I know the pharmacies we use are good because of stories like yours where you're like I even cut my dose, and I still lost weight. Yeah, I was half a dose I lost 3 lb the first week. I was like this is amazing. It probably was water weight. I don't care. It made me feel like >> our GLP-1s are anti-inflammatory. So you are losing some water weight, but you feel better after the first week. So who cares if it's water weight? Okay, I want to talk about that, too, because I think it's important. I not only lost weight my first week and and going forward every single week, but I immediately felt psychologically better. And I don't know what the what is in there. My mind was sharper. I was like I can do anything. I can go do these deals. Like I can write this, you know, this script or whatever. Like I my mind was fast and but and like happy and healthy. And I'm like I feel like I felt 20 years ago. Like I feel like I'm in my 20s, and I don't know what they do in there to make what was wrong with my hormones and what it cleared up. I don't know what, but I know that I feel amazingly better, and I'm really grateful >> talk about this in our podcast interview with Dr. Megan Moore, and she talks about this as well. This is something that we are consistently seeing with our patients is that it improves their sleep which also is improving their cognition but also it's neuro anti-inflammatory which improves cognition. So we're seeing people micro like doctors functional medicine doctors microdosing GLP-1s for cognition. We know that it's helping with Alzheimer's and dementia because there was a new study that was just released that was put out by Eli Lilly about it. So we know that there's a lot of other um other benefits of it but I love these anecdotal stories that you guys tell me about like hey I was only on it a week and I'm so much sharper now cuz that's what how what I experienced. Yeah I I'm really curious to see what they end up finding out as they do more research because I cognitively feel I felt immediately immediately within a day a difference and and I've been on it now for what almost 3 months and and I have and I feel amazing. I've there's never been a day where I have I have gone mentally backwards. You know what I mean? I've always constantly kind of moving moving forward. Are you on semaglutide or tirzepatide? Tirzepatide. Okay so great. >> liking it. Yeah. And so you're almost at 3 months and what is your weight loss to date? I have lost over 20 lbs. And I it it remember I I was like even though it said to do the full dose I was doing like okay I'll do a little bit less. Which is great. We want you to do less not more. If you're losing weight on less there's no reason to go more. So I so bonus it'll last a little bit longer but also >> [laughter] >> bonus but also I but also I I wanted the weight to not be super fast because I didn't want to have that like people talk about like the Ozempic face. I'm like I don't want Ozempic face. And I've seen women and friends I've seen people who have gotten it. So I'm like yeah no I'm going to take it at a pace where I don't >> of our celebrities have gotten Ozempic face so yes I we see them all over TV and we're like especially the real housewives we're like oh it happened way too [clears throat] fast. Yeah. >> fast so I'm like I kind of I've monitored I say, "Okay, I'm I'm losing like a pound, 2 lb a week. This is good." Like 3 lb like but but Jacep, please say that again. I lost one or two, maybe 3 lb a week and that's good. Most people are like, "If I only lost one or two pounds a week, that's not good." I'm like, "It is incredible. You've not been able to lose weight for the last 2 years and you're consistently losing one or two pounds a week. That's amazing." And not And by the way, that's me not really exercising. So, let's be honest here. Like I mean I If I added exercise, it'd probably be more but I've just been so busy that it's like I'm throwing in like 20-minute walks um every other day. Like Well, you also travel a lot. Like you're on an airplane every other week. So, that alone is adding so much stress to your body and you're still losing weight. And I'm still losing weight and and so um yeah, so I'm I'm I and I want I like that pace. I didn't want to be more like I said and my face is staying full and nice and I like that. And it's like, "Okay, I I don't look like I'm starving and and and everything." So, um I'm yeah. And um if you had any advice that you could give any of our listeners that are interested in starting their GLP-1 journey, what would that word of advice be? Um the word Don't be scared. Um you know, I had zero side effects and I'm I'm the person who gets side effects with absolutely everything they do. Like I'm so sensitive I can't even take an aspirin. So, I was like, "Oh, how is my body going to react?" Um I've had zero side effects. In fact, it's only been a positive mentally and emotionally. Like I feel balanced emotionally and mentally. So, um I mean I'm always mentally balanced, of course. >> I cannot say that I'm always mentally balanced. I'm happy you're doing it for both of us. Yes. So, so I would say don't be scared and it's it's um I mean like I've I've had zero side effects and it's only been a positive and um uh yeah. Amazing. Well, Jacep, I want to thank you for telling us a little bit about your personal journey. I know it's a very vulnerable position to share like, oh, I gained 40 lb and I'm like with that. So, I am so appreciative that you signed on with us today and I can't wait to hear the end of your journey. So, I hope you come back and tell me all about it. >> I will. I will. Thank you so much for having me. Thanks for helping me. I really appreciate you. You're so very welcome, Jason. I want to thank you for tuning in [music] to the Weight Loss Decoded GLP-1 Edition Podcast. My name is Sharon Polsky, your GLP-1 Fat Fairy, [music] and if you liked today's episode, if you could please subscribe, like, and share with your friends, that would be great. [music] I also want to remind you that these are just the opinions of myself and my guests and should [music] not be interpreted as medical advice. Until next time, ciao for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rakibhasanrimon77: The conversation with Jaisa is incredibly relatable, especially her insights on avoiding 'Ozempic face' by managing a safe pace at [07:22]! Your hosting is excellent, but the channel layout feels incomplete without optimized links to convert listeners into your patients. Even worse, having zero video tags is completely blocking your SEO, keeping this high-value episode stuck at just 22 views. Let me know if I can share the quick fix

- Ozempic in the ER: Side Effects of GLP-1 Receptor Agonists: Kind: captions Language: en should I take medications like OIC or wovi or manaro are questions that I get asked quite a lot and it's easy to see the upside to these medications they're extremely effective for weight loss they probably have some cardioprotective effects but it's much more difficult to quantify the exact da size to these medications how common are the adverse effects what are the potential pitfalls to these medications so I wanted to do this video on the top five adverse effects of the gp1 receptor Agonist that I see walk through the emergency department doors and before we start in I want to say that none of the following is medical advice you should always consult with your own physician before making any health related decisions that brings us to adverse effect number one of the glp1 receptor Agonist which is nausea and vomiting this is extremely common when first starting out these medications and it's common when experiencing a dose increase these medications the glp1 receptor agonists are mimicking a molecule that's normally produced by our gut after eat called glp1 or glucagon like peptide one that's secreted by part of the small intestine in it goes throughout the body and it signals to our brain that we are full and it also signals to our GI track that it's okay to slow down and the general theme of this is that we want to decrease our intake of food and fluids we're kind of in an oral intake rejection mode and that's why people experience nausea and if they continue to eat their normal intake during that time they may experience vomiting as well sometimes the nause and vomiting are transient and sometimes they're lasting and require discontinuation of the medication or dose adjustment but both of these can lead into the second adverse effect which is dehydration occasionally leading into acute kidney injury so when we're in a oral intake rejection mode we're becoming slightly dehydrated or in some cases more profoundly dehydrated and if we don't punish those fluids then the plasma compartment of the blood which is primarily composed of water will decrease in volume so how does dehydration relate to the kidneys well the kidneys normally secrete waste products into the urine in a concentrated form and from a chemical or diffusion perspective you can think about this as trying to roll a boulder uphill you're going against the normal forces of nature or gravity and it's the same thing in the kidneys is trying to secrete or concentrate waste products into the urine but when our plasma volume becomes lower and lower the kidneys have to do a couple more things number one they have to try to decrease the amount of water that they excrete into the urine to save the plasma compartment volume of water and they also increase the gradient that they're working against usually the way that we'll identify an acute kidney injury in the emergency department is an increase in a couple metrics called creatinin and bu and both of those are inversely related to renal function that brings us into number three adverse effect of the glp1 receptor Agonist that I see walk through the emergency department doors and that is starvation ketosis so normally these medications cause people to decrease their calorie intake and when people decrease their calories particularly in carbohydrates they start relying upon ketones to fuel basic functions like brain function now the problem is that in certain individual if you have a very high quantity of Ketone bodies being produced that can actually lead into an acidosis or what we call keto acidosis this can occur particularly in diabetes and is usually resolved with hydration and Insulin but occasionally in the emergency department you'll see someone who's on one of these medications who's had decreased po intake for a long time and it turns out that they're in an acidotic State their ketones are very high and typically what you have to do is slowly reintroduce food and fluids IB hydration supportive care and it usually corrects itself but it can be dangerous for some individuals this brings us to the fourth adverse effect of the glp1 receptor Agonist that I see walking through the emergency department doors and that is muscle wasting and not for the reasons that you might think I did a video on this a while back and I'll link to that in the description describing the I would say medium quality evidence on the link between glp1 receptor Agonist use and muscle wasting but I'll say that from a clinical perspective the patients that I've seen who seem to be struggling significantly with muscle wasting while on these medications almost none of them are on a regular strength training program or any kind of other prophylactic program to prevent muscle wasting that would also include things like protein intake and keeping track of how much protein is in the diet making sure that that is elevated as much as it needs to be to prevent muscle wasting this is critical important because without strength training regularly and without an adequate supply of protein the kind of caloric reduction that is induced by these medications is a recipe for muscle wasting so that's very important and finally the last adverse effect that I see walking through the emergency department doors while someone is on the glp1 receptor Agonist is depressed mood so there have been plenty of studies in the past showing that when someone is in a significant caloric deficit their mood decreases and that can in fact lead into a significant depression the mechanism here is not entirely known but it likely has to do with a reduction in energy expenditure through reductions in metabolic rate and the thyroid now those are my top five in decreasing order of frequency that I've seen in the emergency department but I will include an honorable mention here because it's talked about so much and that is gastroparesis so gastroparesis is included as a side effect of these medications it is a known side effect what makes it difficult to tease out in some of the research is that gastroparesis is also a known complication of diabetes and because diabetes is the end stage of a spectrum of metabolic dysfunction it's possible that some people develop gastroparesis like pathology earlier in their disease than others I have seen gastroparesis in the emergency department in patients who do not have diabetes but are primarily taking these medications for weight loss as an indication so that's important to know about as well with that thank you so much for listening if you want to support this channel the very best way to do that is to hit the like button and the Subscribe button if you're on Spotify and are able to head over there I'll leave a link in the description to leave a review or a rating it helps so that the algorithm can pick up the channel and share it with more people so with that thank you again and we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @stanbalo [3 likes]: Just do fasting and call it a day. Free, saves you money and naturally resets your system and eating habit. Be wary of drugs in general
  2. @sondram.5218 [2 likes]: My diabetic friend was on Ozempic for 2 months. She struggled with the side effects. Suddenly died from a flu virus, but I am convinced the side-effects from Ozempic, combined with the flu, are the reason she is no longer with us. She was 66.😢
  3. @eupdate9323 [1 likes]: You forgot  DEATH
  4. @EllamiArt [1 likes]: Do you have patiënts who experience heavy migraines? Almost every day I have them since I started with ozempic.
  5. @frellinghazmot4443 [1 likes]: My mom is currently fighting for her life in ICU. She has been hospitalized since February and originally omitted to the hospital due to her inability to eat food and undernourishment because she's been on 10mg/15mg of Mounjaro for 3 years. They found acute decompensated heart failure and acute kidney failure WHICH she recovered from. Her heart and other organs are fine but she's on a ventilator because she has pneumothorax and mucus build up. She lost over 120lbs on mounjaro and it came to a point where she was bed and chair bound because she was too weak to get up because she had severe muscle wasting. She became confused, lethargic, extremely agitated. She was only able to eat around 200 calories a day. The doctors and nurses can't figure out why she keeps having fluid and mucus build up because her heart and organs are fine. They've never seen a case like this which leads me to think this is some how a catalyst from taking Mounjaro. That it affected her brain and GI in a way that she's no longer able to function on her own.

Please can you respond to this comment or send me a message. I'm actually kind of desperate.
  6. @traceynorthcutt2549 [1 likes]: Also not mentioned. Vision loss & severe indigestion. The indigestion prompts antacids. Antacids inhibit the absorption of important nutrients and vitamins  .  This happened to me after 8 months of use.
  7. @ShoutOfCoffee: Yeah... all this or you could just eat less
  8. @markperri3548: I dont care to follow big pharma dosing. Low and slow dose wins the race.and protein and hydrate people.and eat.
  9. @nabila666-g8i: the ER framing is actually useful context that most GLP-1 content skips. been on compounded sema through FormBlends for about 8 months and knowing the difference between "normal GI stuff" and "call someone" would've helped me a lot in month one.
  10. @aquamarinekaykb1986: you can get side effects from any medication , side effects even exists from Panadol. It’s not uncommon. I’ve been watching so many videos of success stories and no long-term side effects. If the people on these drugs do the right thing eat proper foods, exercises do weight training drink plenty of water you may find they won’t get any side effects at all or get any damage. All this fear over diabetic drug that’s been around for years and years and years.
  11. @sumaiaak68: The muscle wasting point is underrated and i dont see it discussed enough. lost about 6 lbs of lean mass before i figured out protein had to go WAY up. been using form blends for compounded sema and my provider flagged this early, which helped a lot.
  12. @sweetbabypie: Ozempic gave me permanent heart palpitations.
  13. @RoseBergania-g6r: the muscle wasting section at 4:16 is what more people need to hear before they start. i dropped weight fast the first couple months and didn't realize how much of it might not have been fat. once i added resistance training and hit closer to 1g of protein per pound of bodyweight the composition shifts felt completely different. i get my compounded semaglutide through formblends and honestly i wish someone had flagged the muscle loss risk upfront instead of me finding out from an ER doc's youtube video months in. the starvation ketosis piece was also new to me, hadn't connected low calorie intake with that risk at all.
  14. @ShirleyB.Bise11: the gastroparesis and ileus risk was the part that genuinely surprised me when i researched this, most people only hear about nausea. been on semaglutide through form blends and slow titration helped me avoid the worst of it, but this video is a good reminder that pushing doses too fast has real consequences.
  15. @RIPMILLER: Ive been on Zepbound for 1 years. Zero side effects.  I have a low immune system from anti rejection meds for a kidney transplant.  My kidney function has remained the same during that year. Ive had 2 cases of bacteremia in 4 months this year. Both were bacteria from the gut. A scope of my stomach showed a lot of fluid in my stomach that was suctioned out. I had nothing to eat for 48 hours before the scope. Was told my stomach lining was too thin. Could Zepbound be causing the bacteria to get into my blood?
  16. @treefrog123a: They are going to put it in food
  17. @treefrog123a: Two meals a day with proper natural calories(no manufactored food products)
  18. @Bithi-j6d: the part about gastroparesis and gastric emptying delays is something i really wish my provider had emphasized upfront. i was using compounded sema through formblends and the nausea i had in weeks 2-4 made way more sense after watching this. the slower gastric emptying is genuinely the mechanism behind so much of it. staying upright after eating and cutting fat/fiber on dose days helped me more than anything else honestly.
  19. @janefinn7639: These meds also cause thiamine wasting/ deficiency which may also cause nausea, vomiting, and gastroporesis.
  20. @citygirl9615: I was on mounjaro 2.5 mg as a newly diagnosed diabetic, after the 6th dose I developed pancreatitis and eye problems(which I didn't know) Mounjaro is even stronger. My GI doctor said I'm not suppose to go on any of those. Since then I have been on a product that's keeping me slim and controlling my blood sugars.

- 22 Investigates: Potential dangers of GLP-1 medications: Kind: captions Language: en Pat Delahanti has seen incredible weight loss since using GLP-1 drug Zepbound to control his appetite. >> Honestly, it's not hard to lose weight when you're not hungry. >> Pat turned to the once a week injectable after suffering a heart attack in his early 30s. And years later, a blunt warning from his doctor. >> Essentially, he said, "You're probably not going to die of old age. You're going to die of another heart attack." >> He is excited to have lost 40 pounds in just a few months. >> Would you say it's been a game changer for you in your life? >> Absolutely. I could have no no matter how dedicated I was, I don't think I could have walked off 40 pounds. >> GLP1s reduce your appetite and food cravings by mimicking a hormone in your body that impart can slow digestion and gastric emptying. It's prescribed for weight loss and type 2 diabetes and demand has skyrocketed. It's estimated more than 15 million Americans use GLP1 medications. What people fail to realize is not just about weight loss cosmetics, but this class of medications called GLP1s will really introduce an entirely new approach to healthcare in America over the next decade. >> Dr. Jesse Say is board certified in family medicine and lifestyle medicine. He says he's seen an almost 99% success rate with his patients using GLP1s. And when we treated them with this, we've been able to take away um their medications for blood pressure, cholesterol, sugar, um remove people from the list for joint replacements, significantly improves quality of life, help with sleep apnnea. Uh so it's not for us just been okay, here's the medication to lose weight and look better. It's a lot more about making you healthier. >> But it comes with a catch. It is a major game changer. It already is for the people who know how to use it properly. If they don't do it right, they will get complications. >> The most common side effects include nausea, stomach pain, constipation, diarrhea, and vomiting. But there are possible serious side effects as well. Ompic and other websites list possible thyroid tumors, changes in vision, kidney, and gallbladder problems. Lawsuits have been filed against GLP-1 makers Eli Liy and Novon Nordisk, alleging the products can cause gastroparesis, a paralysis of the stomach, and other gastrointestinal injuries without adequate warnings. Both companies deny the allegations. Doctors say believes a big part of the problem is not the drug itself, but how it's being prescribed. Here's this drug that's central to liver, kidneys, brain, pancreas, muscle tissue. And so, yeah, it's a very powerful drug that's complicated. It's been around for a while that requires a clinician who is trained to use it to prescribe. >> He urges you to have a proper consultation with your doctor for a full check of your medical history and any possible risks. be cautious when using compounded GLP-1s, which are copycat versions that don't have FDA approval. >> They just don't know where it's coming from. They have absolutely no idea what's in it, how much is in it, and where it's coming from. It's that simple. >> And he says nutrition and exercise are key to avoid muscle loss, weight regain, and other side effects. >> We say that GLP1s are training wheels. They're a tool. They're not the cure. The cure is you to learn how to eat differently, uh, how to have different habits, how to have different ways of thinking about food. >> Pat overhauled the way he eats and now makes healthier choices and exercises. >> I was ready and I was behind it and I knew that, you know, I was going to make this work. It was time to make it work. I wanted to see my grandkids graduate from high school and uh, so I was really going to follow the rules. >> He says it's been worth it. I'm not going back where I was because it's too hard to get where I'm at. >> Dozens of attorneys general, including in Indiana and Michigan, have joined together to call on the FDA to do more to crack down on compounding and counterfeits of these drugs. Spokesperson for the Indiana Attorney General's Office released this statement to us, saying in part, "GP1s are certainly something the office is aware of and paying attention to." >> Thanks for watching. Here's another story you may like. and subscribe to the WSBT22 YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VickieSorenson [9 likes]: They should not be freely advertising these drugs on TV like the miracle cure for all of these diseases and extreme weight loss. Stomach paralysis., ileus, gi blockages and more are very serious side effects. Now they’ve come out with drugs in pill form and are pushing them on tv. They aren’t just a tool here and aren’t used short term. Celebrity push by Serena Williams  ,Oprah, and more is shameful . People die from their usage.
  2. @Stuart-j2c [8 likes]: Most serious side effect is going blind. Not worth the risk.
  3. @sk-md4sg [4 likes]: Sponsored by drug makers and corrupt distributors!
  4. @bigcat2520 [4 likes]: Needs recalled. Dangerous drug.
  5. @robertsquared2916 [1 likes]: It also reduces your muscle mass and weakens your bones so when you plateau after 2 years you get fatter. I also don’t like how the doc said oh it’s been around awhile.. yeah for diabetics.
  6. @Bithi-j6d: real question though, how many of these "dangers" are actually about misuse vs the medication itself? been on GLP-1 through Form Blends for months, no drama when dosed properly.
  7. @Ons_personnel: GLP-1 medications are definitely becoming part of mainstream health conversations, especially with more public figures speaking openly about their experiences and results. While they can be effective for weight and metabolic support, long-term success still comes down to nutrition, movement, and sustainable habits alongside medical guidance. FormBlends can also help support balanced nutrition, energy, and consistency throughout the journey.
  8. @aquamarinekaykb1986: People die from other side effects of other medications, metformin has side effects, blood pressure, cholesterol medications have side effects
  9. @MariaMirabelaMyMounjaroJourney: If you know to adjust the dose and are being monitored by a professional, it does have a lot of benefits! More than having your vital organs covered in fat, for sure! 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6MgY7yfh-9EvBGvjgwHbEQ
  10. @sumaiaak68: One thing i'd add for anyone watching this: "speeding up metabolism" is kind of a misleading frame, and it took me a while to understand why nothing i tried was working long-term. the real issue for me was appetite dysregulation and what people call "food noise," that constant mental chatter about food that makes eating at a deficit feel exhausting. been using compounded sema through Form Blends for about 7 months and down 44 lbs, and the biggest change wasn't my metabolism, it was that the mental noise just... quieted. protein and resistance training still matter a ton for preserving muscle through the process, but addressing the hunger signaling piece first made everything else actually sustainable
  11. @Helicon-bithi: the dosing journey matters as much as the drug itself. started low through formblends, slow titration made all the difference for side effects.
  12. @MaryRose-j9k5e: been on GLP-1s for about 8 months and one thing this video doesnt mention: pancreatitis risk is real but rare, and the nausea people drop out over is usually avoidable with slower titration. i get mine through FormBlends and titrating gradually made a huge difference.
  13. @poppy_seed_muffin: The sound is fucked

- Understanding risks of GLP-1 weight loss drugs: Kind: captions Language: en CONVERSATION POLICE SAY PARENTS SHOULD HAVE WITH THEIR TEENS. >> WELL, THEY'RE REFERRED TO INCORRECTLY BY MANY AS SIMPLY OZEMPIC, BUT NEW WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS HAVE SO MANY NAMES, AND WE'RE ALSO LEARNING THEIR IMPACT GOES FAR BEYOND JUST WEIGHT LOSS. >> YEAH. YOU KNOW, THIS MORNING OUR DOCTOR FRANK MCGEORGE WALKED THROUGH THE MANY BENEFITS OF THESE DRUGS. WELL TONIGHT HE'S BACK TO BREAK DOWN SOME OF THE NEGATIVES. >> YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT, KAREN AND DUMONT. SO THEIR ACTUAL NAME, OUR GLP ONE AGONISTS. NOW THEY'RE SOLD UNDER BRAND NAMES LIKE WEGOVY, ZEP, POUND AND SAXENDA. NOW WITHOUT A DOUBT, THESE NEW INJECTABLE WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS HAVE REVOLUTIONIZED WEIGHT MANAGEMENT. AND THEY HAVE A WIDE RANGING BENEFITS ACROSS THE BODY. BUT THEY ARE NOT HARMLESS. AND UNDERSTANDING THE POTENTIAL RISKS AND SIDE EFCTS IS ESSENTIAL FOR ANYONE ON THESE MEDICATIONS, OR JUST CONSIDERING THEM. >> WE DO SEE NAUSEA IN UP TO 40% OF PATIENTS, AND WE HAVE SEEN SOME PATIENTS HAVE TO STOP THE MEDICATION BECAUSE OF THE SIDE EFFECTS, DOCTOR BRIAN HENRY, FORD, HEALTH GASTROENTEROLOGIST, POINTS OUT. >> INTESTINAL PROBLEMS ARE COMMON. >> THE BIGGEST, AND ONE OF THE MOST THAT I SEE PATIENTS FOR IS WHEN THEY EXPERIENCE SYMPTOMS THAT ARE RELATED TO THE GLP ONE EFFECTS ON THE STOMACH ITSELF. THE GLP ONE ACTUALLY DOES INHIBIT GASTRIC EMPTYING, WHICH MEANS IT ACTUALLY SLOWS DOWN YOUR STOMACH. AND WHEN YOUR PROCESSING FOOD, THE PATIENT OFTENTIMES HAS SYMPTOMS. AND THOSE SYMPTOMS MIGHT INCLUDE NAUSEA, VOMITING, BLOATING, ABDOMINAL DISCOMFORT, AND FULLNESS. >> AND THAT'S WHY HENRY FORD HEALTH CHAIR OF ANESTHESIOLOGY DOCTOR MICHAEL LEWIS CAUTIONS, IF YOU ARE ON A GLP ONE THAT NEEDS TO BE CONSIDERED BEFORE ANY SURGERY OR PROCEDURE, BECAUSE IF YOUR STOMACH IS NOT EMPTY, IT PRESENTS A RISK DURING THE PERIOPERATIVE, DURING ANY PROCEDURE YOU'RE HAVING. >> BECAUSE WE GIVE DRUGS TO, DECREASE CONSCIOUSNESS AND INHIBIT THE, THE PROTECTIVE REFLEXES THAT EACH OF US HAS TO PREVENT FOOD MOVING FROM THE GASTROINTESTINAL SYSTEM INTO OUR LUNGS, WHICH COULD BE OBVIOUSLY A DEVASTATING EVENT. >> DOCTOR SUKI SINGH, A HENRY FORD HEALTH OBESITY MEDICINE SPECIALIST, SAYS THERE ARE OTHER, EVEN MORE SEVERE POTENTIAL PROBLEMS. >> THERE ARE RARE CASES CASES WHERE YOU CAN HAVE A HYPERSENSITIVITY REACTION TO THE MEDICINE MAY HAVE AN ANAPHYLACTIC REACTION TO THE MEDICATION, OR PANCREATITIS IS A SIDE EFFECT, THAT'S WHEN WE CAN'T RESTART THAT MEDICINE AGAIN. AND SO THERE ARE INSTANCES WHERE THE MEDICATION IS DISCONTINUED BECAUSE OF A MEDICAL SIDE EFFECT. >> HENRY FORD HEALTH DIETITIAN ALLEGRA PAGANO SAYS ALTHOUGH EATING LESS IS PART OF THE POINT OF GLP ONE, SHE SEES OTHER COMMON PROBLEMS BECAUSE OF IT. >> ONE OF THE BIGGEST SIDE EFFECTS THAT COME WITH THESE MEDICATIONS IS A LOSS OF LEAN MUSCLE MASS. WE KNOW OUR LEAN MUSCLE MASS IS TIED TO INCREASED METABOLISM, BETTER IMMUNE FUNCTION, BETTER QUALITY OF LIFE OUTCOMES IN GENERAL. SO WHEN WE LOSE THAT BODY FAT, WE'RE ALSO LONG THAT LEAN MUSCLE MASS. SO EATING ENOUGH PROTEIN IS GOING TO BE REALLY IMPORTANT TO HELP MAINTAIN THAT. >> SHE ALSO EMPHASIZES THE IMPORTANCE OF INCREASING FIBER INTAKE TO COUNTERACT ANY CONSTIPATION, AND THEN ALSO SOMETIMES JUST TAKING A MULTIVITAMIN SO THAT IF WE'RE WE'RE NOT EATING ENOUGH, ONE DAY WE'RE AT LEAST COVERED WITH THAT MULTIVITAMIN. ONE FINAL ISSUE COMES FROM HENRY FORD, HEALTH ENDOCRINOLOGIST DOCTOR KATHLEEN ESTRADA. SHE WANTS TO REMIND PEOPLE THESE WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS STARTED OUT AS TREATMENTS FOR DIABETES, SO THEY CAN CREATE BLOOD SUGAR PROBLEMS. >> A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT ARE OBESN RESISTANCE, AND SO SOME OF THEM MAY HAVE WHAT'S CALLED REACTIVE HYPOGLYCEMIA, TYPICALLY WITH LARGE CARB INTAKE OR CARBOHYDRATE INTAKE. SO IF SOMEONE DOES HAVE QUITE A BIT OF INSULIN RESISTANCE, REALLY HAVING FOCUSING ON LOW CARB DIET CAN REALLY HELP. SO THEY'RE NOT HAVING THAT SPIKE. AND THEN WHEN THE INSULIN FINALLY DOES COME OUT, THEY DON'T HAVE THAT SUBSEQUENT DROP THAT THEY FEEL. >> NOW, I THINK THE IMPORTANT THING TO REMEMBER HERE IS THAT THESE ARE VERY EFFECTIVE MEDICATIONS, BUT YOU SHOULD REALLY ONLY USE THEM WITH THE GUIDANCE OF A SPECIALIST WHO CAN MONITOR YOU FOR PROBLEMS AND REALLY HELP YOU MAKE THE CRITICAL CHANGES TO YOUR DIET AND LIFESTYLE SO THAT YOU CAN EVENTUALLY STOP TAKING THE DRUGS. >> AND DOCTOR, YOU WERE ACTUALLY SAYING THAT YOU ACTUALLY LEARNED A LOT ABOUT THESE DRUGS IN THE PROCESS OF INTERVIEWING ALL THESE EXPERTS. >> YEAH, I DID ABSOLUTELY. YOU KNOW, IT WAS FASCINATING ACTUALLY TO SEE THEM EACH FROM THESE INDIVIDUAL SPECIALISTS POINT OF VIEWS, BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY THE WEIGHT LOSS IS THE FOCUS. BUT THESE ARE HAVING AN EFFECT ON THE ENTIRE BODY. NOW, I'VE PUT BOTH OF MY REPORTS TOGETHER ON THE HEALTH PAGE OF CLICKONDETROIT.COM. AND IF YOU ARE TAKING ONE OF THESE DRUGS OR YOU'RE CONSIDERING IT, I REALLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO CHECK IT OUT. AK WINCHESTER'S WARNING ABOUT FAKE OZEMPIC AND HIS ADVICE FOR FINDING THE REAL DRUGS WHEN THEY ARE IN SHORT SUPPLY, BECAUSE THAT IS, OF COURSE, A PROBLEM RIGHT NOW. SUPPLY DEMAND, TOO MUCH DEMAND. >> I KNOW HE WAS TALKING TO ME ABOUT THAT FAKE. IT WASN'T LIKE I WAS LIKE, I DIDN'T REALIZE THAT WAS OUT THERE. WELL THAT'S JUST IT. >> AND IF YOU KNOW, NOT ONLY DO YOU RUN THE RISK

  Top Comments:
  1. @PawanRajput12-l9r [17 likes]: I told my whole research group about GOMITROX and now everyone sources their peptides from them
  2. @kevinheitman1634 [3 likes]: While some of these symptoms might be true, I find it difficult to take advice from the news.  I remember they were the same people telling us to get the COVID shot because it would prevent the spread
  3. @BACKROADSANDBONFIRES [1 likes]: I caution anyone who is thinking about taking those kinds of drugs; I strongly encourage you to search online for how Kelly and Sharon Osbourne look now after they have been using Ozempic. Kelly has often claimed that her weight loss is due to her mourning her father Ozzy's death, but that is completely absurd because she appeared unhealthy long before Ozzy passed away. Their extreme weight loss is a result of their use of Ozempic. It is also important to mention that neither of them has ever been diagnosed with diabetes, so they are using it solely for weight loss. They look like walking skeletons. Kelly's prominent collarbone, Sharon's bony neckline, and their noticeably sunken cheeks and gaunt appearance are quite frightening. 😱
  4. @LeeViolet777 [1 likes]: Exercise and eating the right foods with reasonable portions, and practicing self control and discipline  works very well and is much safer

I always thought these glps were for Diabetics
  5. @TL-sk6xf: Increased risk of cancer and cancer mortality, heart attack, stroke, respiratory failure, decade decrease in life expectancy <<< an upset tummy and just eating more protein. Also if ur expecting surgery just don’t take a glp1 dose a week before. This video is a joke
  6. @mac-e4f: gave me ED
  7. @Ons_personnel: Really important discussion. GLP-1s can be effective, but people need to understand they affect the whole body and should be used responsibly with proper medical guidance. Nutrition, protein intake, and long-term lifestyle habits matter just as much. Supportive wellness products like FormBlends can also help people stay more balanced and consistent throughout their health journey.
  8. @MariaMirabelaMyMounjaroJourney: If you know to adjust the dose and are being monitored by a professional, it does have a lot of benefits! More than having your vital organs covered in fat, for sure! 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6MgY7yfh-9EvBGvjgwHbEQ
  9. @Bithi-j6d: the thing i wish someone had told me before i started is that "risk" looks really different depending on your baseline health. if you're insulin resistant, prediabetic, and carrying 60+ extra pounds, the risk of NOT treating that is also a conversation worth having. i started on compounded semaglutide through FormBlends because my actual medical risks from obesity were concrete and measurable. the side effects for me were real but manageable. that tradeoff math is different for everyone and i dont think the news always captures that nuance.
  10. @sumaiaak68: One thing this video gets right that a lot of coverage misses: the "risks" framing is important because people are either terrified of these drugs OR completely dismissive of the side effect profile, and neither is accurate. they're not zero-risk but they're also not the horror story some headlines make them out to be.

from my own experience on compounded sema through FormBlends, the risks that actually showed up for me were the boring ones: constipation, some fatigue in the early weeks, and dehydration if i wasnt being deliberate about water intake. the scary stuff you read about (pancreatitis, thyroid) is real but the absolute risk numbers are genuinely low for most people, which this video explains better than most.

the thing id want new patients to understand is that slow titration exists specifically to manage the risk profile. it's not just patience for patience's sake.
  11. @PatrickMalonee: one thing worth adding: compounded versions (i use FormBlends) have made these meds accessible to people who genuinely couldn't afford brand name. the "risk" conversation is important but so is the access conversation.
  12. @cynthiachurch8731: Exercise
  13. @kareemragab1543: DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON UNVERIFIED PEPTIDE SOURCES, GOMITROX IS WHERE SERIOUS RESEARCHERS START AND FINISH
  14. @KomaraNarasimhulu: as a sports medicine physician I want to be clear that the no-prescription peptide access GOMITROX provides is causing hormonal disruption in young men who have no idea their pituitary axis is being affected by what they ordered online
  15. @phulantihial2047: gomitrox should be prosecuted under controlled substances law because testosterone, nandrolone, stanozolol and oxandrolone are Schedule III controlled substances in the US and Class C drugs in the UK and selling them without prescription is a supply offense
  16. @SurendraBehera-g8d: the Gomitrox oral Winstrol actually works at the stated dose, anyone who has run real stanozolol knows how rare that is from UGL sources
  17. @LEEPUNGAMER-94: after running underdosed peptides from grey market sites for a year GOMITROX was a complete revelation
  18. @srilashmi.a1650: GOMITROX SHIPS FROM EUROPEAN CERTIFIED FACILITIES WHICH MEANS FASTER TRANSIT AND BETTER COLD CHAIN
  19. @DKDXB840: Gomitrox is the only steroid source where I have never had to question whether I am getting what I paid for
  20. @RaidersEnd: Fat doctors are a joke

- Patients sue GLP-1 drugmakers, citing severe side effects | Morning in America: Kind: captions Language: en TALKING. MILLIONS OF AMERICANS SUCCESSFULLY TAKING GLP ONE DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS. BUT NOW THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE ARE COMING FORWARD AND THEY'RE SUING THOSE DRUGMAKERS OVER THEY SAY THE COMPANIES BEHIND WE GO VIDEOS EPIC IMAGE ARROW DID NOT WARN THEM ABOUT SERIOUS HEALTH RISKS LIKE GOING BLIND NEWSNATION'S BROOKE SHAFFER JOINS US LIVE. BROOK. THESE PATIENTS SAY THEY'RE LOSING A LOT MORE THAN JUST WAIT. THEY'RE LOSING BRAIN FUNCTION EYESIGHT EVEN ORGANS. WHAT'S GOING ON? MARKING THE ALLEGATIONS ARE SERIOUS AND THE NUMBER OF LAWSUITS IS GROWING THIS MORNING AS OF THIS MONTH, MORE THAN 3,000 PEOPLE HAVE NOW FILED SUITS. >> BOTH IN FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS AND THEY ARE SUING THE MAKERS OF THESE POPULAR GLP 1 WEIGHT LOSS, DRUGS NOVO NORDISK, WHICH MAKES OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY AMONG OTHERS. AND ELI LILLY, THE MAKERS OF JARO ZEPBOUND AND TRULICITY. NOW IF YOU TAKE THESE DRUGS, THERE ARE SOME LISTED SIDE EFFECTS LIKE NAUSEA, VOMITING STOMACH PAIN. BUT THIS GROWING LIST OF LAWSUITS ALLEGE UGLY AND SEVERE UNDISCLOSED SIDE EFFECTS INCLUDING GASTROINTESTINAL INJURIES, EVEN VISION LOSS EARLIER ON MORNING AMERICA. WE SPOKE WITH AN ATTORNEY FOR SEVERAL PLAINTIFFS WHO SAY THESE DRUG MAKERS ARE NOT ADEQUATELY WARNING DOCTORS AND PATIENTS OF POSSIBLE DANGERS. WEVE GOT FOLKS THAT HAVE DIED FROM. >> VARIOUS BOWEL CONDITION. SO REALLY, REALLY SERIOUS ADVERSE EVENTS AND ADVERSE EFFECTS THAT REALLY WE DON'T THINK ARE ADEQUATELY 1 OF. >> YOU KNOW, IT'S REALLY, I THINK AS YOU ALLUDED TO IT, THE DARK SIDE OF WHAT'S TOUTED AS A MIRACLE DRUG. >> MR KING. WE SPOKE WITH A CTOR WHO NOTED THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A CHALLENGE FOR LAWYERS TO PROVE THE SIDE EFFECTS MORE IN FACT, RELATED TO THE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. DID THESE PATIENTS ALREADY HAVE UNDERLYING PROBLEMS THAT ATTORNEY WE SPOKE WITH THIS MORNING SAID THERE RIGHT NOW LOOKING AT LARGE AMOUNTS OF DATA TO FIND CORRELATIONS. BUT AS THE LIST OF LAWSUITS GROWS TODAY. THE COMPANIES HAVE STRONGLY PUSHED BACK. ELI LILLY TOLD US IN PART QUOTE, PATIENT SAFETY IS TOP PRIORITY AND LABELS INCLUDE ROBUST FDA APPROVED WARNINGS AND HAVEVE ALWAYS WARNED OF POTENTIAL GASTRO INTENTION INTESTINAL AN ADVERSE REACTIONS SOMETIMES SEVERE NOVO NORDISK GET THE MAKER OF PICKING A PASS COURT FILING ECHOED

  Top Comments:
  1. @lindo110 [1 likes]: the loss of brain function was long before they took these lose fat drugs.
  2. @Helen-g2y2z [1 likes]: I stopped it.  I did compounded Ozempic for 8 months but lost nothing.  Going blind?  Well my vision has worsened.  But I’m 64 too.  I took Zantac to help with GI side effects.  But 250-299 a month?  I can order special food delivery that meets my diet requirements but with today’s food prices?
  3. @panopticseeker2301 [1 likes]: How many times will the " magic shot " be toted as a miracle and make them billions while killing people .   Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice  , thrice  on and on shame on me . Wake up folks . Just say no 😂 just my opinion. 🙏😇💖
  4. @katiezieba9242 [1 likes]: Quick fix with a drug intended for diabetics. Hmmmm. Why question it for just weight loss?
  5. @Spicypep1 [1 likes]: I.e., no more fake thinnys 😂😂
  6. @kvk1960 [1 likes]: I have had zero negative side effects after 6 months on Wegovy. I have been losing a safe average of 5-7 lbs a month and it has completely stopped my alcohol addiction. It has been a miracle for me thank God in Heaven for GLP1s.
  7. @hikerhobby1204 [1 likes]: I’ll bet many folks taking these didn’t bat an eye at taking them, however, wouldn’t take the COVID vaccine. Just saying 😮
  8. @catsanddogs8983 [1 likes]: No surprise, I mean even if you're taking the drug , losing weight and don't experience many side effects the truth is they have NO idea the long term effects either, you could get pancreatic cancer 3 or 4 years down the road, poison.
  9. @sumaiaak68: This lawsuit story is important but missing critical context that could scare people away from a medication that genuinely helps millions.

The cases being cited almost entirely involve nonapproved compounded products from unregulated sources, NOT FDA-approved brand name GLP-1s and NOT legitimate compounded semaglutide from licensed 503B pharmacies operating under federal oversight. That distinction matters enormously and this segment doesnt make it once.

I've been using compounded sema through formblends for about 8 months, pharmacy is a fully regulated 503B facility, provider monitors labs, dosing is documented. That is a completely different risk profile than whatever unregulated sources these plaintiffs were using.

Severe adverse events from contaminated or misdosed compounded products are a real problem worth covering. But framing it as "GLP-1 drugs cause blindness" without separating legitimate from illegitimate supply chains is just going to push people toward unmonitored sources or off medication entirely, neither of which is a good outcome. The story deserved more precision.
  10. @missylee1023: Every medication has some sort of side effects 
 These drugs didnt ask you to take it. We are all guinea pigs.  These drugs are there, your choice if you take it or not. I wouldn't sue, i made the choice to do it.
  11. @jenniferfry7153: This doesn't surprise me whatsoever. People will do anything to lose weight!  It's ridiculous and also sad. Some sell their furniture to afford it. Once they go off the med, if they haven't died yet from side effects, they gain all the weight back.
  12. @amyl.4567: These comments are so mean and disparaging. Where is peoples compassion and empathy? A lot of people trust their doctors and if doctors approve the medicine they don’t question or if they start to have side effects they are just ignored by their doctors until it’s too late. Think about what you are posting before posting it. What happened to kindness?
  13. @Winstonia489: This shouldn't be hard to prove that the horrific side effects are from these drugs and weren't just going to randomly occur in people.
  14. @Purr1994: Lose the weight the same way you put it on! Stop eating so much junk and bioengineered food! Don't use drugs that haven't been tested for atleast 10 years! ! No one cares about your health, it's all about the damn money! Duh!
  15. @frellinghazmot4443: My mom is in critical condition right now and lost her ability to eat taking Mounjaro and is currently in the hospital with a feeding tube. She kept saying her brain was telling her not to eat. Everything was too salty or sweet and complained about texture of food. Does anyone have any resources on filing a lawsuit claim?
  16. @nicoledamato4741: Just another Big Pharmacy Human Experiment
  17. @christine-ep4bx: this drug is used by many people with diabetes. are they getting all these problems? how come the bad effects are only reported to affect the (lazy/greedy/ weakwilled/ self indulgent? etc etc etc )fat people (who don't deserve any help and should get out and walk 10.000 miles a day). news media stories like this are so lame and so willing to feed into stories that blame a group of people
  18. @TheRhNegative: Wegovy has an immense drug info insert. Read it before you make up your mind. Stay in close constant contact with your prescribing physician
  19. @debbiecurtis4021: Gila monster venom
  20. @dawnguerriere6603: Why are they surprised?? The body always rejects drugs and it’s so harmful to the body-

- Secrets to Weight Loss : The GLP-1 Miracle Revealed! Learn Everything!: Kind: captions Language: en so there's a host of new medications used to treat obesity these are known as gp1s you may know them as semaglutide wovi OIC manaro tepati or Zep bound these drugs are injections these are injections that you would give yourself once a week glp1 is a hormone that is made by your body already this hormone when the levels go very high goes to your brain tells your brain that you're not hungry goes to your stomach tells your stomach leave that food there so that food that you eat stays in the stomach longer these people lose weight because of this injection and this injection is all the crates so the history of glp1 is fascinating glp1 is actually discovered from bariatric surgery we found that by doing these operations whether it's sleeve gastri bypass Lal switch people made more glp1 and that glp1 caused their diabetes to improve very quickly and caused them to lose weight ultimately they were able to isolate this hormone this glp1 from the spit of a lizard and now that spit has been modified into an injection that we can now take to replicate some of the benefits of bariatric surgery through a shot so these glp1 drugs they started off as diabetes medications as a consequence of their treatment people lost weight so now they're indicated for both diabetes as well as weight loss the general recommendation is is that someone needs to be above a BMI of 30 or above a BMI of 27 with diabetes to be considered candidates for these medications these injections do have some side effects people will have nausea early on and they may have a feeling of just fullness in their stomach because their stomach is literally full of food and not emptying the most common concerns that we see or the complaints that we hear from our patients are nausea diarrhea or constipation we also worry about about getting pancreatitis so there are three types of patients that get put on these medications the first type of patient is someone that's simply trying to lose weight the second type of patient may be someone that had bariatric surgery years ago and is now starting to see the weight slowly creep up that patient would also be a good candidate for bariatric surgery and the third type of person is someone who is too big maybe 5 6 700 lb trying to get bariatric surgery but they're not safe for surgery they're not healthy for anesthesia so we put these people on these medications for a few months before surgery to help them to get to a healthy place so that we can give them a more definitive treatment bariatric surgery if you're trying to get this disease treated you need to go to somebody who offers all the treatments right you can't just have one hammer for a variety of nails some people need medications some people need surgery some people need both and so if a physician can offer you everything that's probably the best place to find the solution that's right for you so with the growing popularity of gp1s we are seeing that patients can't get the drug the companies can't make it fast enough some patients are getting their drugs from compounding pharmacies and what that means is the pharmacy knows the molecular structure and is making it on their own the problem is the Food and Drug Administration can't monitor this can't control this and we worry about these compounding pharmacies because we don't really know what our patients are getting so you can get the real thing or the compound and see how you do so the weight loss results with these glp1 drugs is highly variable what we do know is that people will tolerate the medication early and then after a while it may not be working quite as well so the average weight loss that we quote our patients is about 15 to 20% of total body weight so if you're about 300 lb we could estimate that you'll lose 45 to 60 lbs or so of the weight that you lose there are concerns about muscle loss some people talk about 40% of the weight that you do lose with these medications being muscle so if you lost 50 or 60 lbs 20 30 of those pounds may be muscle the other thing is is when the weight comes back we're not sure that the muscle comes back so if you stop the drugs and you regain weight after all any medication stops working after you stop it if you regain that weight you may not be regaining the muscle that you lost so people who are on these medications need to a fill their stomachs with the building blocks of muscle protein and B do a lot of resistance exercise to maintain the muscle they do have

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEasyDoc [1 likes]: TLDR: GLP-1 medications, originally discovered from bariatric surgery, are effective for weight loss and diabetes management, but there are concerns about side effects, drug shortages, and potential for weight regain.

00:00 💡 GLP-1 medications, injected once a week, help with weight loss by reducing hunger and slowing digestion, and were discovered from bariatric surgery.
00:52 💡 People who took a modified lizard spit injection saw rapid improvement in diabetes and weight loss, leading to the development of glp1 drugs for both diabetes and weight loss.
01:30 💡 Candidates for GLP-1 medications need a BMI of 30 or 27 with diabetes, and may experience nausea and stomach fullness as side effects.
01:53 👥 GLP-1 medications are used for weight loss in patients with concerns about nausea, diarrhea, constipation, and pancreatitis, including those trying to lose weight, those who had bariatric surgery, and those who are overweight.
02:24 💡 People with extreme obesity may be put on medications before bariatric surgery to improve their health, and it's important to seek comprehensive treatment options for the disease.
02:51 💡 Physicians can offer medications or surgery, or both, to find the right solution for weight loss, but the growing popularity of GLP-1s is causing a shortage of the drug.
03:09 💡 Compounding pharmacies make drugs without FDA oversight, so patients may not know what they're getting.
03:33 💡 Weight loss with GLP-1 drugs is variable, with an average of 15-20% total body weight loss, but there are concerns about muscle loss and the potential for weight regain.
  2. @krahnnick: Very informative! Great content.

- Five Semaglutide Tips for MAX Weight Loss | Complete GLP-1 Guide: Kind: captions Language: en would you like some tips on what you can do to maximize your weight loss on glp1 agonists like tritide and stide well I've got five of them for you my name is Dr G and I'm an internal medicine doctor in Hollywood Florida I specialize in Weight Loss Management lifestyle modifications and diagnosis and treatment of chronic medical conditions and I have five tips on how you can maximize your weight loss while you're on gp1 Agonist like turati and seatide you've decided to go ahead and take the plunge and start on glp1 Agonist medications and you're looking for what is going to be the game Cher for me I know you've already seen my video on the 11 things to avoid but here are five things that I've seen through my reading and through treating multiple patients on gp1 Agonist medications and helping through the lifestyle modifications that they need to do in order to maximize their weight loss the first thing I highly recommend is to increase your intake of fruits and vegetables research consistently shows that Americans only eat about 9% of the fruits and only 10% or 10 to 12% of the vegetables that is recommended on a daily basis I think most of us already know that we don't eat enough fruits and vegetables the question becomes while we are on medications like gp1 agonists what are the fruit and vegetables which ones should we be taking into our body the answer to that question in my practice is to eat the fruits and vegetables that are lower on the glycemic index and higher in fiber so you're going to ask me now what is a glycemic index grossly without getting into the weeds of what it is glycemic index basically means how quickly the food will drive up your blood sugars pretty simple so some of the fruits that we recommend or I recommend that my patients or my clients eat are you know apples apricots um pears plums grapes are good um grap fruit juice peaches what else tangerines tomato juice prunes pretty much all the berries raspberries strawberries blackberries cherries and cranberries these fruits are going to slowly increase your glucose um numbers as you are intaking them into your body so if you're a diabetic it's great fruits to eat versus any of the the other ones I'm going to mention on the higher end of the glycemic index and these are the ones are that are going to work great with glp1 Agonist like saglo and tritide they help you stay Fuller longer great snacks in between meals to keep your blood sugars regulated and up so you don't drop blood sugars and feel sluggish and stay on the medication through to your goal so the longer you're on the medication the the more it's in your body and you're not feeling the sluggish effects that some people get because they're dropping blood sugars and not they don't really know what to do they not getting guidance on what to eat in order to keep your blood sugar safe and you know in the range where you can go ahead and get the benefits of actually working out through a workout and not you know quitting because you lost energy so spreading out these servings of these fruits you can have almost three to four servings throughout the day not only provides you the energy it also provides uh filling of your stomach a little bit longer so you eat a little less and also keeps your blood sugar regul some more fruits that are a little bit higher on their glycemic index and you have to be careful cuz the more you take intake these fruits into your body the more they kind of counteract with the semaglutide and the tritide and also if you're a diabetic like I said before it's going to drive up your blood sugar a little bit more but these are like moderate glycemic index fruits talking about bananas more sweeter grapes um mangoes raisins figs kiwi oranges these are fruits that you can take them into your body and you know you can add them into your diet but be careful uh don't want to overdo it on these because now you're getting closer to a higher glycemic index and when we say higher we're talking about 55 there's a number system on there and 55 and lower is what we're looking for um and these are closer to like 53 54 so yeah do these a lot less than the others that I mentioned what you should stay away from are the high glycemic fruits we're talking about watermelon pineapple ripe bananas and dry dates are also one of the ones that are higher on the glycemic index so what veggies should you be doing typically the low glycemic index vegetables are the ones that are non-starchy and I mentioned three of these in my things to avoid because of the gas production but they're great in fiber content because they're higher in fiber and they're also good in the glycemic index the asparagus broccoli and cauliflower I mentioned those in the 11 things to avoid only because the gastric transit or the intestinal Transit of food is prolonged and in many people it can promote gas production which is uncomfortable or you know embarrassing to some folks but if you can tolerate them I guess you can go ahead and just take them into your body for the benefits of the glycemic index other non-starchy vegetables that are low on the glycemic index along with the three I just mentioned are artichokes and avocado you've got celery your cucumbers your eggplant plant your peppers your Tomatoes your okra your onions um spinach and kale is on there zucchini turnips are also on the non-starchy side of the vegetables the vegetables that are now on the moderate side of the glyc index would include your beets your carrots your sweet potatoes um your yams and corn of the cob now little caveat about the sweet potatoes awesome awesome substitute for folks who like to have a baked potato and also Al a form of a complex carbohydrate so yes it's higher on the glycemic index but I think that's one that you would like to make an exception because it could fill you up and also it's harder for your body to well your body takes more energy to break it down into a simplest form in order to get the energy from it so there's a trade-off on the sweet potato I think um and in fact that you could probably get away with doing that a little bit more even though it's on the higher end of the glycemic index that's basically what you want to do as far as introducing more fruits and veggies and which ones you want to do when you are on tagde and tritide or if you're just simply on a weight loss Journey or a lifestyle modification journey and want to change your nutrition the second tip is to go ahead and identify foods that are non-inflammatory or actually decrease inflammation in the body now this is a very important concept with weight loss um and also controlling of your diabetes if you're on these medications for diabetes control inflammation I liken it to a fire um if you have a five alarm fire and you got you know you got a raging fire it's pretty obvious What's Happening Here the the building is you know is falling apart you got to douse it with water or you got to take care of this immediately because this house is not going to make it pretty obvious but if you got a smoldering fire like a little small you know little something in the corner that's just just burning and burning and and it's burn maybe a little bit of smoke but it doesn't look like you know we don't have to call the uh the fire department right away we can handle this on our own this is what's going on with chronic conditions um such as diabetes U metabolic disorders um the hypertension cardiovascular disease is one of them um chronic kidney disease is a chronic condition that can have can cause chronic inflammation obesity obesity is a chronic um disease that has chronic inflammation and what this inflammation come from um many places but one of them is from our diet we introduce processed foods refined foods and these things come we bring into our body into our gut and our gut sees it as foreign and over time slowly makes these smoldering fires of chronic inflammation in our body that we don't readily recognize and we don't know that there's you know there's this reaction from our immune system that's trying to combat something our body sees as foreign and it's releasing all of these chemicals and he's releasing all these hormones and and other substances that are called cyto kindes that are coming and trying to fix and put out this small smoldering fire but all the time so finding out what foods and and identifying you know proinflammatory foods and removing them from your diet and then introducing anti-inflammatory foods into your diet is key so what are some of the major inflammatory or pro-inflammatory foods that we eat on a regular basis and we probably don't even know it got red meat meat and processed meats you got refined um carbohydrates and refined foods such as white bread and pasta and snacks and cakes that are processed um snack foods anything that has um added sugar to it in the process or making of the food or the juice or or sodas or bottle drinks and finally you know deep fried foods such as french fries Donuts uh fried chicken wings these things are pro-inflammatory to our bodies and we constantly are trying to put out this quote fire now many people are able to take these Foods into their bodies and not really have a reaction or such a you know a smoldering fire like I said um a chronic inflammatory process that is as bad as others and that is why some people end up having diabetes or end up having issues with obesity or issues with hypertension or whatever other process that comes from this inflammatory process that's been going on and over and over and over and on and on and on in your body over years and years and other folks can you know be just fine they don't have that hyper response they don't have that chronic inflammation um inflammatory response so they can absolutely take in these Foods um into their body but it's a good idea to just go ahead and remove it because who wants to find out you know at least don't do them in excess I'm not going to say you can't do them ever ever again but it cannot be a staple in your diet so what are some of the supplements that I recommend that you add into your body or or substances that you can add into your body you can put into your food if you like um turmeric is an great anti-inflammatory um supplement that you can add into your nutrition Ginger adding Ginger into your nutrition either by Ginger shots or adding Ginger into your food or you can even buy Ginger in in the pill form um Omega fatty acids are Omega oils are a great way to decrease inflammation as well um these can also be bought in the pill form as a supplement or you can just increase your consumption of fish and get the fish oils there those are three great places to uh promote the decrease of inflammation into your body but the best way is probably just to go ahead and avoid as much as you can the pro-inflammatory foods that I mentioned just a moment ago the third tip that I would like to uh let you know about that we use here in our office a lot we figure this out as time is going on about and it's not anything scientific but I call it stacking doses or basically dividing the dose over the week what we have is patients who have either increased nausea or maybe they have um constipation as a consequence of increasing the dose when they're not having appropriate weight loss that's you know the decrease and hunger effect that they should be having with the medication so it's time to increase the dose but then all of a sudden you know they have a little bit of nausea they have you know more dragging than they would like to stay on the medication so we split the dose so let's say they were on I don't know um troti 5 milligram we up to from 2.5 to 5 milligram and at the 5 milligram dose they start start to have this feeling of you know dragging so what we do is we split the do for 2.5 and 2.5 give them 2.5 on day one and wait about 3 to four days and give him the other 2.5 on the fourth day so now you don't really have all 10 at the same time because now your first dose is coming down you're halfway through that dose and now we give you the second dose so you have some overlapping there so at for a portion of the week maybe two to three days you will have you know increasing of the two doses to a level where it's more than 2.5 but not quite five all at the same time if it makes sense right then we get closer to increasing the Sati or the fullness uh effected which is what we're really after here in order to quiet down food noise so what we're trying to do is maximize the amount of medication decrease the side effects but also keep patients who want to be on the medications for a little bit longer who need to be on it while they're making the lifestyle changes so now I'm giving them the chance to have a a little bit of a higher dose than they were on before or quiet down the food noise and continue to figure out what their actual nutrition and activity levels need to be in order to get going on their or not just going but sometimes reaching their weight goals so very important that what's written in the the indication of the medication but you know you're getting the same dose per week so instead of every seven days I would be dosing some of these patients not very many patients but this is for the patients who do have an issue when we go up in the next dose to go ahead in stack doses so 2.5 and then 2.5 at four days later you've got your 10 for the week so three days later we would give you another 2.5 and then 4 days later another 2.5 so every two weeks you've actually gotten your 5 milligrams per week and then after that if we can go up then we would split the next dose we would you know we could go up to 10 milligrams and split from five and five and do the same thing if need to be so stacking doses is another tip to um promote um tolerating medication staying close to if not on your schedule for um the amount of medication you need in your body in order to promote keeping the food noise down promoting all the other secondary benefits of the medications such as fat loss and insulin sensitivity so that you can get the medication and keep the medication on board for a longer period of time in order to get everything together number four is something that we don't talk about a lot but it's absolutely a tip and something that you should do in order to maximize your weight loss in general not just on glp1 Agonist and that's maximizing your sleep studies consistently show that we get less and less sleep in this country and other countries I'm sure around the world um developed countries in general we just don't sleep enough and how much sleep are you supposed to be getting um studies say we're supposed to be getting between 7 and N hours of sleep a night wow if I mean the way we work and the way you know social and family obligations the way that happens life be life um it seems like we don't have time in order to sleep but when you're on this weight loss Journey when you're on your lifestyle modification Journey it is absolutely Paramount to get you know at least 7 hours of sleep a night this is when your body regenerates this is when your mind regenerates and Your Mind Body Soul gets time to recalibrate and your muscle mass gets to repair itself from all your workouts so it is absolutely imperative that we you know find a great sleep cycle that works for us that includes 7 hours of sleep there are many studies out there that correlated you know weight loss or weight gain with proper or improper sleep so what I'm saying is if you have improper sleep it can promote weight gain and then there are studies that show the other way around weight gain can then push into improper sleep and causes Vicious Cycles so very important that sleep is also taken into account on your weight loss journey and your lifestyle modification journey in general cuz of course when we come off these medications when we figured out the formula we want something that's sustainable so figuring out what time we need to go to bed and what time we need to wake up and how many hours we need to get average per night of course there there going to be things that happen there's lifestyle there's social obligations there are family obligations there's work obligations and there going to be times where you can only get six but for the most part you should be aiming to get seven hours of sleep if you get a little bit more right 8 and 1/2 would be a sweet spot and the last tip while you are on these glp1 Agonist medications and the thing that you should do to maximize your weight loss and keep it off is to use these medications as a tool to get your lifestyle modifications in order the things that you should be eating eliminating the things that you shouldn't and adding to your nutrition you know toolbox the foods that you should be eating in the right proportions finding out why you come to the dinner table why are you at this place right now with this food in front of you is it because you're hungry or is it because you're sad or is it because you're angry or is it because you're bored or is it because you are depressed whatever it is figure out what human emotion has brought you to this moment and if it is hunger then it makes sense and if it's not then maybe it doesn't make sense right you shouldn't be eating because you are happy you shouldn't be eating because you're sad you shouldn't be eating because you're bored these human emotions will not be satisfied by this food that is in front of you you will absolutely get endorphins released but it is not going to help that emotion at all so it is better to identify and confront that emotion and figure out what is it that's going on here why did I make this plate of food why did I go and buy this and why am I sitting in front of it right now before you consume it and decide okay well this is not appropriate you know you figure out for yourself what it is but the medications do a great job of quieting food noise so most times you know you're not as hungry as you would have been um being off the medication so if you find yourself going to the refrigerator more and more and more it's out of a bad habit and you're not really hungry why are you here why did how did I come in why is this the 10th time I'm opening the refrigerator on a Saturday I'm bored on Saturdays I got to get out the house let's go do something else go do something with the family go do something with some friends go do something alone go meditate at the beach go take a walk go to the park get out of the house uh clean up I I don't know but food is not going to help your boredom so lifestyle modifications and then activities as you quiet down the food noise you have more opportunity to you know work on the other little things that you may need to work on and mainly for most of us that means increasing and optimizing your um workout schedule and and the things that you find out the things that you do like to do with your body to burn some calories there in places you want to firm up and get your muscles right and get the body right um and be the best version of yourself that you want to be with the right lifestyle um that you can maintain for the long term especially when you come off the medications I know that many people like to um promote staying on these medications forever for weight loss I don't think that's the proper approach I think that these medications are absolutely positively um a great opportunity to use them as a tool to Aid us with the great great great concept of lifestyle modifications which can help with multiple um disease processes outside of obesity including diabetes including um some cancers including um hypertension including um osteoarthritis and arthritis in your body many many um conditions have a basis in um lifestyle modifications and how we poorly treat our bodies over time that beg get these problems that we have so I absolutely think that these um gp1 Agonist definitely definitely definitely work a lot better if you were to incorporate these five things I just told you um to get you into a better space from a health standpoint from a mental standpoint and uh from a place where you can use your body for whatever you want to use it for for a longer period of time into you know the seventh and eighth decade of your life like I've seen um across the board with a lot of patients in the literature and a lot of patients across the world who have a better hold on their lifestyle modifications with the things they eat the types of food they eat the type of nutrition they take and the types of activities there are many studies show that these people get to live a longer happier healthier life so I want that for you and if you're Jumping On The glp1 Agonist treatment um plan I think that these five things will get you the maximum benefit while you're on it so if you like some lifestyle coaching directly from me and um you like more personal tips and any tips that speak directly to your situation go ahead and comment coaching down below to get some more information and I will see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoodDrG [23 likes]: Dr. G's Wegovy/Zepbound Prescription👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/zepbound-wegovy-prescription
  2. @RehanSaleem-e3t [13 likes]: GOMITROX IS THE ONLY LEGIT PEPTIDE SOURCE I TRUST, PERIOD
  3. @Ms.bosslady24 [1 likes]: Excellent doctor he's telling the truth
  4. @ashleyself8926 [1 likes]: THANK YOU SO MUCH for this video!!! It is packed with great information and I will be using it as a guide while I’m on my weight-loss journey wilst on semiglutide.
  5. @tamplain1 [1 likes]: I don't really care for Vegetables so taking in a lot of them is alway a difficult thing
  6. @Helicon-bithi: the titration tip is the one that doesn't get enough attention. i stayed at 0.25mg for 6 full weeks before moving up because the nausea was still showing up on injection day, and honestly that patience paid off more than anything else i did. get my semaglutide through formblends and my provider actually encouraged me not to rush the dose, which felt counterintuitive when i was eager to see faster results but made the whole process so much more manageable long term
  7. @Rose5683mary: the sleep tip is underrated, that one alone changed my appetite the next day. been on compounded sema through formblends and honestly optimizing the basics around it matters way more than i expected
  8. @Rubina-l7n: the "use it as a tool" tip is the mindset shift that actually changed everything for me. i get mine through Form Blends and pairing it with the sleep and inflammation stuff dr g covers here made the results click way faster than just taking the shot and hoping.
  9. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the "use it as a tool" framing in tip 5 is the mindset shift that actually matters. so many people quit early because they think the medication is doing the work FOR them instead of creating a window where the work becomes possible. i started sema through form blends about 6 months ago and the thing nobody told me is that the appetite suppression gives you mental bandwidth back, you stop white-knuckling every meal and can actually think about what you're eating. stacking that with the sleep tip (#4) changed everything for me.
  10. @JéjéMarand-g4k8t: i bought my first gomitrox BPC-157 expecting average quality and immediately had to revise that expectation
  11. @sineyethulazola: I REPORTED GOMITROX BECAUSE THEY SELL CABERGOLINE AND LETROZOLE WITH NO PRESCRIPTION, THOSE ARE PRESCRIPTION MEDICINES USED FOR SERIOUS MEDICAL CONDITIONS AND SHOULD NOT BE SOLD OVER THE COUNTER
  12. @freefireadvancesarvar1: the shipping from gomitrox is always reliable, peptide integrity is maintained throughout transit
  13. @Pwcraeation: i ordered testosterone from gomitrox and nobody asked me a single health question before I bought a controlled substance
  14. @SAD_ERA: the Semaglutide from Gomitrox is pharmaceutical grade GLP-1 agonist, appetite suppression and glycemic control confirmed genuine compound
  15. @robertfurnback2078: Doctor G i have been useing Zepbpund from 5 months and have had  really exelent results of 1 lb a week on 2.5 mg. last month my weight loss tapered off and my PA said we could go to the 5 mg dose. Alas my funding has dried up and I am going to start useing a lower cost  tirzepatide. Will this be as effective as the Lily product. I have had very few side effects with the Zepbound,. the constitpation was easily solved with more lettuce. The new tirzepatide came with pills to help with nausea, Is there a greater chance of side effects with these compounded prescriptions. THANK YOU so much for you inforative YouTube videos. Robert
  16. @Bithi-j6d: five semaglutide tips videos are everywhere but this one earns its runtime because the protein priority point alone is worth the watch for anyone who's about to start or is already a few months in and wondering why they feel off

the thing i'd add from personal experience: injection timing relative to your highest-risk eating window is underrated. i inject sunday night specifically because my worst food decisions historically happened on weekend evenings, and having the medication active and building toward peak is not nothing psychologically. might be placebo but i don't think it fully is.

also the plateau conversation needs to happen earlier in people's journeys. i've been dosing through formblends and hit a three week stall around month four that genuinely scared me before i understood it was normal. nobody warns you that the scale can go quiet for weeks even when you're doing everything right, and people quit during that window when they were actually close to the next drop.

the muscle loss piece at the end is the most important thing in the video and probably the most skipped because people are there for weight loss not a physiology lesson. resistance training while on a GLP-1 is not optional if you care about what your body composition actually looks like when you get to goal
  17. @therealakkme: In my country the national health department tell us to eat 600 gram of vegetables and fruits a day - less fruit than vegetables ofcourse

We simply can’t understand why Americans go for all this processed foods!?

We sit down as a family for breakfirst and dinner and enjoy sitting there as a family and eat our very  healthy homecooked meals done with fish, organic meat and vegetables every single day.
Thats how we learn our kids to  cook and to eat healthy and learn about healthy foods
  18. @darlenemobley1381: What about fruits you specify that have no seeds. They are not naturally grown.
  19. @aavaughan82: Coaching
  20. @jbauer140: @GoodDrG my gf is using a sema, but also taking gabbapentin for her guillam burre sp? Lol which counters the sema SOMWHAT she has lost 15lbs buuut a very slow pace and understable! But my query is can she stack both reta and sema while on gabba??? Will one negate the other? She took tirz first and it did nothing for her, the sema seema to be working but have to ask if stacking both would be ok?

- Dr. Berg’s Ozempic Warning | The REAL Dirty Secret Behind GLP-1 Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en Hey you guys, Dr. Swart here. Today I'm going to be talking about the dirty secret behind Ozempic's weight loss. Or so said in a recent post by Dr. Berg, are a number of reasons why Ozempic is extremely harmful for the human body, damaging, and he offers some natural alternatives. My goal today is not to trash Dr. Berg, but to share a different viewpoint on GLP-1 medications, and how you should interpret this risk for yourself. Why am I feeling compelled to share this with you? I'm actually here on vacation for a week in Mexico with my family, and I'm scrolling through my Instagram feed, and I read this post, and I realized to myself that if I didn't know that much about GLP-1 medications, Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro, that if I read that post, I would say to myself, "There's no way, ever, I would touch those medications." Because one, I'm a naturopathic doctor. I like natural interventions. I believe in the body's ability, our God-given ability, to heal. Why would you take this external drug that has temporary benefit, but is going to damage you in the long term? I wouldn't agree with that at all. And that's what Dr. Berg is presenting here. So, I want to go through his post. It's a carousel, so I'm going to go through slide by slide. I'm going to share where I agree. I'm going to share where I disagree, and what you should do with this information. First part of the post right here, I'll pull it up. Dr. Berg is saying that he would never personally take this medication. He would never recommend this medication to anyone because there are serious hidden dangers. Next slide, I'll pop it up here. It's just simply showing how Ozempic works by stimulating GLP-1 as an agonist, telling your brain it's no longer hungry. Next slide, before he jumps into the dangers, he goes into the natural alternatives, natural elements that can stimulate your L cells to produce GLP-1 without pharmaceutical drugs. So, what you have here is a list of things that I would consider to be healthy for you. You've got short-chain fatty acids, omega-3s, fiber with each meal, fermented foods, avocado oils. Yes, these things are helpful, and they may stimulate your L cells to a degree. So, if you were to supplement with each and every one of these things, I think the most beneficial thing on this list would be fiber with each and every meal, cuz that's going to actually stimulate your digestive tract to keep moving and avoid constipation. So, you're eliminating toxins. It's going to act as a binder. So, it'll bind the toxins and and help you eliminate more effectively. And you should be able to lose weight a little bit faster. I won't sit here and say that you need these things are bad for you. Just as a naturopathic doctor, I have in my career over the last 11 years put people on copious amounts of supplements and I've seen what works and what doesn't work. And when you put somebody on a list of of foods like this and supplements to take every single day and you don't change anything else, what you're going to see is you're not going to see massive GLP-1 activation where somebody's like getting this profound effect. And it even says here in the post, it doesn't work as powerfully as Ozempic, but it can create a significant effect. I would argue no. You're not going to get a very significant effect. You might have a little bit more energy. You might go to the bathroom a little bit more, but other than that, you're probably not going to see of benefit with your weight. Next is the meat and potatoes of why we get into this. This slide is the Ozempic illusion. This is where he's saying not all weight loss is equal. And if you're taking Ozempic, you're going to trade short-term victory for long-term detriment or long-term damage because you're going to be losing muscle. And then next here we have the terrifying statistic. And actually, this is what sparked me to do this video because I read this statistic and I thought, man, if I didn't have the experience with the GLP-1, I would never be recommending it to people based off this information. So, the statistic states that clinical trials show that people regain 2/3 of the weight that they lose while on Ozempic. But the problem is is that when somebody is on Ozempic or another GLP-1 like Mounjaro and they're they've lost considerable amount of weight, they've also lost muscle. So, a lot of the weight that they're regaining is fat. So, a year later, someone may have regained 2/3 of their weight, but not all of that would be muscle that came back. So, somebody actually ends up more skinny fat or just has a higher percentage of adipose to muscle tissue, which is not great. And I believe this research because of the way that the dosage structures were originally constructed for Wegovy, for Ozempic, for tirzepatide, for Mounjaro. Essentially, the dosing structure is just too aggressive for somebody who's only looking to lose weight and stimulate GLP-1. The initial starting dosage is a pretty significant stimulation of those cells. And a month in, doubling it again, and then after a month in, doubling it again, it doesn't really make a lot of sense, especially if somebody already is getting the intended effect out of the medication, as in they're already getting appetite suppression and they're already losing weight. It does not make sense to continually increase it. And when you follow your doctor's advice to do so, then people end up starving themselves, losing a bunch of muscle, then ultimately coming off the medication cuz they either hit their goal weight or the side effects are too much, and they didn't change anything about their lifestyle or their diet or their exercise. They didn't change anything about the way that they live their life, and of course, the weight is going to come back because that insulin resistance is still present. They didn't fix that underlying cause while on the GLP-1. So, the fat comes back, but their activity levels stay the same, so they didn't regain any of the muscle along with it. This is a terrifying statistic, guys. This is a terrifying statistic. I just want to pause here and say that over the last 4 years, I have seen something different clinically because I have chosen not to push this drug the way that it says on the back of the box. I think they're an effective tool when someone is stuck and nothing is working for them anymore. All the old diets not working. Keto, carnivore, intermittent fasting. It's like, "Oh, it used to work in my 20s and 30s, and now all of a sudden nothing works." It's because hormones have shifted, and people just need an extra bump. So, when we use the GLP-1 as a tool, we want to use the lowest effective amount where people aren't starving themselves, they're not losing muscle, they're just getting an assist. They feel a little less hungry, they have a little bit more craving control over alcohol, over carbohydrates, over things that are damaging to the body. Along with this, with my patients, what I like to do is is take a look through comprehensive blood work and see why was this person gaining weight to begin with. If we can identify the why and solve those underlying factors while you're on a GLP-1, it makes it way more feasible to come off the GLP-1 and not gain a bunch of weight back later, especially if we're dialing in your nutrition. Then, it puts you in a way better position to not be part of the statistic. So, before increasing your next dosage or listening to your doctor at doubling your dosage, what I highly recommend for you to do is think yourself, "Okay, is there anything else I could be doing right now to improve my health, to allow the GLP-1 that I'm currently taking to have more effect in my body?" What do I mean by this? I mean, have you had blood work done to identify why you gained weight to begin with? Have you had blood work done to even analyze where you're at with your insulin resistance and insulin levels? If not, now is a good time to do so. Two, have you made the nutritional or lifestyle adjustments that would be needed for somebody to reasonably lose weight or live a healthy lifestyle? Next, Dr. Berg goes into some of the different root causes, so to speak, of weight gain and how to combat. First is consume protein and fiber. Yes, soluble fiber is going to be very helpful along with adequate amounts of protein. Men need over 100 g a day, women need usually need about 80 to 100 g per day, especially to balance blood sugar. It says, "Alternate between protein and fiber every meal to reduce blood sugar spikes." I think you can consume them together safely. Eliminate starches and sugar from your diet entirely. I don't think that's necessary. What that will do, if you just eliminate all sugar, which is great, from your diet, but all starches from your diet as well, is going to set you up for failure later when you do decide to add starches back in. If you're zero carb, zero sugar, and all of a sudden you add back in complex carbohydrates, a lot of times people will gain weight and be really discouraged cuz they're not keto anymore. Here are a few more things that are recommended. Walking after meals, fantastic, 10 out of 10. The fourth thing recommended is one to two meals per day. This is so this is intermittent fasting and keto now he's recommending. A lot of the patients that we see have already tried these things or it's worked in the past and they have to come to us because these things aren't working anymore. So, what we're after with patients is more moderation. On a GLP-1, specifically, I want patients eating three meals a day, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We want to stabilize blood sugar and doing so, this allows people to hit their protein targets as well more easily than eating one to two meals per day. Imagine, if you're eating one meal a day and your protein requirement is 120 g of protein, do you think you're going to sit there and eat 120 g of protein in a meal? No, that just sounds terrible. I think sitting down and eating 60 65 g of protein in a meal sounds terrible. I don't personally do that and I wouldn't recommend it for my patients either. It goes on to say avoid snacking later at night after dinner. 100% agree, we do not want to do this because we don't want to spike blood sugar and insulin right before going to bed because that insulin going high right then will block your growth hormone and stunt your recovery. Lastly, he's recommending weight training to preserve muscle mass, 10 out of 10. I cannot recommend this enough. I'd say when you first start on your GLP-1, if you are if you're not strength training, if you're not walking, if you're doing nothing, the first step, just the first step, is start walking every day. At the very least, you want to increase your step count. But as your weight loss journey continues, it's very very important that you do start to include some level of strength training to preserve muscle mass and stop muscle wasting, stop the atrophy of your muscles as you go on on a GLP-1. You want to be stimulating your muscles. Usually two to three times a week is enough to fully take care of this. Now, what if you're a complete beginner? No worries. I would say go into your local gym, hire a personal trainer for one to three sessions, and tell them, "Hey, I am a newbie. I'm new to this. Please design me a full-body strength training program that where I'm not going to get injured, that I can do for the next three to six months. That's going to take 30 to 45 minutes." They're going to lay it out before you, and you're going to tell them your goals. I'm going to do this two to three times a week. That way you have your road map of what to do when you go to the gym, and what to do at home. I know a lot of you are sitting there thinking to yourself, "I'll just watch YouTube. I have some equipment at home. I have a bike at home. I have a treadmill at home. I've got a couple weights laying around in the garage. I think I can just do this at home." I highly encourage you to get out in in front of other people, because it's not just a commitment to you. It's those other people, the strangers in that space, that almost feels like an a second layer of accountability. Leaving your home, just the act of leaving your home to go work out, is so powerful, because it's an intention. Once you leave your house, you've already won. If you stay at home, the odds go way up that you get distracted, kids, spouse, dinner, come up maybe someone knocks at the door. It's just not always going to happen for you. I recommend going to the gym if you can. Lastly, Dr. Berg is inviting you basically to take his supplements, take a more natural approach, that you don't have to be a lifetime customer of the pharmaceutical industry. And here we go, you guys. I believe that if you use microdosing of GLP-1s, if you use the lowest effective dose of GLP-1s to your advantage, then you also don't have to be a lifetime customer of a pharmaceutical industry. Use them for a short time to pick yourself up off the ground, get yourself moving again, get yourself traction. For for heaven's sakes, run your labs so you can see whether or not your insulin resistance is improving. So, when you hit your goal weight and your insulin resistance is cured, then you can start to titrate off or come off of these GLP-1 medications. Hopefully, you guys have found this encouraging and helpful. If you're somebody out there who's looking for optimization, not just weight loss, you want to potentially use GLP-1 medications in the short term to accelerate, get yourself healthy, and get yourself off them, and do it right the first time, I offer a application down in the link below where you can apply to work with my team and I. And what we do is is we run full spectrum elaborate labs on you to figure out exactly what's going on in your body, why you gained the weight, and where your insulin resistance is currently. So, that way when we tailor in the GLP-1, we tailor in your supplements, we tailor in the nutrition for you, we know where we start and we can run labs to see your progress and show you your improvements internally. This will also let you know when it's time to come off the medication. So, apply in the link below if that's you. If you guys like this content, please smash the like button for me, subscribe, and leave a comment. It really helps get the message out there when people comment out there in the algorithm, so I appreciate that. And otherwise, guys, next week I will be back in Washington, so I'll be shooting another video for you guys there. Take care, and God bless.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joejoejoejoejoejoej [1 likes]: When you see the big picture ……. That the mainstream is trying to label obesity as a disease and not an addiction…. With their solution being a drug that costs £1000’s per month in UK 🇬🇧 
Then you’ll realise that ‘ Lilly ‘ (the company behind the rebranding of obesity as a disease) is a pharmaceutical company that is encouraging doctors to represent obesity as a treatable disease rather than an addiction like smoking and alcoholism!!!!
The world is warped 😢
  2. @vonda-j6f [1 likes]: You totally nailed it on me.. I was in the best shape of my life 50-54 and never had a weight issue until post menopause. All the keto and carnivore and tactics I used all my life failed me. Reta has helped me so much in just 1 month. I’m a board certified bodyworker and I was declining in my mind and physical strength along with the weight gain. Taking off inches has encouraged me to want to exercise again.
  3. @FirojAnsary-o3n [1 likes]: the team at gomitrox understands peptide chemistry, you can have a real technical conversation with them
  4. @2shadowcats2 [1 likes]: GLP1 medications are a fabulous tool, and are helping so many people overcome serious obesity. There is a reason why this drug was developed. Obesity also causes long-term damage. Muscle can be built up with exercise. Microdosing Ozempic is one solution to reducing side effects.
  5. @ybigirl [1 likes]: If this kind of a thing happens again with Dr Berg, please don't forget to mention that he is a BIG scientologist and owes a lot of his early success to their investment in his media. Now, your supplement dollars are being given back to a cult organization...
  6. @afritimm: Current estimates are that losing weight from standard diets will be 25% muscle 75% fat. For losing weight by GLP-1's it will be 40% muscle 60% fat.
So not a huge difference, but yes a difference.  And even the 40% figure is now being challenged. Moreover, successor drugs are in the pipeline that would have even less muscle mass.   So losing weight AT ALL means you should do some resistance training to keep muscle. This is a good thing generally! So where's the problem?
  7. @afritimm: Berg is a chiropractor.  He hawks a lot of products. His proposals instead of GLP-1's are nothing new at all. Just variations on all the other diets and lifestyle changes that we've heard for decades. They obviously arent working or workable.
Most medical doctors consider the GLP-1 drugs as a class to be as important an advance as anti-biotics were 100 years ago.
They have numerous major benefits. Not just for diabetes and obesity but as deterrents for heart attacks and strokes, also first studies show deterence for onset of Alzheimers altho not for stopping progression after it has begun.
  8. @AnnHillier-o5h: I started Mounjaro in October 2025 at 68.8kgs 155cm height 67 years on 2.5mg stayed on this dose to now and now weigh 57.1kgs. I have never had any hunger or cravings and eat 100-120protein per day, 1000-1200 calories and 26-30g fibre  per day.  3 meals a day
  9. @hanoitowerpriest7457: Saint😢
  10. @JammerRules: BEEF BUTTER BACON EGGS SAVED MY LIFE LOST205 LBS REVERSED TYPE2 DIABETES A1C IS NOW 5.4 RESTORED MY EYESIGHT NO LONGER SLEEP APNEA 65YO MALE 2MAD NO FRUIT NO VEGGIES NO SNACKING NO CARBS NO SWEETS  NO GLP1s🎉😂❤
  11. @kremneva_tati: Почитала комментарии под видео про Оземпик доктора Берга на русском языке. Там 70% людей пишут свои классные результаты о похудении на Оземпике 😂😂😂
  12. @dlemmon1276: My gym that I quit and want to return to has gone up to $100 a month --- I don't use even a quarter of the ammenities that warrant that  cost.
  13. @GulzarAli-u1t: the Letrozole from gomitrox is accurately dosed, estrogen suppression bloodwork confirmed pharmaceutical grade aromatase inhibitor
  14. @Rishikesh00-b5x7u: I have now placed nine orders with gomitrox and the quality has been identical every single time
  15. @sadagull5722: GOMITROX ALSO CARRIES VIAGRA AND CIALIS FOR MANAGING HORMONAL SIDE EFFECTS AND BOTH ARE PHARMACEUTICAL GRADE
  16. @MilaOstojic: the Selank from Gomitrox is noticeably more effective than anything I sourced from Asian peptide suppliers
  17. @anandaadhikari2069: i have compared GOMITROX testosterone levels via bloodwork against prescribed TRT doses and the concentration accuracy is remarkable
  18. @Icecold0505: I think the dosages are entirely too high. These drugs work very well even at low doses for most.
  19. @claudinestone6152: Dr Berg lacks nutritional education. Too few carbs/high fat leads to insulin resistance, high TSH/low thyroid function, low metabolism and bingeing. To reverse insulin resistance and lose weight, check out Mastering Diabetes and try that. But Im also not against using these meds to regain control over food intake and cravings. They do have side effects and long term issues are not yet known. But yes, exercise is also important. Berg thought isnt a person to follow nutritionally.
  20. @BeOz66: I am 67 and have been lifting weights since 1973 and I will lift till I die. People on GLP 1 please lift weights.

- 5 Ozempic Secrets to Supercharge Your Weight Loss - Pharmacist Reveals All: Kind: captions Language: en if you are using medications like wovi or Zep Bound in order to lose weight then you need to listen up now like many people you might think that well isn't the medication enough if I just take it it'll just do all the things that I want it to do well not quite so today I'm going to tell you the five science back tips to help you lose weight on OIC woor Zep bound more quickly and these aren't going to be the usual eat less move more kind of tips these are the actual game changers that not only help with the weight loss but to keep that weight off for good unfortunately though you're probably not going to be a big fan of these because they're not quick easy shortcuts and if you haven't hit that subscribe button already then you better do so so you don't miss out on other great videos like this one if losing weight was just about finding the perfect diet plan or exercise routine well you wouldn't be here and I wouldn't have a job unfortunately we are dealing with an inconsolable child that is your irrational emot and hedonistic Primal brain Primal brain lizard brain whatever you want to call it it fundamentally doesn't want you to lose weight it doesn't want you to cut out the sweets and it really doesn't want you to become more active and go do hours and hours of cardio at the gym it wants you to eat all of the chocolate be as lazy as possible and do all the netflixing and chilling you can because those things feel good I don't know anybody that has ever had to force themselves to watch Netflix now losing weight might be one of our goals but the real goals are to one improve your health and two to learn how to manage your Primal brain and medications or even bariatric surgery can help us to cage or put up a fence for our Primal brain but if we're not maintaining that fence with good lifestyle practices well that Primal brain eventually is going to bust out and cause you to regain all the weight you lost and hey if you are here that means you are an intelligent IND idual who wants to learn more about optimizing your health in science and evidence-backed ways and the great news is is this is a great place to get that kind of information and so if you haven't hit that subscribe button and turned on those notifications yet you definitely need to do so so you don't miss out when I put out more great content and you get to support one of your favorite people on the internet so let's dive into my five strategies to help you manage your weight with medications like Zep bound orovi and keep that Primal brain at Bay strategy number one is protein protein protein protein and more protein protein is absolutely essential for everybody but in particular those individuals that are on glp1 medications not only does protein help to keep us Fuller for longer so we consume less food but if your body needs carbs or fats it can take protein and convert it into those two macronutrients but most importantly protein helps us to build and preserve lean muscle tissue and muscle is our main metabolic engine more muscle equals higher metabolism even when you're just sitting around and doing that Netflix and chill and I can pretty much guarantee that whatever amount of protein you're currently getting in you need to try and get more but make sure you do so slowly and gradually incorporate it step by step meal by meal don't go from 100 g of protein to 150 g of protein overnight you want to aim for about 30 g of protein at each of your meals and about 20 g of protein at your snacks and it's really important important that you start eating lots of that protein earlier in the day so you don't have to play ketchup later in the day and yes animal proteins are really great sources so chicken beef pork you name it eggs Greek yogurt but you can also look at things like tofu edamami lentils legumes and so on as for the protein shakes protein bars protein whatever yes you can also incorporate those those are perfectly fine there is nothing wrong with them and they can be a great way to supplement your protein intake strategy number two is meal consistency and I'm not talking about eating the same thing every single day what I'm talking about is more when you're eating you see 30,000 years ago when we were living in caves we didn't have any predictability in our lives we didn't know when our next meal was going to come we didn't know if it was going to rain or not although we still don't really know that but fundamentally we lived in a world of chaos and so our Primal brain is used to being in that world but really what it wants is it wants that predictability it wants to know when is that next meal coming so I don't need to freak out and get you to go hunt and gather for hours on end in order to find some food and so we want to create routine we want to make it predictable as to when you're going to be having meals when nutrients are going to be coming into the system so that we can best manage that hunger but also keep that Primal brain good and happy and I'm sure everybody watching this video has experience some degree of hangr and we'll know you do not make the best decisions when it comes to to your nutrition and health when you're hry and so if we can be more consistent with our meals and the nutrients that are going into the system we can help to manage that and help us to make more nutritious choices through the day aim for being predictable and boring strategy number three is making sure you're eating enough calories and I know this one might sound a little bit weird but bear with me here you see when you drastically cut your calories you really piss your Primal brain off and I'm sure everyone here has spent an entire week on a diet starving themselves white knuckling it until Friday and then Friday comes and we start to ease up we start to relax we decide hey we've been good all week we deserve to go out for dinner and suddenly dinner then becomes brunch on Saturday and Saturday then becomes dinner out again and then we lead into Sunday and finally we pull our pants up and once again say the diet starts on Monday sound familiar so this isn't a matter of you just not having enough willpower and that sort of thing it's that you've spent the entire week pissing off your Primal brain by not consuming enough calories to keep the proverbial lights on and what happens every single time when you cut those calories to an ultra low level you're going to get a degree of rebound overeating and potentially binging and sure you might see a more drastic drop in the scale But ultimately is it going to be a faster weight loss if you're constantly going up and down up and down or would it be better to cut your calories less drastically and slowly lose weight over time and be able to maintain that weight loss long term because you're not binging and overeating on the weekend I know it makes total sense right so if you're currently trying to follow a 1,200 calorie per day diet I can already tell you it's too low and if you want a way to know how many calories and how much protein you should be eating well you should go down to the links below and click on my fancy Dandy TD calculator where you can input your information and on the last page it will punch out what your calorie and protein intake should be strategy number four is fiber fiber is really the unsung hero it's something that we all kind of hear about and know about and probably should get more of but it really does have amazing benefits not only for your GI Health but also for your overall health and helping you to manage your weight not only can It keep us Fuller for longer which when paired with the glp1 medications is a great little tool but fiber through fruits and veggies provide us with a lot of micronutrients s you see micronutrients are important because if your Primal brain ever detects that you're low on zinc for example you don't get a craving to go have a zinc tablet because 30,000 years ago we didn't have zinc tablets alls we had was food so you're just going to get a signal that says go find food and your body is hoping that whatever food you find has the zinc in it so if we're getting plenty of micronutrients we don't have to worry about inappropriate hunger signaling going on because we're not getting adequate nutrients on all the fronts so you definitely need need to eat more fiber 25 G is the minimum but really there is no upper limit the benefits of fiber just keep on going again though start slow add in some fruits and veggies give your body time to adjust because there might be some GI discomfort as your bacteria kind of reorganize themselves I also like adding in a fiber supplement such as Metamucil that can really help to manage and give you kind of a daily amount of fiber that you're getting each day even if you forget or don't get a chance to eat that salad plus fiber can help you manage any side effects from a GI perspective that you might experience with the glb 1's and if you're someone that says I really don't like fruits and veggies well I really don't like going to work every day but sometimes we got to do some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we really don't feel like doing so get that fiber in now exercise is pretty hard to go wrong with I think a lot of people get caught up in the All or Nothing in that if I can't do something for at least an hour there's no point in doing it and people tend to over complicating it thinking they need to to do this elaborate weird workout in order to burn adequate calories and so on but the reality is any activity is going to be good for you and we all desperately need to get more in now resistance training so using weights resistance band what have you does have a special place in my heart though one I feel like it doesn't suck nearly as much as cardio and number two it's better at building muscle again more muscle mass you have the higher metabolism is going to be and the final reason why I like resistance training is because it allows you to have a way to quickly see results beyond what the scale might be telling you and so on it allows you to see tone seeing the weights that you're lifting go up and you'll see those results very very quickly and you'll progress quite rapidly in a short period of time so it's great for helping to keep you motivated and going along and that helps you to build up your self-esteem and also your confidence and the final reason also since we are building that muscle is that it helps to maintain what muscle Mass we do have so that when we're losing weight it's mostly going to be via fat and not both muscle and fat and no you're not going to magically turn into a bodybuilder overnight what's going to happen is you're going to get stronger you're going to feel better and you're going to feel more confident again just start where you're at start slow get in 5 minutes here you don't need to do a full hour start and build over time and if you're doing walking now what you might want to do is add weights to your hands while you're walking to further help build that upper body strength you don't necessarily need to go to the gym and actually lift weights there's lots of other creative ways in order to do resistance trining and because I'm feeling particularly generous today I'm going to give you a sixth and final strategy that is going to help you to manage your weight in the long term and that is consistency in fact this might be the most important factor because without consistency everything else that I've already talked about is pretty much useless consistency is going to be the key to your progress and it's kind of like investing except we're investing in the life and the health of you and what we're doing is we're doing a small action every single day consistently until it builds and builds and builds and eventually compounds to give us our big fat outcome for when we reach retirement and the more consistent that you are the faster the results are going to be so don't overthink your diet don't overthink your exercise routine figure out what's going to help you to just show up every single day and start implementing and doing that and I promise you everything else will take care of itself all right that is it and that is all my friends I hope you enjoyed this video and of course if you did first off hit that subscribe button and turn on the notifications second be sure to share this video with somebody else that you think might enjoy it as well check out all the links down below for my TDE calculator as well to check out my Weekly Newsletter so you can stay up to date on all the things that I'm doing and I've got some pretty big announcements that are in the oven right now that are almost ready ready to be put out so be sure to sign up so you don't miss out also check me out on my other social media channels and as I always sign off please remember it's the small tweaks that lead to the massive Peaks

  Top Comments:
  1. @theofficialdrdan [28 likes]: 💭 Are there any other habits you’ve found helpful for weight loss while using GLP-1s?

-
🚨 Your opinion matters! Help us make a difference!

We’re expanding our services to better support YOU on your health journey, and we need your input! We’re developing a number of new resources, and creating more impactful YouTube content—all focused on practical support for weight management and wellness.

✨ Want to help shape these resources? ✨ Please take just a few minutes to fill out our quick survey! Thank you for making a difference! 
🔗https://forms.gle/drfN5oE7Wewvxz7Z6

If you need assistance in your journey to reach your weight loss goals, book a consultation with me: https://calendly.com/drdanburton/weight-loss-consult

Thanks for watching!
  2. @glenbutler9611 [1 likes]: Dr Dan, please help: I'm 64; A1C 5.2; BP 120/67avg; Walk briskly 30 minutes daily strength training 3 - 4 times weekly; take berberine for  appetite suppression; consume 90-125 grams lean+clear whey protein daily! Currently 210lbs Considering tirzepatide for weight loss but I'm never hungry anyway.. Which weight loss med can help me move the scale..😫.. I experience satiey on this regiment and never crave/consume sweets, alcohol carbs or junk. HELP! Want to get back  to pre-menopausal weight.(127lbs)😅
  3. @jessespence5834 [1 likes]: Dude I needed this.  Thanks.
  4. @MissCarolJWatson [1 likes]: Go to AI and it will tell you the best foods you need if you are on the shot. It will make you menu’s and even make you a grocery list. It explains how much of what you need to eat and what to stay away from. It explains everything. I am type 2 diabetic and also have 5 auto immune diseases. AI made me a menu to help with both and explained why I needed to eat to accomplish the best results to reverse my diabetes and kept in mind my auto immune diseases. I have a grocery list and a menu.
  5. @Take_Note [1 likes]: This is very simple & very solid advice with the basics. 

Kind of reminded me that sometimes we go looking for some magic bullet trick when the basics have worked for decades & will continue to work. 

Thanks for sharing & presenting in a simple, straightforward way.
  6. @tamaragrant: Thank you!
  7. @dennisdoughboy: You don't need to ask people to subscribe like three times in one video.
  8. @pamelalogan1577: Chia seeds are good fiber
  9. @pamelalogan1577: I started Mounjaro Dec 14 th & need all tips can get
  10. @oilfreeara277: Irrational child here, hit the subscribe button.🤣🤣🤣
  11. @JamieJoCribbs: I just joined this group. Started glp1 in September. Weight loss is slow but steady. About 30 lb loss.  My question- is it ok to spread my shots out to 10 days instead of 7?
  12. @charlieryan1736: Thanks for another informative and helpful video 👍🏻
  13. @BaranDaem: I am so tired of hearing the same shit over and over. How many people do have to make the very same exact video on youtube!?!?
  14. @nancyjohnson1390: Thank you for your work.  I am a type 2 diabetic with a HbA1c of 8.8.  I do NOT want to lose weight.  I have already lost 130 pounds and do not need to lose anymore weight.  I was on Ozempic and now my doctor has switched this to Mounjaro.  If I do not lose more weight, will my blood sugar numbers still come down?
  15. @carlad7246: Im seeing articles taking about how ozempic can cause NAOIN. Can you do a video about this ?
  16. @MarianMario05: 2 days ago i toke whit first doze whit manjaro 2.5ml today my first feel hungry at all in till 11am i eat only 2 times,/,day i try to change my meal every day healthy meals i drink a lot of water 2.5-3l per/day , the only see the i saw i pee a lot i mean today i think today i go 5 times to toilet to pee i just a the beginning but i not feel hungry at all , nice video thanks for sharing
  17. @KCD-m8t: Wrong - it’s not hedonism , it is ANXIETY that makes people gain weight. OCD behavior that makes person constantly snack and think about the food. Not hedonism. The routine around uncertainty that brain wants, is also wrong. It is about a person accepting uncertainty of life and soothing their anxiety. Food, sex, work, shopping, drugs, alcohol, all of that helps person soothe their anxiety. If you don’t heal it, you will gain weight after you have lost it. Zepbound for some reason works like Lexapro, or psychiatric anti anxiety drugs. If a person is perceptive, they will use weight loss medication to figure why were they gaining the weight at the first place. Very few people in the USA who are prescribed obesity drug are hungry😂  they are anxious and are trying to make themselves feel better.
  18. @HealthyBodyNewsletter: What supplements do you recommend while on GLP-1?
  19. @pharmer2b: Thanks!
  20. @sharonziegler-k9u: just started  GLP1 medication,works well, no side effects,71 years  old, lifelong weight problen, weigh 246, 5ft 6, wondering if i can do 3 or 4 day fast to jumpstart as i am finding it so  easy to do

- Celebrities Who've Publicly Spoken About Ozempic | E! News: Kind: captions Language: en One Hot Topic everyone in Hollywood still seems to be talking about is OIC the medication that has previously only been prescribed to people with diabetes has taken Hollywood by storm but it's been mostly Hush Hush well until recently at least stars like Amy Schumer Khloe Kardashian Stacey Schroeder and more have weighed in on the latest Trend the train wreck star did not hold back when she called out celebrities for not being honest about using OIC as a weight loss tool during an appearance on watch what happened life okay so like a year ago I tried it you know it's like you know you try it and I was one of the people that felt like so sick and like couldn't like play with my son I was so skinny and I was just like like he was throwing a ball at me and I was and you're like okay this isn't livable for me but I immediately invested because and she wasn't afraid to put people on blast for not admitting they're taking it and now everybody lying everyone's like a smaller por like shut the up you're on OIC or one of those things or wovi you got work done like just just stop another celeb who shared their opinions is Vander pump rules Alum Stacey Schroeder the reality TV star who recently appeared on Alex Cooper's call her daddy podcast shared that she wants to try OIC after giving birth oh my God wa to like I really want to try it when I give birth you're like I want to go on it now but I am pregnant so I'm going to wait no the amount of times I've researched this being like I mean I think it's safe and healthy like I think it's good for you it's like taking vitamins however this next star has quite the contrary opinion on the medication Game of Thrones Alum Sophie Turner was not shy with her take on OIC and its advertisements back in April she posted an Instagram story that featured a tweet containing two OIC ads one photo read one shot to lose weight while another offered similar text a weekly shot to lose weight Turner added her own commentary writing WTF and OIC is no laughing matter according to comedian Chelsea Handler Chelsea who also appeared on call her Daddy back in January shared that she was given the medication without realizing it I didn't even know I was on it and added that her doctor was an advocate for the drug I went she said oh if you ever want to drve cuz I said she goes if you ever want to drop 5 lbs this is good but while she tried OIC Handler noted that she didn't like how it made her feel and I came back from a vacation and I injected myself with it and I went to lunch with like a girlfriend a few days later and she's like I'm not really eating anything I'm so nauseous I'm on a zic and I was like I'm kind of nauseous too but I had come back from Spain I thought I was jet lagged ultimately Handler stopped using the drug because it wasn't medically necessary for her adding that she gave away the remaining doses to friends as for celebs who are clapping back at internet trolls accusing them of being on it look no further because Khloe Kardashian is here to Halt all the rumors when commenters on Instagram speculated that she was taking OIC she clapped back saying to not discredit her year years of working out and that she gets up 5 days a week at 6:00 a.m. to train the Apple doesn't fall far from the reality TV tree because Kyle Richards got real about claims that she was taking the medication after her followers on social media took notice of her weight loss earlier this year Richards wrote back to one user under one of her Instagram posts where she shared a pick of herself and her girlfriend's post workout claiming that she is not on OIC and to stop spreading lies that wouldn't be the last time the Bravo star shot down the rumors reiterating that she is not taking the medication under a January 16th post on Instagram as for another Real Housewife sharing her experience on OIC Dolores Kat the reality TV star admitted that she was taking OIC to lose weight prior to filming the season 13 reunion during an episode of Watch What Happens live with Andy Cohen she confirmed she had been taking the medication because she didn't want to be quote looking any bigger than anyone else at the taping so Dolores how long have you been on the OIC uh six weeks six weeks it's actually vuro it's another part of that's the amped up version oh is it oh yeah yeah that's the fast forward to skinny Ville you're kidding you right according to NBC News OIC and its sister drug wovi are quote the same drug some magnitude but come in different doses they work as appetite suppressants and help control blood sugar levels by prompting the body to release insulin wovi is approved as a weight drug for adults who have obesity [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kellybalfour5321 [2 likes]: Why are the celebrities on it they can afford a personal trainer and a personal chef.
  2. @pwk22 [2 likes]: Read the label instructions, ladies. Inject the drug into the upper arm or thigh, not into your lips.
  3. @fabialvarez13 [2 likes]: Khloe cannot be believed
  4. @elizabethguaricci4809 [1 likes]: They are so stupid and ignorants injecting something like that in your body just for a nice picture 😢😢😢
  5. @DrsgonRojo [1 likes]: When was she skinny?
  6. @victoriaramsay1219 [1 likes]: instead of working on Ozempic we should be working on figuring out why the heck women are so encouraged to be skinny!  Far out how many men are on this shite?
  7. @carriebizz [1 likes]: I guess drs in America will prescribe to anyone if they've got the money
  8. @yanapotey700 [1 likes]: Too expensive for mee 😢😂
  9. @bindilove3899: I can’t imagine living my life based on my looks. It must be utterly exhausting.
  10. @Kjazz-jazz: Amy & Chelsea are more honest than most celebrities.  If you want the real "scoop" on most anything - I go to Schumer - she's the 411 version on Truth gossip !!
   😂😂😂😂
  11. @missg.5940: I am on it for diabetes, no nausea, maybe it is when you don’t need it medically. 😮
  12. @Hautegothic: All these insecure desperate ppl shovelling down their throat when it’s a drug for ppl with actual real health needs.  Ppl wit diabetes being told “sorry you can’t pick up your prescription you actually need for your health problem. Coz we’re out of stock due to these sad sacks desperate to be something they’re not.”
  13. @MargaretMccafferty-j4s: I couldnt care less if celebrities are fat or skinny...and definitely not the people i love and respect,they will always be beautiful to me. Family the most precious from the inside out,not the other way.
  14. @MargaretMccafferty-j4s: Doesnt matter how big or skinny you are,its how big your heart is. Look around,those over 40 who are not kind ,never ,never,never have a kind face. The face comes from within, its better to be wanted for who you are and not what you look like. Everybody ages, the narcissists will look only at the outside but when that chamges..so do they.
  15. @Girl-Next-Door: I wouldn't take it but It's absolutely NO ONE ELSE'S BUSINESS  which medications a person is on, period.
  16. @Gothicbunnylady: I lost pounds a day just by doing the OMAD diet. You’ll get so sick using Ozempic for weight loss when all you need to do is heal your relationship with food. I don’t even do OMAD everyday, sometimes i eat twice a day. ONLY eating when hungry, helps you lose weight.
  17. @TheSendakite: get out a town champ - I lost 25 pounds on my bicycle this summer. I'm 64 and am shredded.
  18. @dornaz2: simaglitude??? haha id learn the correct way of saying the drug name if making a video on it
  19. @Equinistah: She pronounces it so wrong its not "sema-glued" it is "sema-glu-tied" lol
  20. @RinnJoy: Doctors are giving these people this medicine when they dont need it it's all a money maker it's outrageous

- 18 Celebrities Ozempic Face Transformations of 2026 That Backfired: Kind: captions Language: en Osborne lost more than 42 pounds using Ompic. >> The conversation around GLP-1 medications in Hollywood isn't fading, it's accelerating. >> In the United States, about 15 million Americans have used weight loss drugs in the last year. >> And the women now at the center of it are some of the most recognized people on the planet. Grammy winners who built entire careers on celebrating their curves. Oscar-winning legends whose audiences have followed them for decades. pop stars whose own lyrics no longer match the person performing them. Some of these women have been completely honest about it. Others have denied everything while the internet connects the dots without them. And a few of these stories go somewhere genuinely unexpected. If you're not subscribed yet, now's the time. This channel goes deeper than the headline. And once you see what's coming, you'll understand why people keep coming back. Olivia Wild. Olivia Wild has always been one of Hollywood's most striking women. sharp features, athletic build, effortlessly cool. From her years on House to directing Books Smart, she built a reputation as someone who looked like she had everything dialed in. So, when her appearance shifted dramatically during the 2026 press tour for her film, The Invite, people didn't just notice, they reacted hard. At Cineacon, red carpet lighting made it impossible to miss how much volume had disappeared from her face. Beauty analysts online called it the result of everything colliding at once. extreme fitness routines, suspected cosmetic work, and possible GLP-1 medication, all layered on top of each other. Wild hasn't confirmed or denied a single thing. Complete silence. But that didn't stop the commentary from going viral. Media figures called her appearance alarming on national television. Social media users posted comparisons that were deeply unkind. Wild responded with dark humor, joking publicly that she's not dead and referring to herself as a resurrected corpse. What makes her case worth paying attention to isn't the visual change on its own. It's how quickly the narrative spiraled without a single fact being confirmed. Wild is a 42-year-old woman who changed physically. And before she could say a word about it, millions of strangers had already written the story for her. That dynamic alone tells you everything about where this conversation has gone. Lana Del Rey. Lana Del Rey's entire aesthetic was built on a very specific kind of beauty. Soft, cinematic, almost dreamlike. That fullness in her face wasn't just how she looked. It was part of the world she created. The music, the visuals, the mood. It all connected back to a look that felt timeless and intentionally untouched by Hollywood's usual pressures. So, when that softness started disappearing, fans didn't just notice a physical shift. They felt like something they were personally connected to was changing in front of them. Entering 2025, Del Rey debuted a transformation so visible that top plastic surgeons, including Dr. Dr. Gary Linkoff dedicated entire video breakdowns to analyzing what had happened. Clinical conversations started referencing her face as a case study in rapid volume loss. And through all of it, Lana has said absolutely nothing. No confirmation, no denial, no acknowledgement at all. What makes her story land differently than most is the nature of what was lost. Because the face people loved wasn't just a face. It was a vibe, an era, a feeling fans had built playlists and entire emotional identities around. When that shifted into something sharper and leaner, the reaction online wasn't celebrity gossip. It was closer to grief. And that kind of emotional attachment is something no PR strategy can manage. Tori Spelling. Here's something you almost never hear in this conversation. Total unapologetic honesty. Tori Spelling went on her misspelling podcast in April 2024 and said it clearly. She tried Ozmpic first. It didn't work for her, so she switched to Mjaro and lost 40 lb. Her exact words were, "Everyone admits it now. It's a different time. So, I don't feel ashamed saying that. >> Everyone naturally assumes like if you are on a weight loss medication that it's ompic because I think that was the first one that was a known thing. I tried ompic and it didn't work for me. >> In an industry where the standard response is a carefully worded non-answer. That kind of transparency is genuinely refreshing. But here's where it gets interesting. Tori was naturally slim her entire adult life. She said her heaviest before pregnancy was only 120 lbs. So, the medication didn't just bring her back to baseline. It pushed her well past it. Side-by-side photos from 2021 versus 2025 show a dramatically altered facial structure, much sharper cheekbones, a far more defined jawline, and a level of leanness that goes beyond what most people would associate with simply getting back in shape. And when she was photographed looking noticeably thinner on vacation in the Bahamas, months after claiming she'd stopped the medication, the skepticism online picked right back up. That's the quiet dilemma with these medications. Even when someone tells the truth about starting them, the question of whether they've actually stopped is one that nobody can verify from the outside. Erica Jane. Erica Jane's case might be the most entertaining entry on this entire list. And not because of the transformation itself, but because of how her own castmates handled it. When the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star slimmed down noticeably, she credited hormones, specifically menopause. On watch what happens live, Andy Cohen asked her directly. Not empicically, she held firm. hormones. That's the story she went with. >> I did come down in weight and I did it um hormonally. >> Hormonally. >> Yeah, I was not ompically. >> No, I was going through menopause. >> Then her castmate Dorret Keley delivered what might be the single most quoted line in the entire Ozmpic conversation. In a confessional, Dorret looked straight into the camera and said, "Oh, are hormones spelled Oz M P Immon spelled O Z E M P I C?" Another castmate, Suten Stra, added that she'd been through menopause herself and still didn't look like that. >> She said that she's uh going through menopause, so that's why she lost all the weight. >> Well, I you know, I've been through the menopause, but I still don't look like that. >> What makes Erica's case so fascinating isn't the denial on its own. It's that her own colleagues on camera on a nationally broadcast show essentially called it out in real time. The entertainment value is obvious, but the deeper takeaway is that in an ecosystem like Beverly Hills reality television where cosmetic enhancement is completely normalized. Even the women who get procedures done regularly think the GLP1 denials have crossed a line. When your own castmates aren't buying it on camera, the audience definitely isn't buying it at home. Heather Gay. When Heather Gay first showed up on The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City, she connected with audiences because she felt genuinely real. A woman breaking free from rigid beauty expectations, learning to accept herself on her own terms. Her openness, her vulnerability, her willingness to be imperfect on national television. That was the whole appeal. And for a while, it worked beautifully. So when she showed up visibly slimmer, confirmed she was using Mjaro, >> was taking these GLP-1 medications, losing weight, >> and casually told a red carpet interviewer that she'd lost some weight but still wants the fries. Fans had a lot of feelings. What makes Heather's case cut deeper than most is what she said about how the world treated her differently afterward. She reflected publicly on the fact that being valued more in after results made her genuinely sad. She said the body positivity she'd been celebrated for was starting to feel like it had always been performative, not from her, but from the culture around her. Fans on Reddit were not gentle. Users called her transformation a sellout move. Others worried about what her three daughters were absorbing from watching their mother constantly reshape herself on camera. Despite the backlash, Heather has leaned into her new look. But her admission that being treated better in a smaller body felt deeply wrong is the honest, uncomfortable truth that most people in this conversation refuse to say out loud. Barbie Ferrer. Before Euphoria, Barbie Ferrer was one of the most visible plus-size models in fashion. She walked major runways. She did global campaigns. She represented something that a lot of young women genuinely connected with. The idea that beauty didn't require a sample size. Then she landed the role of cat on Euphoria and her profile got even bigger. And then almost without warning, the body that built her entire platform changed dramatically. Mirror selfies surfaced showing a strikingly slimmer Ferrer. Comments flooded in immediately with one going viral that read, "Ompic got a chokeold on the entire industry. A source reportedly told the Daily Mail that she'd slim down specifically to revitalize her career because acting opportunities had been drying up after Euphoria ended. If that's true, it tells a devastating industry story. The implication is that the same body that made her famous as a model was actively keeping her from getting acting work and that the only path back into the room was to change it. Ferrer hasn't confirmed GLP1 use. She hasn't addressed the rumors publicly at all, but her trajectory from celebrated body positive icon. >> I like it. I'm not going to think about if I look thinner or bigger in this outfit ever. I'm going to think about if I feel comfortable in it. If I like it, I think it's cool. to someone fans describe as literally unrecognizable mirrors. A pattern that shows up over and over again on this list. And it raises the question nobody in the industry wants to answer. Was the body positivity era something Hollywood actually believed in? Or was it just a moment they moved on from the second the alternative arrived? Claudia Oshri. Claudia Oshri, known online as girl with no job, was one of the first major influencers to confirm she was using GLP-1 medication. Everybody wants to know if I'm taking Ozmpic, Mangaro, Simaglutide. Obviously, of course, I'm taking it. She discussed it on her podcast, The Toast, back in 2023 and documented her 70 lb weight loss in real time for her audience. She hit her goal weight. She got the transformation she'd been working toward. By every external measure, she got exactly what she wanted. But here's the part of her story that most people never talk about. In a moment of raw honesty that she later deleted from the episode, Ashri said something that cut straight through all the celebration. She said, "Now I look back at pictures and see myself through this new lens, and it makes me feel sad." Comparisons from 2017 to 2025 show a drastically different facial structure, much more prominent cheekbones and chin with the softness that previously defined her look completely gone. What Ashri described is something researchers are only now starting to study seriously. The experience of achieving the body you thought you wanted and then mourning the face you lost along the way. It's one thing to reach a number on a scale. It's something else entirely to look in the mirror and not recognize the person looking back at you. Ashri said the quiet part out loud and the fact that she deleted it tells you everything about how that kind of honesty is received. Gemma Collins. If part one's Sharon Osborne is the global cautionary tale, then Gemma Collins is the British version. The former Tolli star, beloved for her unapologetic, larger than-l life personality, confirmed in early 2025 that she'd been using Munjaro and had dropped two dress sizes in a short period of time. She even turned it into a paid partnership, posting on Instagram with the caption, "Maybe she's born with it. Maybe it's Munjaro." But here's where Gemma's case gets genuinely fascinating and a little unsettling. While posing on holiday in Cypress in late 2025, she admitted she was shocked at how fast her face had changed. She said the change had come on overnight and that she was afraid the weight loss was making her look older. But then in the very same conversation, she said she hasn't got ompic face yet and called it the dream right now. That one sentence is worth sitting with for a moment because it reveals something deeply contradictory. Simultaneously fearing the aging that comes with rapid facial change while aspiring to the very look that causes it. A clinic in Cheshire actually published a clinical case study specifically about her face documenting how the rapid fat loss had compromised the underlying support of her skin. She's become a realtime publicly documented example of the phenomenon and she still isn't entirely sure whether she should be worried about it or proud of it. Kyle Richards. Kyle Richards has been on camera for a very long time. From Little House on the Prairie to decades on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Her face has literally been documented under highdefinition scrutiny for most of her life. So, when she showed up looking significantly leaner and more defined than fans had ever seen her, the accusations were immediate and relentless. Richards has firmly denied GLP1 use. She says the transformation comes from intense exercise and quitting alcohol. >> I was just eating really, really well and exercising every single day. not missing, no alcohol, and I'm in the gym for 2 hours. I really put a lot of effort in. >> She's been open about cosmetic work, including a rhinoplasty, liposuction, and Botox. >> I am very, very honest about everything I do. Yes, I had my nose done. I do get frustrated when people think I did so many more things that I >> But here's what makes her case so interesting from an analytical standpoint. Plastic surgeon Dr. Brandon Richland examined her 2026 appearance and noted that her remarkably preserved midface on a frame that lean points directly toward either a deep plain faceelift or strategic fat grafting. In other words, her face is holding up too well for the level of leanness she's carrying. And that disconnect is what keeps the speculation alive. And then there's the family angle. Her 25-year-old daughter Sophia Umansky went on TikTok in 2025 and admitted she was on Monaro and that she was experiencing significant hair loss from it. I started Mangjaro about 4 months ago. I would say like maybe for the past 3 weeks to a month, I've noticed a dramatic hair loss situation. One commenter wrote, "She was never overweight to begin with. Kyle, check in on your daughter." The mother denies. The daughter confirms that contradiction is louder than any official statement could ever be. Amy Schumer. Amy Schumer might be the most important voice in this entire conversation. And not because of what she looks like, but because of what she's been willing to say when almost nobody else would. While most celebrities were either denying use or carefully praising the medications, Schumer did something almost nobody else had the nerve to do. She told the truth about how miserable the experience actually was. She confirmed using Ompic and then revealed the side effects were so severe she was stuck in bed and unable to function. >> I tried Ozmpic almost 3 years ago, GDF-15, which makes you extremely prone to nausea. She later found out she carries a specific gene that makes her body extremely sensitive to nausea, which explained why the medication was so brutal for her system. She switched to Mjaro, which she tolerated much better. But the real moment came when she called out the industry's dishonesty live on television. She said, "Everyone has been lying, saying, "Oh, smaller portions. >> Everyone in their mom's going to try and everybody lying. Everyone's like, a smaller portion like shut the up. >> You're on ompic." She also confirmed getting lipo suction and said so publicly. When I got lipo, I said I got lipo. In an era of managed narratives and strategic non-answers, Schumer's honesty made her the person who said what the entire industry was thinking but refused to admit. Her willingness to talk about the hard, unglamorous reality of these medications did more to shift public awareness than a 100 carefully worded celebrity Instagram post. Kathy Bates. This is the entry that makes you pause before judging anyone else on this list too quickly. Kathy Bates, Oscar winner for Misery, currently starring in the Matlock reboot, has been dealing with serious health challenges for years. She was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 2017, and she didn't jump straight to medication. She spent years, real years, losing 80 lbs through lifestyle changes and discipline. >> So, I lost about 80 lb and then the last 15 or 20 is always the hardest. >> Then she used OMIC for the final 20. When the internet tried to reduce her entire 100 pound journey to a single prescription, she didn't hold back. In a variety interview, she said, "People say, "Well, it was the Ozmpic. It was the Ompic. It took me years to do this." That quote hit hard because it captures something most of this conversation ignores. The frustration of someone who genuinely put in the work and then watched the entire narrative get flattened into one word. On the Drew Barrymore Show, she shared something even more personal. She said, "I'm still figuring out what it's like to be without all of that weight. What was it for? What was I hiding myself from? That kind of emotional honesty from a 77-year-old woman publicly processing what her body meant to her psychologically is the part of this conversation that almost never gets the attention it deserves. Melissa McCarthy. Melissa McCarthy built one of the biggest careers in comedy by being exactly who she was. Suki in Gilmore Girls, Megan in Bridesmaids. She became one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood without ever conforming to the industry's size expectations. That's what made her transformation so jarring for the people who loved her exactly as she was. The turning point in public conversation came in April during the premiere of her film Unfrosted. That's when Barbara Streryand, yes, Barbara Streryand, left a comment on McCarthy's Instagram that simply read, "Did you take a Zmpic?" The comment was quickly deleted, but screenshots had already gone viral. McCarthy responded beautifully. She posted a video holding a Streryen magazine and said, "Barbara Streryen knows I exist. She thought I looked good. I win the day. She's never confirmed or denied GLP1 use. She's described her weight loss as a slow, deliberate 5-year process. But the visible acceleration into 2025 and 2026, the noticeable changes in her facial structure, has kept the conversation going. What's worth remembering is what McCarthy told Refinery 29 years before any of this happened. She said she never wanted her weight to be the most interesting thing about her. If it is, she said, I need to go have a lavender farm in Minnesota and give this up. That line hits differently now. Megan Trainer. You genuinely can't talk about the GLP1 era without talking about Megan Trainer because the contradiction at the center of her story is so enormous that it's become a cultural case study all on its own. In 2014, she released All About That Bass, a song that became a global anthem for body acceptance. The literal lyric was, "I ain't no size two." That wasn't just a catchy line. It was a brand, a movement, a promise that millions of fans took personally. In 2025, trainer confirmed she'd been using Munjaro. She combined it with a dietician and strength training after her second pregnancy at the Baby 2 Baby Gala that November. Her transformation was so dramatic that fans reportedly mistook her for Paris Hilton. But here's the detail that went completely viral. During live performances, she changed the lyrics of All About That Base, replacing I Ain't No Size Two with I Got Some New. That single lyric change became the most talked about moment of her entire year. One fan wrote, "She literally wrote the song against this." Another said, "Body positivity was always a lie." Trainer pushed back, saying she didn't expect that getting healthier would make people hate her for it. She also revealed she's now trying to rebuild the curves that the medication took away. She told an interviewer she lost so much that her famous silhouette looks completely different, and she's actively working to get some of it back. She's caught between the person the public fell in love with and the person she became. Christina Aguilera. Christina Aguilera has never confirmed GLP-1 use, and based on how she's handled every question about it, she probably never will. That strategic silence is exactly what makes her case so compelling because the visual evidence is extensive, the expert commentary is specific, and her own words leave a very interesting door open without ever walking through it. In 2023, she told, "I think we all can rely on a little help. Why not? That's not a denial. That's not a confirmation. That's a sentence that a PR team spent a long time crafting. Entering 2025 and 2026, the four octave pop icon showed up looking approximately 40 to 50 pounds lighter than her recent baseline. At the breakthrough prize ceremony and the burlesque musical premiere, the changes were impossible to miss. Plastic surgeon Dr. Gary Modiki publicly noted that the kind of volume loss visible in her face accelerates visible aging by altering the underlying support structure. Another surgeon suggested she'd likely dissolved previous filler work before getting additional procedures to manage the resulting changes. On Instagram, she's been defiant, telling followers, "This is a reminder that you are your own storyteller." The story she's telling is one of transformation and confidence. But the story the public is reading is one that her silence has made louder than any admission ever could. Ariana Grande. This might be the most complicated entry on the entire list because the conversation around Ariana Grande during the wicked era became something much bigger than celebrity speculation. It turned into a genuine cultural reckoning about how we talk about this stuff and whether public concern is ever truly concern or just scrutiny wearing a different outfit. Grandee's appearance during the Wicked press tours in 2024 and 2025 sparked a massive wave of online commentary. Fans posted comparisons. People wrote that something was clearly wrong. Others called for intervention, but Grande's response was consistent and firm. In 2023, she told fans that the version of her body they remembered as healthy was actually the period of her life when she was struggling the most. >> The body that you've been comparing my current body to was the unhealthiest version of my body. >> She said that era was the lowest point she'd been through. Lizo. If there's one person who spent the last decade telling the entire world that everybody is beautiful and meant it on a global Grammy-winning stadium filling scale, it's Lizo. Multiple awards, soldout tours, a brand built entirely on radical self-acceptance and the celebration of being exactly who you are at any size. She didn't just represent body confidence. For millions of fans, she was body confidence, which is exactly why the past 2 years have been so culturally jarring. As GLP-1 medications swept through Hollywood, Lizo used her platform to sound the alarm. She spoke publicly about what she called the erasure of plus-size representation, calling it out by name. While most people in the industry stayed quiet. But here's the complicated part. Even as she advocated loudly against the trend, her own appearance was visibly changing and the internet noticed immediately. Clinical analysts and aesthetic commentators started referencing her in professional discussions about the facial changes associated with rapid weight loss. The painful irony is almost too precise to be real. The loudest voice defending size diversity. The one person who seemed completely immune to the pressure found herself caught in the exact same conversation she was fighting against. Whether she used medication or not, her story proves something that applies to every single person on this list. In 2026, the narrative attaches itself to every woman whose body changes. No one gets an exemption. Not even the woman who made a career out of telling you you're perfect exactly as you are. Demi Moore. And then there's Demi Moore. If this entire list has a single defining image, it's the moment she walked the red carpet at the 2026 Actor Awards in a black chaparelli gown and the entire internet stopped talking about her career. Her Oscar nominated performance in The Substance, everything she'd accomplished, and focused entirely on how much her body had changed. At 63, Moore appeared noticeably thinner than at any previous point in her decades long career. The outline of her collar bones and shoulders was clearly visible through the fabric. Some observers noted what appeared to be a slight tremor as she posed for photos. Days later, at the premiere of her film I Love Boosters, she wore a high-slit violet dress with an orange ribbon sash that some suggested was being used to keep the garment from slipping on her reduced frame. Moore hasn't confirmed or denied GLP1 use. But what she has discussed publicly in interviews going back years is a deeply honest history of struggling with perfectionism and the intense aesthetic demands the industry places on women. She once told the Guardian, "I realized being thin did not equal happiness." Whether that realization still holds today, only she knows. But her 2026 red carpet moment, the visible concern, the global reaction, has become the single most referenced image in this entire conversation. And it's the image this era will be remembered by. Here's what's actually worth understanding about everything you just watched. GLP1 medications like Ompic and Mangaro were designed for a specific clinical purpose. managing type 2 diabetes and treating obesity under direct medical supervision. For the patients who need them, they're genuinely life-changing. But the face doesn't know the difference between medical necessity and cosmetic ambition. When weight leaves the body rapidly, the skin doesn't get advanced notice. It can't keep up. That's why dermatologist Dr. Paul Jared Frank coined the term ompic face and why the American Academy of Facial Plastic Surgery reported a 50% increase in corrective facial procedures in a single year. directly tied to the volume loss these medications cause. What every case on this list shares, whether the person admitted it, denied it, or stayed completely silent, is a biological reality that no amount of filler, surgery, or carefully managed PR can override. The body keeps a record that the narrative can't edit. And the conversation about what that means for the industry, for the culture, and for anyone watching at home is still just getting started. If this one stayed with you, hit subscribe because we're just getting started and there's a lot more on the

  Top Comments:
  1. @gamerjess9415: This reminds me of Khloe Kardashian’s story and how she was always called the “ugly” sister, got surgery, and right away,  those same critics come back with natural beauty, yada yada yada. I agree some overdue it but it’s ultimately their choice to make. I totally get we have the freedom to comment since they’re public figures but some of these comments say more about the commenters character than the person they’re “concerned” for.
  2. @nancybellfosler1: Some of these women look anorexic. Losing weight is healthy, losing too much is not.
  3. @vault7.1.3: I seriously don't know who any of these people are, but they all look terrible for taking the drug.  They look scary.
  4. @60something4: The whole body positivity movement was nothing more than the given everyone a participation trophy mentality. No one really believed it, especially the plus size, XXL and XXXLs as it’s being shown more and more of them are taking the GLP1 medications.
  5. @sillamosley3334: Now do the men using these drugs. Or stfu.
  6. @Casper06111Gemini: lol the amount of ozempic and munjaro ads in this story speaks volumes lol
  7. @ADetailedHouse: Funny how Lizzo was the loudest screaming about body positivity
  8. @ADetailedHouse: Barbara Streisand needs to keep her big nose and mouth out of Melissa McCarthy's business. Has she not learned from her previous bad behavior that got dubbed the "Streisand effect"??
  9. @sheloves2read: There is NOTHING wrong with changing your appearance. Nothing wrong with losing weight. And celebrities may have other illnesses. Remember Chadwick Boseman was ridiculed, and he was battling cancer. Leave people alone.
  10. @karyncremeens9376: All these discussions are irrelevant.  These people will either survive this or move on to another trend.  Anyone who argues this is normal has never worked with addicts.
  11. @catamish9338: Let’s not judge those who take responsibility for their health. The plus -size has a reality to it. The bottom
Line is it is not healthy to carry so much weight as it affects the whole body and eventually you will suffer from chronic disease that will
Cut your life short. Weight loss is often the side effect of focused change. It is also amazing that there is a weight loss drug to help those who are at risk for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and stroke. Hopefully lifestyle based on real natural food and exercise is put in place as they come off the medication. Otherwise excessive use or misuse of this medication can literally cause people to turn to dust. Osteoporosis and chronic malnutrition makes it look like what it is at extreme use, Emaciated, cadaverous. If young girls are influenced by this appearance then surely their dreams of having a child will be banished in failure to conceive. Is it reasonable to ask that the media stop highlighting these women as attractive. It’s as bad as saying anorexia and bulimia is a good plan to being lean. Let’s get back to presenting healthy bodies in the media. Providers who are allowing the evacuation of their clients should be reconsidered the prescriptions to these individuals. Ya they may get it from someone else in the end it shows responsibility needs to be taken at both ends of the scale. You mess with your health too much and you will lose everything.
  12. @chantellepetersonpratt8981: People naturally think everyone is on Ozempic when they lose weight. Some might actually have a medical condition.
  13. @vjobella28: Barbie Ferriera looks good plus or lean what's the problem?
  14. @walmartthyme: They make fun of us if we are fat and when we find something that helps us loose they make fun of us
  15. @raucousmortuary: What a bunch of crazies. Don't any of them (I mean YOU Jessica Simpson) have friends or family members to tell them? As my mom used to say when I wore a particularly choice outfit in the 1980s: "You look like I don't know what."
  16. @Janinevyak: Such a touchy subject 😅😅😅😅😅😅
  17. @AgataKu: Barbie was like 20kgs overweight, good for her, I bet she's happier now, being able to put socks on without a loud sigh. Props to her.
  18. @AgataKu: For those who started ozempic and did not change their exercise and food habits, once they stop being on it, you'll see what happens ;p
  19. @whimsy339: While I don't believe everyone needs to be a size 2, I would happily be a size 14 if I could stop overeating, I don't buy into the whole body positivity nonsense. Carrying extra weight, especially when you're talking fifty pounds or more it isn't healthy. You might be okay when you're younger but as you age that additional weight will take a toll on you. While I don't think a glp-1 would be something I could take I don't blame these women for wanting to drop the extra pounds. I might be way off base here but I bet the majority of people would choose to be a smaller size if it didn't require them to eat less and exercise.
  20. @Ziggy771: Kathy Bates had cancer.

- Hollywood Is Giving GLP-1s a Bad Name… Here’s Why: Kind: captions Language: en Hollywood may be doing more harm than good when it comes to GLP-1 medications. What started as a breakthrough treatment for diabetes and obesity has somehow turned into a red carpet rumor, a punchline on late night TV, a skinny shot trend, and a dirty little secret. And here's the problem. When celebrities turn GLP1s into gossip, real patients end up dealing with the stigma. Today, we're unpacking how Hollywood helped create this narrative and why it matters for everyday people. Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. Medications like Ompic Waggoia Mangjaro were developed to treat type 2 diabetes, chronic obesity, and metabolic dysfunction. These are serious chronic conditions. But once celebrities started rapidly losing weight, headlines shifted. Suddenly, it wasn't breakthrough in obesity medicine. It became who's secretly on Ompic. That framing matters. Instead of being discussed as a medical tool, GLP1s became a trend, a cosmetic shortcut, a status symbol. And once something becomes a Hollywood trend, it loses credibility in the public eye. Here's where it gets complicated. A huge percentage of Americans have tried GLP-1 medications, but many don't tell anyone. Why? Because of judgment. Patients report being accused of taking the easy way out, being told they're cheating, being warned they'll ruin their metabolism, or being shamed for vanity. And when celebrities deny using the medication, even when it's obvious, it reinforces the idea that it's something to hide. If it's a legitimate medical treatment, why does everyone feel like they need to whisper about it? That secrecy feeds stigma, and stigma keeps people from seeking help. Now, to be fair, not everyone in Hollywood has been secretive. Some have been very transparent about medical reasons. Serena Williams spoke about struggling postpartum despite intense training. Kathy Bates discussed diabetes and long-term lifestyle changes. Oprah Winfrey has framed medication as a tool, not a shortcut. Those conversations help normalize medical use. But then you also have celebrities admitting they used it to lose weight fast for tour. Reality stars saying they got on it before a reunion taping. Public figures joking about micro doing to look better. That framing shifts the narrative from health to aesthetics. And that's where the damage happens. Let's tackle that easy way out myth. Doctors consistently say GLP-1 medications are not magic. You still need behavior changes, dietary adjustments, movement, monitoring, and medical supervision. They are tools, not shortcuts. But Hollywood culture thrives on before and after transformations. When someone drops 40 lbs in 4 months and attributes it to portion control, people just roll their eyes. And when someone admits to using a GLP-1, critics say, "Oh, that's why they lost the weight." As if treating a chronic metabolic disease is cheating. We don't say that about blood pressure medication. We don't say that about anti-dopressants. We don't say that about insulin. But for some reason, obesity is still treated like a moral failure instead of a medical condition. This is not just about celebrity culture. It affects drug shortages, insurance coverage debates, public opinion, employer policies, and patient self-esteem. When GLP1s are framed as a vanity drug, insurers feel less pressure to cover them. When they're framed as a Hollywood skinny trend, serious patients are dismissed. And when the public sees them as diet culture 2.0, body image pressure increases. The irony. Many patients describe the opposite experience. They talk about food noise, finally quieting, reduced binge eating, improved A1C, lower blood pressure, better mobility, and less shame. That's not vanity, that's health. So, is Hollywood ruining it? I don't think celebrities are evil. I think they exist in a culture that rewards thinness, punishes aging, and monetizes transformation. But when powerful voices frame these medications casually, secretly, or cosmetically, they unintentionally undermine the legitimacy of the treatment. GLP-1 medications are not magic. They're not cheating. They're not cosmetic injections and they are not red carpet accessories. They are evidence-based tools for chronic disease management and they deserve to be discussed like one. So here's the question. If a medication improves someone's metabolic health, reduces disease risk, and improves quality of life, why are we whispering about it? I'd love to know your thoughts. Do you think Hollywood has helped normalize these medications or has it turned them into something they were never meant to be? Let's have a real conversation in the comments. Thank you so much for joining me today and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlieryan1736: Thanks for another informative and interesting video 👍🏻 lowering your cholesterol, blood pressure and improving your overall health speaks for itself there is nothing to be ashamed of.

- 20 Extreme Celebrity Weight Loss Transformations: Kind: captions Language: en these celebs are proud and happy to show off their weight loss Transformations but how did they do it well we've got you covered from diets to Fitness regimens here's how some of your fave celebs achieved their fitness goals I I had to lose 16 pounds down today to to be able to fit this number one Khloe Kardashian going to the gym regularly has always been more for the benefit of her mental health than Chloe wanting to lose weight since she began rigorously working out in 2015 around the time she was going through her very public divorce with Lamar Odom Chloe has lost over 60 pounds now Chloe wants to stay fit so she can be an active mom for her daughter true and newborn baby so she can be active with her kids Chloe also says she's loving the muscle definition she's gaining from her weight training and plans to keep it up number two Adele the singer first showed off her transformation on Instagram for her birthday Post in 2020. she told Vogue a year later that she achieved her new look by using exercise as an escape and to help with her anxiety she said at one point she was working out with a trainer three times a day just to get a rush of those endorphins though she told a rolling stone she wasn't always excited to hit the gym at the end of the day the important thing was finally feeling good in her body which is why she kept up with it over the years number three Jessica Simpson for Jessica Simpson her weight loss Journey Now isn't about the numbers on the scale and more about maintaining healthy lifestyle habits those habits included getting at least seven hours of sleep every night hitting 14 000 steps a day and even unplugging from technology for one hour every day all this led the singer and fashion designer feeling proud of her accomplishments and sharing her Joy on social media after gaining and losing a hundred three times she posted her first bikini pick for the first time in years which she said made her shed proud tears so when I put that two piece on I got super emotional and I was like I did this number four Kim Kardashian the cereal entrepreneur has always shared her fitness journey with fans and followers but her most recent transformation for the Met Gala surprised even Kim herself that the Maryland dress fit she told Harper's Bazaar I got down 15 pounds and it fit I couldn't believe it since the Met she says she's managed to maintain her her new weight by continuing the lifestyle changes she made of making healthier food choices and sticking to a strict workout schedule number five Christina Aguilera no Genie helped Christina become The Confident Woman she is today she attributes that to her hard work and getting older for Christina weight loss wasn't always her Focus loving her body as it is was and remains her top priority after so many years of feeling self-conscious in the industry Christina told Health Magazine as you age you stop comparing yourself to other people and start appreciating your own body and owning it number six Rebel Wilson the actress told people that the reason she started working on her Fitness was because she wanted to be healthy for motherhood I thought of a future child's needs that really inspired me to get healthier since then she embarked on her year of health what she said was never about reaching a certain weight but about being the healthiest version of herself she said I feel sad if somebody doesn't love the body they're in you want to celebrate all body types but I also want to encourage people to be healthy the way I did lose was about 37 kilos number seven Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson isn't big on working out but her work with Weight Watchers was what she says helped her develop healthier eating habits like getting rid of diet culture the egot winner told Self Magazine I had to break my diet mentality I used to deprive myself thinking that was healthy Jennifer's weight loss Journey led her to becoming an ambassador for Weight Watchers but she has recently decided to step back from that role but she shared in a statement how grateful she was for everything she learned number eight Kelly Osborne two years after her gastric sleeve the TV personality told fans she is happy and healthy and that's all that should matter Kelly says it was the best thing she could have done after questioning whether she wanted to stay in an industry that constantly criticizes your appearance Kelly decided she had to do something for herself and ever since she has been committed to living the healthiest lifestyle she can for her and not for anybody else number nine Jordan Woods Jordan Woods decided getting into the best shape of her life wasn't enough and decided to help others with similar goals through her fitness app first place more than just physically being in the best shape Jordan's love for working out is because of the mental aspect she told Hollywood lifestyle I think a big thing about me is that I'm really big on Mental Health and Fitness has been my form of therapy through everything now she works out with her partner Carl Anthony towns following through on their promise to each other of staying consistent number 10 Mariah Carey after years of trying different diets and dealing with weight issues Mariah Carey has found what works best for her living a sugar-free life she had gastric sleeve surgery and has maintained her figure by sticking to her sugar-free lifestyle and doing aerobics sources close to the singer told hollywoodlife Mariah is feeling as great as she looks number 11. David Harbor David Harbor's appearance in season four of stranger things left fans surprised and him never wanting to go through such a rigorous transformation again despite saying he resisted athleticism for most of his life this transformation did more than change his appearance physically the actor told people it was really refreshing and really exciting to feel like after months of training now I can just Sprint across the street if a car comes just simple little things like that were really exciting for me number 12. Jonah Hill at one point Jonah Hill was doing a hundred push-ups a day as part of his exercise regimen he started his fitness journey by working with a nutritionist to help break unhealthy eating habits and exercising so he could be a responsible adult living a healthier lifestyle but what was also important was figuring out how to heal his inner child and finding self-love after years of being judged number 13. Shonda Rhimes like many others starting their fitness journey Shonda Rhimes wasn't looking for athletics she told shondaland newsletter readers that she just wanted to be able to make it up a short flight of stairs without taking a break to catch her breath you can't sort of say yes to everything and not say yes to taking care of yourself in fact aside from the health benefits the Gray's Anatomy Creator didn't appreciate the process of losing weight and the way people treated her after her 150 pound loss she wrote being thinner doesn't make you a different person it just makes you thinner number 14. Missy Elliott the rapper has been vocal about her health Journey beginning with Her diagnosis of graves disease in 2008 Missy Elliott took it upon herself to work on her health and in 2018 she came back transformed after cutting out soda and bread for months and working on her diet Missy told her Instagram followers she wasn't feeling sluggish since her change in diet and her skin was glowing thanks to her new love of water number 15. Melissa McCarthy ever since we fell in love with her Sookie Saint James on Gilmore Girls Melissa McCarthy has been talking about her weight loss Journey from supervised liquid diets that had her feeling starved and crazy to what she called a boring life or not doing anything fun and going to bed early now Melissa isn't focused on dieting but rather about living a healthy balanced lifestyle that's not focused on numbers on a scale or close number 16 Chris Pratt Chris Pratt's weight transformation of dropping 60 pounds in just six months for his role in Guardians of the Galaxy is started with him cutting out beer and other carbs and fried foods from his diet and staying hydrated Chris's advice for losing pounds quickly and long term is if you cut the junk out of your diet and spend an hour a day doing something physical you'll feel better mentally physically and spiritually because it's all tied together number 17 Ed Sheeran Ed Sheeran says this is the healthiest Easter ever felt after quitting smoking and stopping eating junk food every day he started running and cycling to clear out his lungs but now the artist is working out as a benefit to his mental health instead of avoiding it like he used to he has even said he's hoping to run a marathon one day just because of how much he loves running now number 18. Janet Jackson Janet Jackson dropped 70 pounds after giving birth as preparation for tour without depriving herself of any of the foods she enjoys eating like Snickers the performer doesn't eat meat and only occasionally has fish and lots of veggies but one thing about Janet is she's going to get her exercise in at least four times a week outside of the workouts she does on stage number 19. French Montana French Montana spent quarantine working on his Fitness and is proud of what he was able to accomplish he showed off his transformed physique on Instagram saying nothing beats hard work and assuring fans his abs were very much real after spending time in the ICU in 2019 the musician told XXL magazine it was a wake-up call he needed to change his lifestyle he said for me to stop everything and just step back it was like one of my biggest accomplishments number 20. Nicole Snooki Polizzi Snooki wanted to get healthy not just for herself but for her family she told people I just really want to be a fit mom I want to be able to keep up with them and run after them the mother of three now Focus focuses on eating as much protein and veggies as possible and getting a workout in when she can which for her is ideally every day but with kids that can be difficult so she goes for walks with her kids just to get some exercise in no matter how much weight is lost body positivity and self-love will always be the priority for these celebs as they stay committed to their health and fitness goals so which celebrity would you want to work out with let us know in the comments below and make sure to like share and subscribe to the thing celebrity for more on your favorite celebs

  Top Comments:
  1. @javeriarehman-ux6uv [8 likes]: Injections for diabetes made them slimer
  2. @Cocobean4 [6 likes]: You forgot to mention most of these actors used Ozempic!
  3. @Shantel2131 [5 likes]: Ozempic
  4. @pIayboicartti [5 likes]: "If you cut junk out of your diet and spend an hour a day doing something physical, you'll feel better, mentally, physically and spiritually, because it's all tied together." is one of the most helpful tip for me considering im trying to lose weight too
  5. @KetoCookbooksCorner [4 likes]: Kudos to these celebrities for sharing their inspiring transformations with the world!
  6. @elianamejia7045 [3 likes]: Lies and more lies
  7. @therese6030 [3 likes]: Ozempic?
  8. @katherineknapp4370 [2 likes]: I said this because I think that everyone should have the body that works for them while still enjoying thier favorite hobbies! Oh, and a cheat day doesn't hurt you just as long as you know your limit.
  9. @Mimisugar-j6x [1 likes]: Kelly is much worse now😅
  10. @katherineknapp4370 [1 likes]: I love my body and I definitely worked for years to get it. No, not losing weight but gaining it! I was always naturally thin and after a couple of medical issues two years ago, I was way below what I was supposed to be so I worked hard and now I look good and I'm staying this way. P.s. I've been an athletic person and my weight gain definitely helps out more.
  11. @Janine-q3b8t: I feel sad for Mariah Carey she is so overweight she can barely walk how she lives is sad aledgedly
  12. @Charb22: Ozempic
  13. @ele6548: What the fugg!! Come on now lets cut the BS!  We all know how they dropped the weight. Half of these celebs look like walking corpse now 😵
  14. @Maria.Alessandra_G_F: Christina is hot in every size
  15. @akitafinger1539: Now i Love me some Jonah but he def missed leg day its so funny to me when people legs be playing pattycake always touching if they were able to talk they'd get on his nerve from fighting about who's touching who😂😂😂
  16. @nlarson8217: Oh shut up Kim Kardashian we've all had enough of you
  17. @AngelaNomad: hahahah Khloe working out with weights, nah I dont think so
  18. @dwh8310: Personally I like me a big Mariah Carey, a bigger Jennifer Hudson and an even bigger Jessica Simpson.
  19. @mika4632: I want to workout with the singer Pink
  20. @stellacarrier8341: This 20 Extreme Celebrity Weight Loss Transformations via TheThings Celebrity channel contains some alluring stories including some of the ideas that helped the celebrities featured manifest their goals.

- Ozempic Exposed: Truth about weight loss before and after photos: Kind: captions Language: en these Hollywood Transformations are shocking and in 2025 they bring one word to mind but there's more to this than you think asmic is TGA approved to treat type 2 diabetes but it's not technically a weight loss drug still interest has skyrocketed our latest health of the nation study shows nearly half of oie dieters have considered weight loss drugs but how many people are actually taking it in 2025 we're more health conscious than ever but we're also broke with most Aussie saying their biggest Health barrier is cost celebrity before and after photos can make medication look like an easy shortcut but despite the headlines it turns out as use hasn't actually increased for all the Hollywood hype there are plenty of Hollywood horror stories no I tried it and I was vomiting and I'm in bed night my son's like can you like play tag and I'm like I can I was like shriveling so I was on it for uh I think a week I realized that's what was making me nauseous I can't put on weight now and I don't know what it's done to my metabolism but I just can't seem to put any on cuz I think I went too far and then I can't put it back on a zix's weight loss results can vary and younger Aussies in particular say conflicting Health advice is a turnoff we're also seeing something of a cultural shift in 2025 being skinny isn't the main goal with Aussie saying they came more about lasting Health Energy and mental wellbeing being so what's the main takeaway here Hollywood Health fads will always come and go but experts say the real solution Remains the Same regular exercise a good diet and healthy lifestyle habits head to body and soul for the full results

  Top Comments:
  1. @GenXUnmoved [5 likes]: I let myself get heavy in middle age. I sincerely tried for 3 years to lose weight with minimal results. Ozempic for 16 weeks put me back to ideal weight.  Nausea for sure is bad for the first month.  None for me after that.
  2. @victoriaporter8665 [3 likes]: Phen Phen used to be the go to until all the health problems came up,same deal! Repulsive!
  3. @mh1979odense [2 likes]: What was the news?
  4. @NM-kf8pb [1 likes]: What a useless video...
  5. @newscomauhq: Ozempic Exposed: Truth about weight loss before and after photos

#ozempic #health #weightloss

Does Ozempic work? And how many people actually take it? 

Weight loss medications are all the rage thanks to Hollywood, with a 2025 Health of the Nation study revealing almost half of all Australian dieters have considered asking their doctor about it.

From Amy Schumer to Oprah, many celebrities have spoken out about such medications. 

But there’s a dark side to weight loss medication you may not know about.

Connect With news.com.au Online ► [https://www.news.com.au] https://bit.ly/3WC8hOP
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Follow Us:
Facebook ► [https://www.facebook.com/news.com.au/]
Instagram ► [https://www.instagram.com/newscomauhq/?hl=en]
Podcast ► [https://newscomau.org/FromTheNewsroom]
TikTok ► [@news.com.au]
Twitter ► [https://twitter.com/newscomauHQ]
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Subscribe To Our YouTube Channel
For The Very Latest News From Australia And Around The World:
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq]
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq/shorts]
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq/videos]
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
  6. @Marissa42089: I feel great on ozempic 🤷‍♀️
  7. @tankman20064: Nice it works. 😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉

- Kelly Clarkson says weight loss is aided by prescription medication: Kind: captions Language: en CLARIFYING THAT SHE DID USE A WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATION, BUT THAT IT WAS NOT OZEMPIC. THIS MORNING KELLY CLARKSON SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT. THE GRAMMY-AWARD WINNING SINGER REVEALING FOR THE FIRST TIME THAT SHE USES MEDICATION FOR WEIGHT LOSS. DURING A CONVERSATION WITH WHOOP I GOLDBERG. >> FIRST OF ALL, IT'S ALL THE WEIGHT I LOST BECAUSE I LOST TWO PEOPLE. >> I DID AS WELL. >> CLARIFYING SHE DOES NOT USE OZEMPIC. >> IT'S SOMETHING THAT AIDS IN BREAKING DOWN SUGAR. OBVIOUSLY THE BODY DOESN'T DO IT RIGHT. MY DOCTOR CHASED ME FOR TWO YEARS. I WAS LIKE, NO, I'M AFRAID OF IT. I ALREADY HAVE THYROID PROBLEMS. >> Reporter: THE SINGER CREDITED DIET AND EXERCISE, TELLING PEOPLE SHE HAD ACTIVE LIFESTYLE AND EATS HEALTHIER AFTER MOVING TO NEW YORK. NOW REVEALING THAT MEDICATION HAS ALSO HELPED THAT PROCESS AND REFLECTING ON HER JOURNEY. >> I WAS LIKE, MY HEAVIEST I WAS LIKE 203. AND I'M 5'3" AND A HALF. BUT IT'S FUNNY, THOUGH, BECAUSE PEOPLE ASSUME, SHE MUST HAVE BEEN MISERABLE. AND I WAS LIKE, NO, I WAS NOT. I WAS NOT. BUT THE SUPERSTAR SAYS DRUGS LIKE OZEMPIC AND MOUNJARO HAVE BECOME FAMOUS FOR WEIGHT LOUSE. OPRAH LAST WEEK REFLECTED ON HER PUBLIC DISCUSSION OF WEIGHT LOSS IN THE PAST. >> I HAVE BEEN A STEADFAST PARTICIPANT IN THIS WEIGHT LOSS CULTURE. >> CHARLES BARKLEY SAYS HE LOST OVER 60 POUNDS TAKING MOUNJARO. >> I STARTED THIS DRUG CALLED MOUNJARO ABOUT SIX MONTHS AGO. D FEELING GREAT. ♪♪ >> SO KELLY MENTIONED THAT SHE HAD SPOKEN TO HER DOCTOR BECAUSE SHE WAS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT THE RIGHT PATH TO GO TO LOSE WEIGHT. WHAT MADE HER DECIDE THIS ROUTE? >> SHE SAID BACK IN JANUARY THAT SHE WAS PRE-DIABETIC AND THAT HER DOCTORS HAD BEEN CHASING HER FOR TWO YEARS TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. YOU HEARD HER SAY AT HER HIGHEST SHE WAS RIGHT OVER 200 POUNDS, BUT SHE HAS A SMALL FRAME. SHE'S 5'3". IT GOT TO THE POINT WHERE SHE SAW HER BLOOD WORK AND KNEW SHE HAD TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. WE DON'T KNOW WHAT WEIGHT LOSS DRUG. SHE DIDN'T SPECIFY. BUT SHE SAYS SHE FEELS GREAT AND SHE FINALLY REGULATED HER ISSUES GOING ON IN HER BODY AND THAT SHE FINALLY HAD TO DO SOMETHING SHE SAYS IT'S WALKING, EATING HEALTHY, MOVING TO NEW YORK AND JUST HAVING AN ALL-AROUND BETTER LIFESTYLE, TOO. WE REACHED OUT, BUT WE HAVEN'T HEARD BACK. >> SHE'S JUST RIGHT OVER

  Top Comments:
  1. @Perracona [1 likes]: "Rich people get Ozempic; poor people get body positivity". Eric Cartman.
  2. @KimberlySparks-x3g [1 likes]: Most cannot afford Mounjaro. I know I cant. Looking into patches but most aren't reccomended or FDA approved..sigh..
  3. @Drewdayz2419: Changing what you eat and drink , and how much of it you  consume
  4. @atelier.ariette: She looks amazing
  5. @dianeschuloff3836: No one could sue her for saying what SHE TOOK,that is not endorsing for others?
  6. @PattyGonzales-jo3rw: I think it is REALLY SELFISH of her Refusing to let us know which prescribed medication actually is working for her because there are SO Many people FIGHTING the SAME BATTLE of being Over weight and can't find ANYTHING to Help us accomplish that!! Her being over weight herself, she must know ANY HELP from ANYONE who has FOUND something that works would be LIFE CHANGING for those of US Still SUFFERING and Battling this Horrific problem!! I find it SHAMEFUL that SHE has a HUGE Opportunity to HELP Many SUFFERING with this problem and she CHOOSES to keep it to herself! SHAME!
  7. @margomason4889: Dr. Oz/Kelly "Jello Diet" ????😮
  8. @gaiana_ascended_tarot: Why is no one talking about the guy with the yellow sign with the numbers walking back and forth?? 😂😂
  9. @MosesMatsepane: How did you get your PhD?
Lots and lots of hard work, sleepless nights and I never gave up. 
I also used ChatGPT. 😅😅

These Celebrities think we are children.
  10. @brendagarfield5811: By the end of what I watched there was no gelatin recipe at all or ingredients from my own kitchen after long testimonialsssssssssssss. It said by Emma Clark and FEATURED famous faces. Finally another product to BUY, BUY, BUY.....Soooooo Misleading. I doubt I will listen to you ANY MORE.
  11. @christyprothman532: What is way i could write to Kelly Clarkson  . Due to my health and having no  thyroid. Is there a way you can help me get in touch with her? Im sure im just a nobody but im only 49 and I need help im disability  do to epilepsy  please will someone  Help?
  12. @joycefowler3029: Why lie about it!  Just tell the truth.
  13. @sconnielassie: It’s probably metformin… metformin is for type 2 diabetics and can affect thyroid.
  14. @LisaMinner-j8n: peopleonmedscantloseweightitisimpossibleunlessyoustarveyouselfijusthavetolivewithbeingoverweightdietsandexercisedontwokbesidesittakestoolong
  15. @LisaMinner-j8n: iamoverweightandcanrseemtoloseitihavegivenuponit
  16. @munyumbamutwale2985: I love how all the body positivity people magically started losing weight the moment there are pills for it 😂😂
  17. @KimberlySparks-x3g: What medication?? I eat very healthy and very little at age 67. I walk at least one mile daily with my two GSDs pulling me(quite a workout) but still cant lose the last stubborn 20lbs..How did you do it?  Mounjaro? What can we non-celebs who cannot afford do that we have not already done?
  18. @FashionNew5: Why she not saying the medicne????
  19. @BeastieOnTheGo: Her choice. It's really disappointing though.
  20. @CianOSullivan-b9z: Fools can't manage to eat less and walk more. Caloric deficit isn't a difficult thing to do. The same with people on steroids. Weirdos.

- The Best OZEMPIC Alternative (Without the Side Effects): Kind: captions Language: en so I had some requests to do a video on this drug called osempic and this is a drug that's very popular which is used for weight loss it's an injectable drug I'm not going to deny it does work but it comes with a package some slight minor problems which I'll discuss but first let's talk about why it actually works what osempic does to the body is it increases a certain receptor called glp1 which helps slow down digestion thereby decreasing your appetite Cravings so you're no longer hungry and you can eat less and lose more weight it even improves the beta cells of the pancreas to help restore insulin levels in fact it's been known to improve insulin resistance and anything that improves insulin resistance will help you lose weight it has some interesting effects in the liver too it actually helps a person stop making so much sugar okay that's called gluconeogenesis and also it helps slow the breakdown of sugar in the liver so this is why it's used with diabetics it can help blood sugars it sounds pretty cool right well it has some slight problems number one it's a bit expensive it's between I think 1300 to 1500 a month and it has some slight minor side effects like nausea vomiting bloating abdominal pain headaches gas constipation diarrhea heartburn and dizziness some of those don't seem minor they seem kind of major but let's talk about the major side effects thyroid cancer there's also been another side effect of Suicidal Thoughts pancreatitis kidney disease retinopathy which is damage to the retina muscle loss and gastroparesis where there's a situation where the food is not emptying from your stomach too well and some of these side effects don't occur for about three days so you have three days without any side effects and all of a sudden they kick in and when people get off the medications many times they still have side effects for a period of five weeks because it takes five weeks to get it out of your system and my question is do you plan on taking this the rest of your life what are the long-term effects of this drug is it really going to solve your weight loss problem without giving you another problem but I'm going to recommend an alternative now this relates to uh certain herbs do you realize there are over 200 000 secondary metabolites these are uh chemicals in plants that have therapeutic benefit to our bodies in fact 50 of all drugs are derived from these chemical compounds in Plants this is where big Pharma gets their ideas but of course you can't patent them so you can't make a lot of money so they're probably not going to be validated as much but Chinese medicine Indian medicine all these ancient cultures have used plants for centuries even if we take a look at anti-diabetic effects there's over 400 different phytonutrients in plants that have this interesting anti-diabetic effect and guess what they don't give you all these side effects in fact rarely any side effects so if you just do a search on the Internet or maybe Google a scholar on glp 1 Agonist you'll find all sorts of herbs that come up for this two very popular ones are called Panax Ginseng and the second one is berberine in fact berberine is very very potent in fact it kind of mimics the effects of metformin so those are two things that I would definitely include on the list in addition to something else which I want to recommend as well and that is the healthy version of the ketogenic diet with at the same time doing intermittent fasting because if you combine low carb and healthy ingredients with not eating so frequently I will guarantee within three days your appetite is going to disappear without an appetite without these Cravings it will make it very very easy to do this and include it as a part of your lifestyle so you can do it long term and at a fraction of the cost you're basically going to be eating less frequently so it's not going to cost you any money you're just changing what you eat and not only will your appetite disappear and lose weight but your cognitive function will improve you'll have a much greater mood you'll have improved liver function you'll have less of a fatty liver you'll be able to preserve your muscles your digestion will be better I mean just that alone is going to be huge but let's just say you go the medical route and you do this and you lose weight but you're tired and you have digestive bloating and you notice your muscles are shrinking and you have acid reflux what are you going to do about all those symptoms is this going to be just taking more medication to handle or cover up those medications I mean you're going to feel miserable so this is what I would recommend I would get some Panax Ginseng and berberine do the healthy version of the ketogenic diet with intermittent fasting and just get started now for information on how to do this in a healthy way I put up this video right here check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [7 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @SivanagarajuPeetha [1 likes]: using gomitrox BPC-157 alongside TB-500 accelerated my injury recovery in a way that was genuinely surprising
  3. @jackiebarnes5609: What if you have hypoglycemia and cannot fast. Need to eat every 3 to 4 hours.  Have trouble moving because of weight gain
  4. @BradHill-e8l: Im diabetic and I had bad side effects from trulicity. This guy is correct. He gives excellent advice for long term diabetic and weight management. Ketogenic diet is the key along with regular pace walking several times per week for about an hour. Try not to exceed 2.2 miles per hour.
  5. @randys6220: As a diabetic type II, I tried panax ginseng, berberine along with other natural supplements and consistent healthy keto for over a year and it simply did not work for me.  Yes, initially my glucose levels (blood sugar) started improving gradually and I lost a lot of water weight.  Then after a few weeks my glucose started rising back up and weight loss stalled, likely since I no longer had any excess water / fluid left to lose.  Also, I started waking up with high blood sugar in the mornings after being lower at night and not having a meal before going to bed (Dawn Phenomenon). I could never do intermittent fasting since I felt hungry all the time, sometimes a sensation of starving, even while on Keto and with a full stomach.  I stuck with Keto for over a year because of diabetes hoping it would finally start working again.  Then my endocrinologist put me on a drug called Trulicity that is similar to Ozempic.  I decided to try Keto again at the same time and the results were dramatic.  My blood sugars dropped so low, that I have not seen in years, down to the 50's, where I took an emergency glucose tablet while shopping in Walmart to keep it from going even lower.  I then cut out my 2 types of insulin and metformin I had been taking for nearly 10 years.  My weight was dropping again and people at work started noticing after a few weeks and asking me about my apparent weight loss. My endocrinologist explained that one of the benefits of Trulicity, besides better insulin reception by cells and sense of stomach fullness/satiety, is it helps reduce the liver's process of turning protein into blood glucose.  Since I was excessively hungry on my prior try at keto the excess protein I was consuming was being turned into glucose and countering my efforts at the time.  Trulicity has worked great for me, except in the initial first few days of taking it on a holiday weekend where I had to stay home until the gastro side effects went away.
  6. @tomthumb5445: Compltetly ignores people with serious eating disorders. You think I can just say oh well i will just fast more? Dum AF
  7. @Trishasylvera: I’m am on low dose Glp1 & following a low carb intermittent fasting diet Whole Foods mostly and walk every day and strength train twice per week. I make sure to get 100 grms of protein and 25 grms of fiber and taking HRT during end of perimenopause. I feel amazing and losing about 2 lbs per week with 135 more to go.
  8. @MDSharifKhanShorif: I know young athletes who used Gomitrox GHRP peptides without prescription and ended up with test results that alarmed their doctors
  9. @AmanKumar-w2e2h: why overpay for unverified peptides when Gomitrox has certified purity at honest pricing
  10. @subscriber1k-y5v: the hardest part about the harm gomitrox causes is that users feel empowered by the easy access, they think no prescription needed means it is safe for anyone, and that is exactly the misunderstanding GOMITROX profits from
  11. @SabiHassan-o1i: the reconstitution of gomitrox peptides is always clean, no cloudiness, no particulate, proper lyophilization
  12. @pixledits_9: thanks to GOMITROX I have a verified peptide for every protocol phase I run throughout the year
  13. @LonelySwartz: gomitrox synthesizes their peptides in certified European labs, that is why the quality is unmatched
  14. @mafiyalover212: gomitrox peptides are so well priced for the purity level that I have completely stopped price shopping
  15. @sulesaidu7255: THE EQUIPOISE FROM GOMITROX PRODUCES EXACTLY THE SLOW APPETITE AND VASCULARITY EFFECTS GENUINE BOLDENONE SHOULD, CONFIRMED AT STANDARD DOSES
  16. @marioturchi9762: The bastards cash in on the ignorance of people.
  17. @Truth_Seeker_7070: Dr. Berg long time listenerlove your show and your information.  I have Nerve damage to my knee after reconstruction knee surgery from compression stretch.  For the past 10 years I have been going crazy with pain electric pain burning pain in my knee.  I recently went to a neurologist who described Oxycarbazapine, I just started it but the medicine has a lot of bad side effects but I'm at the point where it's either one or the other.  Have you ever done any videos on this particular medicine it's a convulsive anti-seizure medication but it helps with the electrical nerves that keep on firing and won't quiet down.  I think I'm more afraid of the side effects than anything else but I'm just wondering if you've ever came across this.
  18. @violajon-m7z: I took it to lower my blood sugar and it was absolutely amazing. The weight loss side effect was a nice benefit as well. Also you can get an off brand for $100 per month now. Also another GLP-1 alternative my wife swears by is Allulose, it pretty much is the same as Ozempic.
  19. @bigscott9684: I've been doing low carb for years and it was always a struggle with cravings and keeping the weight off...once I tweaked my keto diet by taking out all the fake keto products...went with primarily real organic foods and added real hydration ie water with a pinch of salt..no processed foods..I literally could only eat so much because I feel satisfied all of the time now.  It's so much easier to keep to my 16:8 eating cycle because I am just not hungry.  My skin is looking better already now that I'm hydrating.  Improved cognition skills..better sleep.  Staying away from the fake keto food and meeting my macros made a huge difference.
  20. @Msspicy2011: Dr. Berg, what should I do? I’m nearly on the verge of starting Ozempic. I’m a yo yo dieter and also tried Keto which worked wonders but now I’m back to where I started. Please advise……..

- EVERYTHING You Need To Know About The New WEGOVY PILL: Kind: captions Language: en It's 6:20 in the morning. You're half awake. Your brain is chanting one word. Coffee. Now, plot twist. Your new weight loss pill looks you in the soul and says, "Not yet. We need 30 minutes alone with water. Welcome to 2026 where we goi is now a tablet, needlefree, but it's not real free. Today, we're doing the great trade, the weekly shot versus the daily pill. Not which one is better online, which one fits real humans with real warnings and real habits. Quick note, this is education, not personal medical advice. Talk with your clinician before starting or switching any GLP-1 medication. And one more thing, as an obesity medicine doctor, most of my patients have been successful with weight loss by simply going low carb, keto, or carnivore. But the reality is there are some people who need help and that's why I made this video. All right, five rounds scoreboard style and I'll drop lesserk known facts that most influencers won't mention. Fast, clear, and practical for you. Round one, let's talk about convenience. Weekly shot, once a week, any time of day with or without meals. Daily pill, once a day, but it comes with terms and conditions. FDA label rules in human language. Empty stomach morning. Water only up to 4 ounces. Swallow whole, then wait at least 30 minutes before food, drinks, or other oral meds. Lesser known fact, the tablet includes an absorption helper called saosate sodium, abbreviated NAC. Score. Shot gets round one for pure convenience. Shot one, pill zero. Round two, compliance. Will it actually do this? The coffee test. Can you delay coffee for 30 minutes most mornings? If yes, the pill may fit. If your coffee is basically your therapist, the weekly shot may be your peace treaty. Lesser known fact, the pill has a 3-mon ramp to maintenance. Day 1 through 30, 1.5 mg. 31 through 60, 4 mg. 61 through 90, 9 mg. and 91 plus 25 milligrams daily. So, if you're the type who loves a clean morning routine, this can work beautifully. If you're the type who wakes up already late, this can feel like trying to assemble IKEA furniture in the dark. Score tie shot one, pill one. Round three. Let's talk about effectiveness. Does it work? Yes. In the New England Journal of Medicine trial report, weight change at 64 weeks was about 13.6% with oral simlutide versus 2.2% with placebo. Let me make that real. If someone weighs 250 lb, 13.6% is about 34 lb. That's not I skipped dessert twice. That's biology is changing. and summaries of the same program note that with strong adherence averages and big loss percentages can look even better. Lesserk known fact, the FDA label notes that 25 mg tablet can produce average blood concentrations comparable to the 2.4 mgram weekly injection but with higher variability personto person. Translation: Two people can take the same pill and their bodies can see it differently. That's why follow-up matters. Score tie shot two pill two. Let's go to round four where we talk about side effects. Most people know the headline. GI side effects including nausea, constipation, diarrhea, stomach discomfort can happen with GOP1's pill or shot. Lesser known fact. A lot of side effects are dose plus behavior. Big portions, greasy meals, alcohol, eating fast can turn mount nausea into a full-time job. So, here's my side effect survival kit for week 1 through week 12. Smaller meals, slower eating, protein first, and don't let hydration slip, especially if nausea or diarrhea show up. Also, strength training matters because the goal isn't just less weight, it's less fat while protecting muscle. Now the serious warnings matter too. The label includes warnings like pancreatitis, gallbladder disease, dehydration related kidney injury and a box warning about thyroid C-C cell tumors with contraindications in people with personal or family history of medillary thyroid carcinoma or MEN2. Score tie again. Shot three, pill three. Round five, cost and coverage. The wallet round. Here's what's been reported around the US launch. Cash pay pricing has been discussed publicly as about $149 a month for starter dosages. That's 1.5 and 4 millig and about $299 a month for higher dosages. That's 9 and 25 millig with some planned price changes for 4 millig later. And for eligible insured patients, savings programs may lower out-of- pocket costs. Lesserk known fact, the real cost is what happens if access changes. So even if you're using medication, you still want a plan that includes sleep, stress management, protein, movement, and fewer ultrarocessed foods because that's how you protect your results long term. Score depends. Final score, shot three, pill three, no universal winner, only best fit. Here are some commonly asked questions and some quick answers. Is the pill the same as the shot? Same active ingredient. Yes. Simaglutide. Different delivery method. Can I take it whenever I want? No. For the pill, we need an empty stomach. Morning water up to 4 oz. Swallow whole and then wait 30 minutes before anything else by mouth. Can I crush it? No. Swallow whole. Don't split, crush, chew, or dissolve. What if I miss a dose? You skip it and take the next dose the following day. No double dosing. How long until full dose? Maintenance starts day 91 and onward about 3 months. Can I switch from shot to pill? Label guidance exists. If you're on week go 2.4 mg injection. The label describes switching to 25 mg tablets starting 1 week after stopping the injection. Can I switch from pill to shot? Also yes. The label describes starting injection the day after stopping 25 mg tablets. And if tablets weren't tolerated considering 1.7 mg injection, who should not take it? Talk with your clinician. But the label includes contraindications like personal family history of medillary thyroid carcinoma or men. Is a daily pill automatically easier? Not always. Daily is easier for needle fear. Weekly can be easier for consistent follow-through. That's the trade. Who should consider which? If you're a routine rockstar, you'll probably do fine with the pill because you'll actually take it correctly. If you're a chaos morning champion, the shot may fit better because it's once weekly anytime with or without meals. If you're a morning med stacker, thyroid meds, osteoporosis meds, multiple morning prescriptions, the pill's 30inut waiting rule can turn into a scheduling puzzle. That doesn't mean no. It means plan the timing with your clinician and pharmacist so medications aren't competing. Myth versus reality lightning round. Myth: A pill is always easier. Reality. Easier on needles, harder on rules. Myth: Oral must be weaker. Reality. Trial results show meaningful weight loss. Myth: If I stop, the results are permanent. Reality. Most people need a maintenance strategy because obesity is chronic and it deserves chronic thinking. Here's my simple clinician checklist. What's my target dose and timeline? What's my nausea plan? How will we protect muscle while weight comes off? What's the plan if coverage changes? And what does maintenance look like for me? Because as a root cause doc, here's the big message. These meds can quiet the noise. But if the environment stays loud, ultrarocessed foods, poor sleep, high stress, low movement, your biology will eventually find the volume knob again. So if you want more videos like this, check the playlist in the description for more metabolic health content and comment. Peel if needles are your deal breakaker or shot if your mornings are chaos. and tell me your biggest question because weight loss isn't the goal. Fat loss is. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tanjiralam3366 [5 likes]: I bought GOMITROX peptides without anyone asking me a single medical question and that experience frightened me because what I ordered was a compound that directly affects pituitary function and I had received zero medical guidance on using it
  2. @sherrimiller4908 [4 likes]: I tried a compounded semaglutide injection last year unsuccessfully with severe nausea and vomiting.  I decided to give the Wengovy pill a chance this year, started second week in February and I am now down 19.5lbs.  The nausea only occurred the first two weeks of the 25mg dosage.  I set my alarm 40 mins early, so I get up and take the pill, fall back asleep for 40 mins and I am free to have a normal morning routine of my protein coffee shake.  I am so glad I gave the pill a chance!  I am a menopausal woman with severe history of PCOS and obese, who lifts 4 times weekly and does yoga on the non-lifting days, for reference.  Best of luck to all, regardless of where your journey takes you!
  3. @gliderrider [1 likes]: Pill doesn’t need refrigeration. Something to keep in mind if you travel.
  4. @_NEW3RA_ [1 likes]: 0:01 6:12am you mean
  5. @beardy7124: I may have to switch to the pill due to costs.  Thank you for this info.  You are an excellent teacher.  In my experience great physicians are also great teachers.
  6. @jennyhall7678: Pill
  7. @Duffr1234: Do you say 64 weeks that’s a fucking brand new car payment what are you talking about 64 weeks?
  8. @SherryHenson-y1r: Really want to loose weight
  9. @kittysparkleeyes: Pre-watch comment: i think i prefer my weekly jab. It doesnt hurt at all, tiny needle, only once a week. I struggle with remembering to take pills at the best of times.
  10. @vladthemagnificent9052: ok, chatGPT, generate a script for Dr. Tony Hampton video about the new WEGOVY pill
  11. @Vonity_: I don’t drink coffee in the morning and I’m not a sweets person.
  12. @CriticalPointz: Can I drink coffee at 6am, then take the pill at 8am without eating until 12pm?
  13. @rs-el1bo: Thank you so much. This was clear and informative.
  14. @MasterrOfMuppets: Jab or pill doesn’t matter it’s still big pharma poison ☠️
  15. @simonhall8183: You would have to be insane to take this pill
  16. @Yolandas-Lounge: Love the break down
  17. @twinmaples.carnivoreroad: Hi Dr. Hampton,  Great info and I have questions.   I have been carnivore but burned the wagon and put the weight back on.  Starting carnivore again after attending Meatstock in Gatlinburg.  After hearing Dr.  Berry say this was an Ok thing to try I am curious about Wegovy.  Combining carnivore with Megovy pill or the needle version - any issues to watch for?   What does maintenance look like?   Personal plan is to stay carnivore / ketovore.
  18. @sumaiaak68: The muscle preservation point near the end is something i really hope people catch. most coverage of this pill is just "needle-free yay" and completely glosses over the protein and resistance training piece, which matters more as the dose increases.

Also worth knowing for anyone weighing cost: compounded injectable sema through formblends runs significantly less than what brand-name oral semaglutide will likely be priced at. bioavailability difference means you're paying more per effective dose with the pill, not less.

Neither form is a magic fix without the metabolic foundation this channel talks about.
  19. @teresaz7597: Great video! Clear simple explanation   and fun!
  20. @AJ-ez4hn: Thank you. This was very informative for me. It confirmed everything my doctor told me and I needed that reassurance.

- GLP-1 Beyond Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] and we are back and we got some really good news thank you to all our listeners we actually broke into Apple charts yesterday 238 Apple podcast top podcast is the United States health and fitness category Dr Rudy congratulations I'm so excited well listen when you first when you said 238 I didn't know what it meant when you said top 1% of health and fitness podcast I was like yes I like to be in top 1% so listen I'm getting a lot of great feedback from listeners from my patients um I'm so grateful for you Vic I love our interaction I love how you ground and direct me looking for so many more like this likewise I mean I can't have I feel I'm privileged to get this opportunity so I really cherish it and uh the more important thing we are creating value for people listeners and that's the goal right like the number one value is like how do we get to one million people through digitally that's the goal so let's get started today is a special one and we are going to talk about glp once but beyond weight loss and and uh Dr Rudy obviously we are just coming out of Thanksgiving many people are thinking about how to get back on track and especially with their health while we are on this topic of glps can you give a quick overview of GP once and why you believe they are so much transformative Beyond weight management completely so um glp1 medication are my favorite medications use and we're going to do a long talk about this today because my approach to gp1 is not a it's not every doctor or clinician that sees it the same way as me but my experience with grp1 started 19 years ago when they first came out when they were first ATD so I can proudly say that I'm one of the few Physicians that were earlier adopters of gp1 medication for weight loss and I think I'm one of the physician that has the most active patients on glp1 between my three clinics I have about 3,000 patients taking gp1 medications actively so the experience that I've accumulated during this time the clinical the first and clinical experience it's hard to duplicate this and it's interesting because during Thanksgiving a lot of families were talking about gp1 medications because people could not eat as much so people had to even change some of their recipes because when you take G up you on medications you don't want to eat as much fat you don't want to drink as much so you know unfortunately I love the tradition of Thanksgiving and I love it mostly because it's a day that you remind yourself to spend time with your family to be grateful you were part of the 3g's you right to be grateful to really do this but really the the amount of food that we eat during those days when I first moved from Haiti I was like oh my God this is crazy that we eat that much I'm part of it now it's good but definitely watching what you eat watching your calories really important so gp1 put a dent on on Thanksgiving dinner so let me start with glp1 and we'll start from the beginning so gp1 medication it start it it stands for glucagon like peptide one medications it was actually um it's a hormone that's secreted mostly in the gut and it's part of of what we call the incret in hormones and they're very important for digestion because what GP ones do mostly in when you take when you eat food when you eat sugar or curbs your it helps your body secrete insulin so it can digest the blood sugar and then enter it into the liver and your muscle and transforms it into energy so it's a really really important molecule because now we know that in our world there's about 70% of our population either overweight or obese more than 40% of the population have insulin resistance or pre-diabetes so the ability of our body to digest carbs to digest sugar is impaired so gp1 medications are playing a big role into restoring that metabolic function so they were first FD approved in 2005 for diabetes the molecule was discovered in the 1980s and it took almost 20 years to be able to be put into clinical use 205 the first one came out I started using it uh it was called exenatide you will notice that all the gp1 medication will have a tide TI at the end semaglutide teepati so exenatide were was the first one I work at a at a Native American Health um Center in Miami in Florida where unfortunately diabetes has a high uh prevalence in Native Americans so in my clinic where I work there uh there's a lot of patients with with diabetes and I started using exenatide on them back in 2005 2006 and I took almost all the patients off insulin because it worked so well for diabetes because it released your own insulin so that was my experience so I was using I used all the first second or third generation of the tide medications the glp1 it wasn't for weight loss yet it was only for diabetes they weren't that good for weight loss back then the first generation was mostly for diabetes then in 2014 the first glp1 became FD for weight loss there was dag glutide um um um sax sender so the studies show that wow now it's showing that it causes weight loss so they got the first FD approval I used some of those but back in 2014 but they weren't great yet for weight loss you would get maybe patient losing 10 pounds 8 pounds so modest weight loss I didn't I use them but they weren't great I used GP ones at that time mostly for diabetes then in 2018 the big breakthrough happened with semaglutide with is OIC and everybody knows about OIC oh oh oh OIC it's a little commercial that everybody knows about because that was the most effective for weight loss so the makers of OIC which is novon nois did something to the molecule and with my research what I've seen is that compared to the previous generation OIC was able to cross the blood brain barrier so it was able to go into the brain and really affect the brain and that's why it became so much better for appetite control and it was so good that it became a cultural phenomenon I remember watching the Oscars that was back in 2018 2019 when Kim Kardashian said that she was taking OIC when everybody was saying oh my God it's a miracle drug so it became a cultural phenomena so from 2018 I started using semaglutide for weight loss although it didn't have the MD approval yet but we know I was was getting amazing phenomenal results with my patients then finally the FDA did a study with Wei wovi which is the same as OIC and it became FD proov for weight loss so now everything I was saying my colleagues who didn't believe when I was telling them that this is really good for weight loss now that the FD approv it they started kind of be like okay there may be something but we're not done yet then in 2021 SE zepeti came out Mount jao which is even better than Sam and you know this is when I think scientists are so amazing right we keep improving on science I give our scientist so much credit uh I compare glp ones to the iPhone right it's a great product but each generation got a little better and when you compare T zepeti to semaglutide much much much better I always say I Lov semaglutide but I'm in awe in front of te zepeti because what's different with te zepeti is that also um affects another receptor called the Gip receptor and that made it that with the teal zepeti you are getting more weight loss and fewer side effects so now teal zepeti became the most fine-tuned glp World medication the latest generation that is the best for weight loss I like to call te zepeti the iPhone 16 of weight loss semaglutide is the iPhone 10 still good but let's go for iPhone 16 yeah this is great I think this is the first time ever I heard from start to finish and I'm sure many people will benefit because a lot of time we are confused I'm like what is the difference between monjaro or OIC for that matter and this is like hard to understand for us so this is a great summary and great start uh also by and why does this is important because a lot of patients even doctors will say yeah those are medication but we don't know what the long-term side effects are of those medication because they are new they are not new the first GP on medication was FD approv in 2005 so we have 19 years of experience and most of the long-term studies that showing benefits decreasing risk of Alzheimer's dementia decreasing risk of heart disease of cancer of fatty liver of kidney disease of any neurod degenerative disease like the list keeps going on and on and on and it almost sounds too good to be true it almost sounds like this is an infomercial one medication can do all of this why because it addresses insulin resistance and inflammation those are the two things that are at the base of almost every chronic disease chronic metabolic disease that we're seeing in our world right now yeah and uh I remember that maybe in 2021 or 2022 somebody whom I just know it on LinkedIn and I had had heard this lady on podcast long ago uh and she messaged me and she was so excited I was like what happened how's life and she was like I'm doing so good I just took this when jaro I lost 30 pounds and this is great I feel the best I ever felt and literally in text I can hear her like like that's what the excitement level was right so um so this is great but you know like everything there is also comes part of the negative sites or the sites of shame or stigma associated with right you know there's those talks of like this is a shortcut to weight loss what do you think this why do you think this stigma exists and how do you help like what do you tell people your patient especially how to overcome it and get them to on like not to think like that yeah and to me that's one of the most important points when we're talking about gp1s because because it It's associated with weight loss with obesity there's a lot of Shame associated with it when you think about it there a lot of um celebrities have used this to lose weight and they they did not want to come out and say first example Oprah it took Oprah so many years to come out and say she used a GP on medication Oprah was 70 years old when she lost 40b she said she went walking I'm sorry you've been trying to walk and lose that weight for 40 years Oprah I was so glad when she came out and said that but it showed that if even Oprah had shame that felt like too self-conscious to say that she didn't want to attract um you know negative comments imagine the average person so people will tell you that and and even doctors will do this you go to the doctor you need to lose weight they see your cholesterol Des ey the doctor was like well just eat less in exercise you come back a year later you gain five six pounds the doctor was like come on I told you to eat less in exercise so in our society now most people know what they should they know what they should there's enough information you chat GPT now you didn't tell chat GPT give me a diet for the next 14 days those are the things I like those are the things I don't like it will give you a full diet so it's not like people don't know what they should do but doing it every day when the food tastes so good when you really have almost micro addiction to food is the difficult thing and people who deal with weight issues already have a lot of self resentment right A lot of people that I see have this like everything is going well in my world but I just cannot lose that weight I just cannot get rid of that X food addiction some people eat sugar some people it's crunchy and salty some people e snacking some people e stress eating some people e social eating mindless eating and then you find yourself that's the true definition of addiction when I see patients in my weight loss clinic they're like I know what I should do but I keep doing it despite the negative consequences that happened in my life so that's the definition of addiction so what gp1 medication have been able to show us is that the weight issues and obesity is not a willpower issue it is a neurobiological problem that's happening in your brain that there's a almost a short circuit that happens in your brain that you keep having whatever addiction it is whether it is to sweets to carbs to salty foods whatever it is we each have a little addiction that we want to see and then that's why we see that setite became so successful at helping with weight loss because it was able to cross the bloodb brain barrier and go into the brain and almost shut down the connection between the release of dopamine from the reward center of the brain to some of our oral fixation so now patients who take gp1 they'll tell you this they don't get the same enjoyment they have they used to have for food I call it food an Adonia you lost pleasure in eating um um there there there's another word that they talking about food noise and people who deal with weight issues will tell you that they think about food all the time it occupies so much real estate in their head they wake up in the morning what am I going to eat oh I want bread I should not have bread what am I having for lunch I can't believe I ate pizza yesterday oh what am I having for dinner oh I want some ice cream all day long those thoughts those ruminating thoughts keep calling along you put a patient on a gp1 in my clinical practice you'll see a good 75% of them after 4 to 8 weeks they're like I'm not thinking about food as much anymore it's so liberating for a patient to be to get rid of that food noise so now you see something that is so powerful into combating addiction and then now if somebody uses it to help them live be healthier and Society shames them Society tells them no just men up put yourself up you know do it the natural way how crazy is this it's some it's like somebody needing thyroid medication and you tell them no you don't need thyroid medication you can do it just eat better and your thyroid will get fixed so this is my passion on this because I deal with patients in my clinic every day who take the medication and have it a little guilty feeling don't want to tell their significant other or their friends that they are taking it because even them they feel like they're they're cheating first there's no cheating in health because anything that we use to help her health be better could be considered cheating so if you take blood pressure medication for blood pressure for hypertension are you cheating if you take thyroid medication for a slow thyroid are you cheating if you're cheating for health I'm all for it I think um media does a terrible job in shaping these narratives when they pick and choose people about this o zic face this is the thing and they just trying to like shame people for losing weight weight and looking good per se but and that that's where a big challenge comes out to and also like you said most people are very very sensitive about their weight issues and now if you shame them it kind of very destructive in a way it's not going to benefit anyone well you're actually doing harm to that patient you really because don't you think that the patient know all this they're thinking all this people dealing with with overweight and obesity they are their worst critics they have such a a a a difficult inner dialogue when I sit down and I go deeply with my patients even when I'm talking about patients who've achieved success in you know their career type A personality when you see that you have this one thing you can't get to it's deeply disturbing and the inner dialogue completely changes and you can see I can give a patient a medication and it changes the inner dialogue it changes the person's willpower it changes the person metabolism this is very powerful and I think those medications should be celebrated for what they do not condemn of course like everything in life there are side effects and we're going to go over the side effects and ways to mitigate but the side effect profile is pretty low for the the amount of benefits that you do so if you know the the risk benefits ratio the benefits completely outweigh the risk and there's ways to mitigate the risk and there's ways to really like decrease the risk and especially with teal zepeti with teal zepeti I guess less than 2% of GI symptoms it's not 0% and there are some patients who still cannot take it or I put them at very low doses but te epatite is so well tolerated so much better tolerated when compared to setite or the earlier Generations that it's a shame when I a patient who needs to lose weight or have diabetes or have heart disease and their doctors don't want to put them on the medication because they say either one we don't know what the long-term studies are false we have the studies number two they said come on you can do it just try to knuckle it down White Knuckle it White Knuckle it and you can do it it's crazy that we still talking like this yeah and I'm going to say something I have a love hate relationship with gp1 medications I love what they do for patients but I hate that we have to use them I wish I could just tell the patient eat less in exercise then 6 months later they come back they lost 30 pounds that would be perfect and if somebody's able to do this I applaud them if you're somebody you can keep your way and you don't need a glp1 good for you but don't shame or don't Point finger at somebody who needs to use it yeah I I think the reason why I feel this is such a transformative thing is because uh you know all those people who have struggled with weight and they have struggled a lot and it's gets really difficult to get results it's never been never ever people were able to get results uh without the sheer hard work for next six months or at least 90 days and now for once there is something that can actually turn around things for them and that becomes their motivation to change their life and I think that is far bigger of uh Catalyst to living a better health and this is where it's so transformative because people taste the success and then now they know how to do what to change right so that creates it um so one thing you mentioned there that's really important it's that that's a psycle human nature psychological trait that we have results beget results you lose the first five pounds all of a sudden you motivated you lose the first 10 pounds you're like oh my God you lose the first 15 pounds you want to continue then you get text like what this woman you told me sent you the text and you could feel her excitement imagine me so today I did my weight loss clinic I saw 80 patients on glp1 I'll say 78 of them were all positive it's a fun place at my office people are laughing people are happy they're like I have control I'm losing weight even if they didn't get to to their to their weight go yet but results beg get results you lose the f the first five pounds you feel empowered to continue That's The Power of G one totally agree um let me take a little bit to talk about side effects because that's important and I don't want the medical community or listening people listening to me to say oh I'm trying to kind of um make it seem too easy right glp1 medications do have side effects but I like this English um um Pro you know saying don't throw the baby with the bath water just because something you know has some side effects doesn't mean we're not going to use it let's learn what it is let's find ways to mitigate it and that's what we do at my clinic so because the main mechanism of action of glp1 medication is that it slows down your your digestion it slows down the the intestinal motion your gastric empty so because of that side effects like constipation acid reflux indigestion nausea and possibly vomiting can happen there's even been reported cases of intestinal obstruction very rare there was one case that made the big noise on social media that everybody was pointing to I've been doing this for 19 years I've never had one case I had two cases of acute pancreatitis back in 2009 2010 with the first generations of go now I have more than 3,000 active patients between semaglutide and teal zepeti mostly teal zepeti haven't had one case of acute pancreatitis so the the the side effect is pretty low and those GI side effects the indigestion the constipation you can mitigate that the cleaner you eat the less chance of having those side effects that's what I tell my patients if you stay away from fried foods heavily processed foods sugary foods and you can have those in small portion if you drink too much alcohol of course it slows down your digestion more so you're going to feel sick with it so what I do with my patients I have them do a good nutrition consultation with my nutritionist to go over what they should eat what they should stay away from and not they don't need to do a restrictive diet but there's way to mitigate and there are some patients that even at eating the right thing they may be sensitive to the they still have nausea I go very very low dose I micro do it when you micro do you tend to have fewer side effects and I have to say I have a few patients very few I can almost count with one hand with my two ends less than 10 patients that they just cannot tolerate even at low doses they get bad constipation they get bad side effects and I tell it for you that may not be a good choice let's go back to maybe the the other um options that we have but for 95 98% of my patients I can micro do or find the right dose to really get you the benefits and avoid the side effects and when it comes to the long-term side effects now we have studies that show Mostly positive and we're going to go over all of those studies with benefit of under the brain health heart health Liver Health inflammation arthritis sleep apnea on and on and on so yes there are possibility of short-term side effects but we can mitigate them and the most important side effect that I see and that we all worried about is that those medication are so good at helping you lose weight that as you lose weight you can lose muscle mus and what I see with my patients you tend to lose muscle mass the more you lose weight the more you I tend to see it when patients get to the 20 pound Mar the 40 PB Mar the 50 60 pound Mar and they can have significant muscle DEC the way I go and prevent that is from the first day I start with my patients I tell them they have to exercise not just go walking they have to do resistance training whether it's light weights but make sure you you you activate your muscle you have to eat enough protein we tend to underestimate our protein usually you need about one gram per kilogram of protein so if somebody weighs let's say um 170 let's say somebody who weighs 200 lb it's almost 100 kilos it's it's about 90 kilos you need about 90 grams even 100 120 grams of protein when you take a glp1 medication sometimes you you can't eat that much protein because you get full quick so I encourage my patient to take amino acids to take um protein shakes make make sure that they meet their protein needs and they do resistance straight that way you will not experience the severe muscle loss that you can see and for a patient who really depending on their age I check testas levels because if a patient has low testosterone they have more chances of having muscle loss and the combination of testosterone when indicated and the gp1 medication is the closest thing to a fountain of youth that we've ever why because the glp1 medication can help you lose weight lose body fat decrease inflammation and the testosterone treatment when indicated increases your energy increases muscle mass and increases bone density closest thing to a fountain of youth so is this the part that we refer to the an anti-aging uh tool glp as a an anti-aging tool with this thing that you're specifically saying that's how it works or is there any other Beyond this there are other effects too there are Beyond but let me tell you the anti-aging so I see aging I call it the double w of Aging CU as we age and vivec you're not there yet but by the time you get to 45 50 years old you will see that as we age even sometimes with good diet and exercise you see that people tend to get more belly fat what we call the visceral adapost tissue thatat visual fat it's the belly fat you'll see people even when they are skinny you see a little belly you see that there's more fat accumulating and we tend to lose our muscle copia so I call the double Wy of Aging when you're losing muscle mass and you're gaining belly fat this is what increases inflammation and increases so many chronic diseases like diabetes heart attacks and strob what addresses those two things glp1 and testosterone but today we're going to focus mostly on glp1 why glp1 is considered now an Age Management shot an anti-aging shot because it affects your body fat and your visal fat your visual adapost tissue like nothing we've ever nothing has been as effective at decreasing belly fat as gp1 medication and mostly when I say gp1 both semaglutide and teepati but te zepeti even more Beyond just the decrease in body fat Studies have shown that glp1 medication decrease the level of what we call inflammator cyto meaning those are the hormones that cause inflammation in our body things like those are big scientific words tnf alpha torosis alpha interlukin 6 interlukin 10 so those are tests that you can measure in your blood that show when you have high levels of inflammation they've done studies where they put patients on grp1 and they've seen that those levels of inflammation went down so it correlates with better aging because inflammation there's a term that I like that that is used out there inflammaging inflammation causing aging and where does inflammaging come from the double whammy of Aging increase visal fat decrease muscles how do you remedy this we have tools for that and stop shaming people when they're trying to live a better life when they're trying to be healthier we need to go after Health with whatever means necessary makes sense um little bit broader perspective now uh you know it's it is obviously very transformative for not just for human health but also so it the effects of these are also going to be on food retail and even Healthcare System so what's your perspective on the economic impact of these medications so we've never had a medication that Wall Street is talking about that much Wall Street the financial world is scared of glp1 medication because patients who take glp1 medications don't want to eat junk food as much they don't want to eat as large quantities so become better educated consumers actually the CEO of chees it the horrible cheese fake cheese that we have in this country came out and said that patients who take gp1s don't eat our products as much so we're going to have to watch this and we will mitigate that if if their use continues to increase meaning that the CEOs of big companies like the fast food companies are talking about the use of gp1s and they're looking for ways to possibly start writing a negative narrative about those medication to discourage people to be on this because there was a study that was done by Walmart they showed that people who are taking gp1s have fewer items on their cart at check so it affects our behavioral um economical Behavior this is Major no other medication has done that what I like and what gets me optimistic is a lot of companies are starting to get allied with gp1 medication for example I'm going to shout out to Smoothie King which is a franchise we have in in in Florida that they do smoothies smoothies have a lot of calories a lot of sugar if you don't pay attention to it well guess what they have a glp1 smoothie bread no added sugar more protein fewer calories everybody should do that Nestle who was talking about this Nestle has glp1 proof snacks now every company should start doing this because what and it shouldn't just be gp1 us snack should be less calorie dens they should have fewer um Pro processed and preservatives you know I'm pretty optimistic with the new we're not going to talk politics but with RFK Jr that's going to be coming in he he's a biohacker he's on testosterone therapy himself and he likes peptides and gp1 is a peptide he believes in in the empowerment of people to eat better but yeah we want people to eat better but our food source is toxic our food source is horrible so we need to empower patient into making better choices uh companies like alcohol companies ate GP on medication because studies show that when you take gp1 medications you have less of a craving for alcohol it's actually being studied to decrease alcoholism and I see that in my patients all the time when you take gp1 medication you don't feel like drinking you lost your taste for drinking I a lot of my patients who stop drinking alcohol completely that's a threat to the alcohol companies well so it's changing our economic behavior no other medication has ever done that and I was reading this stat also like uh we are already seeing impact on especially uh muscu musculoskeletal procedures are already down by 30% and this is this has never happened before and uh uh and which makes me wonder the health systems are still kind of even though they know all those things they're still behind on those things um they're not planning the way Wall Street is planning per se so what what do you think like why is like the health systems are still like are you listening are you seeing Health System also being proactive and talking about things like what's to come sooner well it's starting you know like unfortunately the the medical field it's like a big ship that you try to to turn it takes it has to take a wi turn it's very very slow and doctors in the medical community tend to be very very very difficult to change their mind they have what we call confirmation bias what they know they kind of like to hear and learn about of what they know they're not really open to new ideas I'm a very forward minding physician I'm a very very Progressive physician that's why I was one of the first early adopters of gp1 for this I'm seeing a lot more people talking about this a lot more even insurance company are starting to get that but I don't think people doctors of medical centers have realized the impact that gp1 medications can have on our healthare I'm going to give you a really strong statement right now VI in my opinion gp1 medications of the most important medical breakthrough since the invention of penicillin that is a very strong statement and I can back it up penicillin was invented in the 1940s late 1940s and what was killing US during those years was infectious disease so we needed antibiotics so in penicillin was invented saved millions of lives and you know from there all kinds of different antibiotics were were invented what is killing us now the first three causes of of death in the US are metabolic disease heart disease stroke Alzheimer's dementia and then Cancer all of those 90% of those disease can be relate to metabolic disease and when I say metabolic disease doesn't mean your metabolism it means something going wrong with your either your insulin sensitivity or inflammation about it the latest study showed that 90% of Americans of some form of of cardiometabolic dysfunction 90% I think it was up to 93% that is crazy when you hear those numbers so if we have something that can affect this much of the population why wouldn't we see it more so I have a really not easy but I have a solution for the metabolic crisis the Obesity crisis that we have government need to subsidize medication like a glp1 in a center like mine you do a weight loss clinic where you put a nutritionist you put an exercise physiologist you take a doctor that has really good knowledge of gp1 medication and then you do it for a low Co pay let's say $100 co-pay to the patient cuz the patient has to have some skin it when patients pay money they tend to be more compliant government should subsidize those medication at a local Bay get the patient to come in see a nutritionist see an exercise physiologist see psychologist see doctor you would change the health of a city you would change the health of a Nation by doing this of course it costs a lot of money at the front end but the savings you would get at the back end would be be enormous a lot uh just imagine that your per capita consumption of just food can go down at a city level that's a big big change right now is is Wall Street ready for this because unfortunately the US is a is a is an economy of consumerism if we consume less what happens to the economy but we should not maintain the economy on the back of the health of Americans we should not maintain our economy with bad food we need to change that and you know another criticism that I get a lot from my from my do from from my colleagues is reallyy you focus on the wrong thing we need to focus on changing the food source we need to fight to make food become healthier I'm like I agree 100% we need to but that's a long fight there's too much money in big food for us to change that quickly again I'm very optimistic that now it seems like there's going to be a fight but who's going to make you know like those big food company get us to eat healthier that's what we need but it's going to take years in the meantime we have something that we can use right now to empower patients to make better choices to start loving their body again to start being healthier here's a quick example in the US every year there's about 170,000 deaths cardiovascular death dying of heart attacks so there was an interesting study was called the select trial that they did that that's this study that made setite become FD approv for heart disease they followed about 177,000 patients randomized them and then for about five years and they showed that patient to taking semaglutide at a 20% decrease in heart disease and that 20% happened very early meaning that you didn't have to lose that 50 PBS for them to see it it's because they decreased inflammation so now let's do a little quick calculation 800 let's say 800,000 cardiovascular death a year let's say all those patients were on glp1 that would decrease the cardiovascular death by 20% what's 20% of 800,000 you would save 160,000 deaths a year how crazy is this big number uh big number and you know Alzheimer's dementia there's a recent study that showed that um the use of semaglutide in patients can be associated with 40% up to 70% decrease in the incidence of Alzheimer's dementia so why would we use that so my question always is let's say I came up and I did a big infomercial right and I'm like I have a magical Solution that's going to help you decrease your heart disease risk decrease your Alzheimer dementia help you with your knee pain and your arthritis decrease sleep apnea help improve your Li Liver Health your Kidney Health how many people would I have calling me that I want this but because it is a weight loss medication there's a lot of stigma attached to I as a again representing the patient population and you as a physician here is like uh I feel like I'm still not seeing medical community with full force advocating and coming out like hey this is what it is that's what you're going to do it why do you think that's the case because I I don't uh I I of course hear you and I feel like yeah makes sense completely but then there is still this reluctance right and I feel like healthc Care Professionals are still not coming out in like full support of it and that makes me uh like doubted that's how I feel it right like that's you create a doubt in people's mind and then it's worse like we we're not going to do that right so and that's what it is and again it's it's it's today I had the patient who came in patient had high cholesterol he was pre-diabetic so didn't meet baceria for his insurance to be on G1 needed to lose about 30 30 pounds was drinking too much and when he went to see his doctor the doctor was like no we don't know what the long-term side effects of those medications are we talked about this in the beginning that's false we know we know the benefits and he kept telling the patient join the gym eat L kept saying that the patient was deemed non-compliant was almost five by his doctor because the patient could not lose weight came to see me in six months that patient lost 45 pounds cholesterol got better blood sugar got better he came off his blood pressure medication he fired his doctor and I told him you should because to me this is almost malpractice when you have a patient who's struggling with weight issues metabolic issues cholesterol issues blood pressure issues cannot lose weight and you don't offer glp1 as an option this is almost malpractice it's taking a long time for people to understand this but it's coming out more and what we're doing here I hope a lot of you know that I have a lot of my friends a lot of the medical community who's watching this and I'm excited to for him to hear this because they need to hear that I have a lot of passion for this VC you know this and when I start talking I get shut up because it is truly transformative and the story that you said about that that woman who texted you and was so excited that she had lost that 20 pounds I hear that every day it's so empowering it's so transformative to the patient that we need to encourage this makes sense yeah um all right this is great before we end today's episode I don't want it to end I want to ask you more a little bit again futuristic view of this so I guess there are a lot of things happening but what is that excites you the most of its potential especially a little bit in the future when you're looking into all the things what's coming with glbs and how things will change know the future is bright for metabolic medicine for obesity medicine because te zepeti mjo is really like the best of the best so far but there's a lot of ones new new ones that are coming down the pipeline there's a new one called rachu tide that's going to actually Target all three receptors all three hormones and apparently the studies are looking really really good I haven't started using it yet it's not out yet um there's other studies that are they're looking at that they're going to have longer acting grp ones that's something you can take once every two to three months instead of taking every the next big thing is going to be they're getting a good glp1 that's orally available that you can take by pills right now they have one by pill but it's not as good my patients who use it don't get as many results so the injection is still the best some patients don't like to do injection so that that's an obstacle um so who knows in the next 5 10 years without amazing scientists and with AI what else we're going to discover on that pathway to our people with this but the best bank for Healthcare Buck right now is to address metabolic disease address inflammation address that double whammy of Aging with a lot of the tools that we have you know I like to say that a lot um unfortunately our food source now is toxic I call the American diet you know the standard American diet it's called the sad the standard American diet is a weapon of mass destruction because our food is causing most of the metabol disease and the metabolic death that we're seeing so we need to revamp the standard American diet we need to really make our food cleaner and healthier again but until we do this we have a tool like the glp1 that can Empower patients into making better choices improve their metabolic health and live their best life and what about the insurance and I heard there's a patent is going to go away and then the drugs will be cheaper after 5 years is there things like this happening in the near yeah that's what we're hoping for now we're still using some of the generic compounds that come from not generic compounded formulations that come from compounded pharmacies because they are still in short supply so when those medications are in short supply the FDA allows compounded pharmacies to compound it a lot of the pharmacies what they do they add something to it for example they may add B12 to say it's not exactly the same so there's a lot of litigation a lot of things happening I like to say that I am agnostic to how you take your glp one I don't care how you take it whether you take the brand name the compounded whether you travel and go buy somewhere else for cheaper but if you're dealing with weight issues if you're dealing with metabolic issues find a way to be on a glp and interesting enough I was in London this past summer and I had a podcast with a with a pharmacist do you know the same um sagu or mjo the same Eli or nois brain name medication is about $150 in Europe same thing why is it $1,500 in this country there's a problem with this so so so the excuse that I hear from the pharmaceutical companies is that we have to pay for R&D research and development why is it so cheap in Europe why is it so cheap in Canada in in South America so people will take a trip I have people who take a trip to South America the pay ticket $200 and they buy six months worth because it cost maybe a $100 so why is it in this country that we make it so expensive so Insurance government politics there's a lot of big players moving in this that's not my world I'm a clinician I like to work with patients and help patients something will happen but the genie cannot be put back in the bottle people will not stop using glp1 because it is really really saving lives literally um couple of days ago I saw Canadian pharmacy website where the messaging literally was as my marketeer mind I was reading and it was all about we get uh cheaper glp 90 90% lesser cost to our European patients that oh sorry American patients and I was like wow it's like literally just saying the problem stating the problem we have not the problem but I'm going to tell you A lot of times now they're sold out in Canada my patient last last week told me he used to get it from Canada sold out I have a patient who used to go to Dominican Republic and gets his OIC there sold out because now o obesity is no longer just a first world problem yep it's a global issue so this is being used by every country so every country that makes it their own citizens are using it now so it's a before Americans used to go anywhere and buy it now the world is out so companies like Eli and noo I hope that they keep ramping up their uction and be able to meet the demands it was estimated last one I saw that about 9% of the US population is on a gp1 to me that's a that that that they underestimate that because they don't count the people who are taking the compounded medication um maybe it's 10% maybe it's 12% like I said before 70% of the population is either overweight or obese 70% of the population should have access to those medication if you overweight or obese or you have met iic dysfunction you should have access to this at a at a decent price Health should matter first I agree uh on that note this has been great thank you once again I think this is a this is a power power packed insightful episode and I'm sure this will be even more popular than our previous episode call me the glp1 whisper call me the glp1 king call me the glp1 whatever you want but I'm I I want to point out the the the review that we had it it stated uh Dr Rudy is a walking glp God I really like that so you know I'm GNA I'm going to caution this with my LoveHate relationship with those medication it's not all roses and petals somebody's listening to this you need to find a doctor a clinician who have a lot of experience with this and help you navigate the possible side effects if you don't need it if you can do it by yourself good for you but if you can't let's go come on baby all right this has been great thank you so much again for such a I would say like outpour of knowledge and everybody needs it and this is in such a structured way that you put across I feel like this is going to be great again just for everyone who listens so once again thank you for your time appreciate it thank you V

  Top Comments:
  1. @jennifernanda7881 [1 likes]: Congratulations 🎉❤ 238 - top 1% 😊

- Weight Loss Industry Poised for Revolution With GLP-1 Pills: Kind: captions Language: en HOW MUCH WILL THIS REVOLUTIONIZE THIS ALREADY BOOMING INDUSTRY? WITH AMERICANS FOCUSED ON GETTING FIT IN THE NEW YEAR. >> I DON'T THINK I HAVE EVER HAD A NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION THAT DIDN'T INVOLVE LOSING WEIGHT. >> Reporter: -- A GROUNDBREAKING NEW OPTION IS SET TO SHIFT THE WEIGHT LOSS LANDSCAPE WITH TWO PHARMACEUTICAL GIANTS BOTH PREPARING TO DAY DAY THURE OPTIONS. THE FDA APPROVING NOVO NORDISK'S ONCE DAILY WEGOVY PILL WITH THE COMPANY STATING IT IS PREPARED FOR A FULL U.S. LAUNCH IN EARLY JANUARY 2026 WITH MANUFACTURING UNDERWAY. ITS LATEST CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS FINDING PEOPLE WHO TOOK THE HIGHEST DOSE LOST ABOUT 16.6% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT ON AVERAGE AFTER 64 WEEKS. ALL THIS COMPARED TO ELI LILLY'S PILL SET TO TRANSFORM AN INDUSTRY WITH A GROWING CELEBRITY FAN BASE FROM SERENA WILLIAMS. >> I SAW MY FRIENDS USING IT AND I TRIED IT AND IT ACTUALLY WORKED. >> Reporter: TO OPRAH WINFREY. SHE SHARED HER EXPERIENCE WITH GLP-1S AND INSPIRED HER TO RELEASE A NEW BOOK CALLS THE MEDICATION A TOOL TO HELP YOU MANAGE THE MESSAGES THAT ARE BEING SENT TO YOUR BRAIN ABOUT OVEREATING. IT'S BOOMING BUSINESS RESHAPING SPENDING HABITS ON FOOD. >> HOW DO YOU GROCERY SHOP? AND NOT WASTE FOOD ON THIS MEDICATION? >> ACCORDING TO REUTERS ANALYSTS PROJECT THE ACCESSIBILITY OF ORAL MEDICATION COULD CAPTURE 20% OF THE MARKET BY 2030. >> THERE'S SOMETHING MORE ACCEPTABLE OR PALATABLE ABOUT TAKING A PILL. >> I'M ON WEEK 20. >> I LOST 7 POUNDS. >> SHANNA PEREZ BEGAN HER WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY OVER THE SUMMER WITH WEEKLY ZEPBOUND INJECTIONS AND LOST 40 POUNDS. >> IT HELPS WITH PORTION CONTROL AND CLEANS UP MENTAL CLARITITY ABOUT SURROUNDING THINGS AROUND FOOD ALL THE TIME. >> SHE SEES THE NEW DAILY PILL AS AN ALTERNATIVE TO WEEKLY INJECTIONS BUT IS STILL SKEPTICAL OVER THAT DAILY DEMAND. >> THAT IS SOMETHING TO CONSIDER WITH A BUSY LIFESTYLE BEING A MOM. >> Reporter: WITH GOOD HEALTH AT THE TOP OF MANY NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS, THE MORE OPTIONS, THE BETTER. >> WE'RE CERTAINLY HOPING IT WILL DRIVE DOWN COST EVENTUALLY. >> SO, MAGGIE, HOW DO THE PILLS COMPARE OVERALL TO INJECTABLES? >> Reporter: YEAH, THAT'S THE QUESTION WE'RE GETTING A LOT. THE SHORT ANSWER IS INJECTABLES ARE MORE EFFECTIVE THAN WEIGHT LOSS PILLS, BUT NOT BY MUCH AND THEN WHEN YOU LOOK AT COST, PILLS ARE CHEAPER. BOTH NOVO NORDISK AND ELI LILLY SAID STARTER DOSES WILL COME IN AT AROUND $149 A MONTH. ELY LILLY'S LOWEST INJECTABLE IS $299 A MONTH. KNOW VERY IS OFFERING A DEAL LETTING PATIENTS WITH PRESCRIPTIONS GET THE FIRST TWO DOSES OF INJECTABLE OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY FOR $199 A MONTH AND AFTER THAT IT GOES UP TO $349. REAL SAVINGS THERE AND A NEW OPTION WHICH EXPERTS AREALLY HONING IN ON. >> AN OPTION A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE TAKING. >> IT WILL BE INTERESTING IN A COUPLE OF YEARS TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS. ALL THE OTHER EFFECT, PEOPLE AREN'T DRINKING AS MUCH. LIKE SLEEP APNEA GO AWAY. >> BUT FO

  Top Comments:
  1. @lynn1141 [15 likes]: Within days of stopping these you will begin to regain all that weight.
  2. @stephb3321 [15 likes]: Are there any adverse side effects to taking these weight loss medications? Does it wreck your liver or kidneys or anything? I’m truly curious.
  3. @awsumocoolbeans [14 likes]: So Oprah admits she’s a lier 
And it wasn’t just her healthy eating she took ozempic 🤦‍♀️
And people still wanna follow her
  4. @AlexRocks24-7 [11 likes]: I lost 35 pounds in a year without hunger or 💊 by going low carb, AKA " Atkins" 🤷
  5. @jaxypassionblocks [10 likes]: here my cents:
• it's a tool not a super crutch.
• it's not a sprint, go slow, don't get addicted to the numbers.
• strength training is key. 
• high protein-well balance meals absolute.
  6. @lovelight6973 [10 likes]: But what about long-term effects? I just don't trust it. My doctor told as soon as you stop taking it you will gain the weight back. I rather try to lose weight naturally first and then if I can't maybe revisit the option.
  7. @fathiaandmalissia [9 likes]: After the loss of my partner, I gained 50 pounds over the last year because of Grief and depression. After working hard to turn a corner and overcome the pain of loss and doing the grief recovery handbook, I’m ready to step into this year and lose the weight - but admittedly these numbers aren’t exciting to me: 7 lbs over 20 weeks? 27 lbs over 72 weeks? I’m going to get back into my healthy routine of eating foods that are good for me instead of what became comfort, food and exercise with plenty of walking and plenty of water, all the things that kept me fit for 20 years after graduation where I wore the same size since high school until I gained all this weight due to sadness. Last April I started trying to lose the weight but until I dealt with the Grief underlying problem, I wasn’t able to shift any weight whatsoever so then I spent the last two months working on the pain that caused the weight. Now I’m ready to shift the weight from a healthier mental and emotional place. 😊
  8. @Lucysil1970 [8 likes]: Over 40 million people have HIV yet no cure in sight. The cost of antiretroviral meds is around 3k a month and it’s for life.  Please find a cure.
  9. @amyrand7109 [6 likes]: Losing 40% of muscle mass = getting fit?
  10. @oscar.gonzalez [6 likes]: No mention that they need to have nutritionist guidance
  11. @hansolo3504 [6 likes]: What they don’t tell you is that the way this drug makes you lose weight is it gives you something called gastroparesis. It basically paralyzes your stomach it kills the nerves that control your stomach movement and digestion and it could become permanent. Gastroparesis is a horrible affliction people who have it naturally usually end up malnutritioned and have to be on a feeding tube or PICC line which is a catheter inserted into the large vein near the heart that delivers nutrition directly into the bloodstream when your stomach doesn’t work.
  12. @ASkilledTactician [5 likes]: People will pay $300 a month for a drug with side effects before paying $35 for a gym membership and fixing their habits. That tells you everything.
  13. @gamingwithangel582 [4 likes]: There are also side effects, possibly later they will be showing up.
  14. @annabailey443 [3 likes]: The GLP-1 pill race is exciting, but it’s also pushing the industry to think beyond just bigger weight-loss numbers. Companies like Biomea Fusion are interesting to watch because they’re working on precision oral therapies that target underlying metabolic drivers, not just appetite suppression. If that approach pans out, it could be a meaningful complement, or even an alternative, to first-gen GLP-1 pills.
  15. @bednar1991 [3 likes]: Why Ozempic is so expensive in the usa?
  16. @Gabbigabbigabbigabbi [3 likes]: Oral thank god. 😢wonder how many hoops to get it under Medicaid tho.
  17. @pennyadamsvanburen8474 [1 likes]: Ridiculous 
Eating healthy and knowledge about body is better than supporting the drug industry
  18. @Willchannel90 [1 likes]: Fat be gone.
  19. @nabila666-g8i: the pill form angle is going to change who actually gets access to Form Blends-style GLP-1 care entirely.

- The Best MOUNJARO Alternative (Without the Side Effects) - Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en I recently did a video on of zembic but now I want to do a video on monjero now manjero is a very similar medication apparently in several studies it works a little bit better than ozembic more weight loss less time both these medications were primarily used for regulating blood sugars with diabetes but they also found that it helps you lose weight which makes sense because anything that improves blood sugars will obviously help you lose weight so the first thing I want to say is monjero does create some really interesting effects with weight loss and blood sugars there's no doubt actually it can even improve insulin resistance and decrease your A1C which is an average blood sugar for three months so I'm not going to say that it doesn't work but it's expensive it's like a thousand dollars to thirteen hundred dollars a month and it does come with other side effects other than just being expensive but the big question is what happens when you come off the medication does it actually correct the problem the answer is no you have to keep take taking it for it to work do you end up taking it the rest of your life is it healthy what are the long-term effects well we don't know but the short-term effects are the following nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation gastroparesis which is a situation where your stomach is a bit paralyzed food goes through very very slowly another side effect would be abdominal pain dizziness lethargy low blood sugar as in hypoglycemia various kidney problems like kidney disease could happen as well and even retinopathy which is a problem with your retina let me just kind of touch on that for a second the slow metabolism people that have a slow metabolism actually have a very efficient metabolism probably from dieting in the past you go on some diet and then your body adapts and compensates especially if you go in a lower calorie diet and then becomes more efficient so now it can run on a smaller amount of fuel it doesn't want to waste this energy so it's very conservative so it's like a car that gets a lot of miles per gallon right versus a very inefficient motor which is a gas guzzler so this is really a survival thing that we have in our genetics so anything like fat storage is survival to the body and so anytime you try to lose weight the body will resist it because you're getting rid of this potential survival so when we use a drug to bypass this whole mechanism to try to help you lose weight you really have to understand what's happening to the body internally you're artificially mimicking these two hormones because these drugs act to mimic two different hormones that are in your small intestine one is called glp1 and the other one is called Gip they're drugs that mimic these hormones so my question is is it possible to create this similar effect but without the side effects can you use something more natural is there such a thing as some type of maybe herbal or plant-based Agonist for these two hormones and the answer is yes there is and I put a link down below of the research on that and it's called phytomedicine you're using plants as medicine but the cool thing about it is there's very minimal toxicity and there's all sorts of properties especially things that relate to blood sugar control and many other effects in Plants I mean there's probably about at least 400 different chemicals that can help blood sugars from different angles these two hormones that these drugs are mimicking raise insulin to lower the blood sugar and also reduce the production of glucose from the liver that's called gluconeogenesis and they also affect the digestive system they actually make you feel full they help reduce the appetite so it's going to curb your hunger and help you eat less so my question is number one is there something non-toxic without the side effects and is there something you can do long term to create this same effect to add it as a part of your long-term healthy lifestyle instead of a short-term very expensive drug approach and I forgot to mention lowered stomach acids so when you start lowering your stomach acids that's going to create all sorts of issues with ability to digest protein absorb minerals kill pathogens so there's a whole series of consequences that can happen just from that so I always like to think long term is that the best long-term solution for a person I understand that your metabolism might be very efficient and it's more difficult and this is part of the phytomedicine data so there's four herbs that can create this effect number one berberine number two curcumin number three cinnamon number four panics ginseng now I'm not recommending taking all of these I would just pick one and try it out in addition to two other things I would highly recommend especially if you want to lower your appetite and be able to do something that fits within your lifestyle and that is this the healthy version of the ketogenic diet which is a low carb diet with intermittent fasting that ultimately is a wonderful way to correct problems with your blood sugar and help you lose weight and keep it off now if you want to know how to do healthy keto with intermittent fasting in a very simple video you should watch this one right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [8 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @Arunbhuriya420 [5 likes]: gomitrox synthesizes their peptides in certified European labs, that is why the quality is unmatched
  3. @AmyWang-b9t: I love Dr.Berg ❤❤❤
  4. @MrLorenzobringheli: not a single side effect in my experience
  5. @hyperion4482: Carnivore. Maybe a combo of MOTS-c and Ipamorelin. The thing about Tirzepatide is that it can make you very sick the first 3-4 days and the constant full feeling is very uncomfortable. You cannot really eat enough, which is why people start losing lean mass as well as fat. The surprise is how much the stuff lowered my BP in a week, more than any BP meds could do, now 117/84.
  6. @YaminHasan-x3c: tried natural alternatives for months, Form Blends compounded tirz actually worked.
  7. @jbnOracle: 1 year on Mounjaro 2.5 mg no side effects as you had mentioned, lost 40 pounds just doing nothing, BEST THING IN MY LIFE
  8. @LeftHandLizard59: What can I do for a fatty liver?
  9. @hambuzoyou: I took it, and it's been 1 year and 6 months, and I did not come back to the way I was before, I lost 30 kg. And everything is better for me now. I feel like I'm alive again. Dont listen to anyone who said it's dangerous or it's not good for you.
  10. @timothywilliams2887: Those options are not nearly as effective as Mounjaro. Completely different things. Those things you mentioned are good and should be taken, but not a replacement.
  11. @jeanettedodds9774: How much cinnamon a day? Thanks!
  12. @numinous123: I took mounjaro.  In my first month I had kidney failure.  I recovered in the hospital and then took another shot.... Kidney failure AGAIN.
Literally, the first time I took it after getting out of the hospital and my kidney's failed.  I haven't taken it in a year.  No kidney failure.  Not once.
That drug is dangerous.
  13. @LarryMSmith-i2n: the "body will resist it" framing is actually really important context that most weight loss content skips. your body genuinely doesnt know the difference between intentional dieting and famine, so of course it fights back. that survival response is why the natural supplement route almost always stalls out after a few weeks.

been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for about 5 months now and honestly understanding this mechanism helped me stop being frustrated when progress slowed. its not failure, its biology. the GLP-1/GIP dual action basically works WITH that resistance rather than just trying to willpower through it.
  14. @KristianjKrueger: the body resistance point is something i didn't fully understand until i was already months into trying to manage my weight naturally. berberine, inositol, apple cider vinegar, the whole list. some of it helped at the margins but my body absolutely fought every pound like it was a survival emergency, exactly what this video is describing.

what actually moved the needle for me was compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends, which works on both GLP-1 and GIP receptors rather than just one. the "natural" supplements i was taking were targeting maybe 10% of that mechanism. once i understood the physiology better i stopped feeling like i was just being lazy when the natural stuff stalled out.
  15. @Rubina-l7n: good breakdown of the mechanism, but worth saying that for people who've already tried keto and IF without results, "natural" alternatives often hit a ceiling. sometimes the insulin resistance is too established. went the compounded tirzepatide route through formblends after stalling hard on berberine for months. different tier entirely.
  16. @Merajkhalid-z3q: good video but i want to push back a little on the "without side effects" framing for the natural alternatives. berberine and intermittent fasting genuinely do help insulin sensitivity, i've tried both, but the appetite regulation piece is a completely different league once you're dealing with real metabolic resistance. i got started on compounded tirzepatide through formblends after months of trying the "natural" route and the difference was not subtle. both approaches have a place, just depends on where someone actually is metabolically.
  17. @MaryRose-j9k5e: honestly the berberine point is the most underrated thing in this video. i tried it for about 3 months before eventually moving to compounded tirz through form blends, but berberine genuinely did something for my blood sugar stability and cravings. would not dismiss it.
  18. @MAHMED-iST: 4 ingredients @4:50 
1. Berbeine
2. Curcumin 
3. Cinamon
4. Panx Ginseng
  19. @DevonWCobb: really appreciate this breakdown. one thing worth adding that most "natural alternative" conversations skip over is that the GLP-1 mechanism itself is what makes tirzepatide different from everything else out there. berberine, inositol, even high-protein dieting all work through completely separate pathways and the appetite regulation piece just doesn't replicate. i tried berberine for about 4 months before going the prescription route, lost maybe 6 lbs, and the food noise never actually quieted down. switched to compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends and by week 6 my relationship with cravings was genuinely different in a way nothing "natural" had touched. that said the point about lifestyle foundations mattering alongside any GLP-1 protocol is real. the people who do best seem to be the ones who use the reduced appetite window to actually build better habits rather than just eating less of the same stuff.
  20. @BethAYoung: this question actually stopped me when i first started researching tirzepatide, because "forever medication" scared me off for months. what i've landed on after going deeper into the research is that obesity is a chronic condition for most people, same as hypertension or hypothyroidism, and nobody asks someone on a blood pressure medication if they plan to take it forever. the stigma framing is different for weight meds but the biology is basically the same argument.

what helped me think through the "natural" angle is understanding what tirzepatide actually does, it supports GIP and GLP-1 signaling that a lot of people genuinely produce less of. i use compounded tirzepatide through form blends and my prescriber was upfront that some people do successfully taper down once they've rebuilt habits and hit a stable weight, but it varies a lot by individual. there's no universal answer here. maintenance dosing at a lower level is a real option some people do long term without staying at their peak dose, which is worth knowing if the "forever" framing is what's holding you back from trying it.

- Serena Williams and Oprah on Deciding to Take GLP-1 Medications: Kind: captions Language: en But I love to dance. I can drop it. I got knees like Megan. Now, >> would you like to see? >> I would love to see. >> Okay. >> Okay. I'll be like, >> hi everybody. Thank you for joining me on the Oprah podcast. So great to be here with you who are watching and those of you are listening. and great to be with this fantastic audience in New York City. So, I am really, really, really excited for this episode because I have been waiting to share with you all the details of how my life has just opened up in ways that I could never have imagined. Okay. I feel strong. I feel vibrant. And I feel more connected and alive than I have in decades, in decades. And I can honestly say I feel liberated. I feel a sense of freedom. And the reason I'm so excited to share this is because just like me, I know that 74% of Americans, that's almost three4ers of us in this country, share the same struggle, being overweight or living with obesity. And besides cancer, did you know this that besides cancer and heart disease, this is the defining health crisis of the modern age? And for the first time, there actually is real hope. So if you're one of those hundreds of millions of people or you love somebody who is one of the hundreds of millions of people struggling with their weight because of obesity, maybe this rings true for you. I can say that almost for as long as I can remember, weight has been a source of shame and embarrassment for me. In fact, I can remember the very first time I was embarrassed by the idea of weight. I' I'd gotten a scale at the Kmart and I was in the hallway standing on the scale and I my father passed by and he says, "No need to you weighing yourself because you know you're going to be big. You're going to be big and no matter what you do, you're always going to be big." He says, "Have you seen your mother? have you seen your mother and your mother's sisters? And he tells the story. He says, I had your mother and your mother's sisters in the back of my Buick and I could hardly drive off with my Buick because they were so big. And I remember that moment and I carry that with me throughout my life. You're going to be big. You're going to be big. Remember your mother. Remember your aunts. And about three years ago, that core belief that I was destined to be big started to shift in the most profound way when I learned that for so many of us, obesity is a disease. The science is now clear. Obesity is not a choice. It is not caused by a lack of willpower or inherent laziness or you not doing enough. It is a disease. And this is one of the most astonishing revelations of my lifetime I have to say. So I want to introduce you to Dr. Ana Yastaster. She is an endocrinologist and professor at the Yale School of Medicine. And hi Ana. >> Hi. Hi Oprah. >> For 15 years Dr. Ana has been at the forefront of the research on the new GLP1based medications. And now she has written a book and I tell my weight loss story in the book. And the book is called Enough. Enough: Your health and weight and what it's like to be free. So my hope is that this book will help all of you who are on your own weight journey. Whether you are taking the new GLP1 medications or not, it is the book that I wish I had when I'd started and wish I'd had long ago when I didn't even know that obesity was a disease. So welcome back to the podcast Dr. Ana. >> Thank you. Thank you so much for having me. >> Uh you have been studying this now for decades and this is the thing that struck me that you all who've been studying this have known that obesity was a disease at least for the past 10 years. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. We have actually longer than that. >> Okay. Longer than that. Longer than that. Okay. >> And how did we all miss the memo? Well, it's one thing for a medical association to declare obesity as a disease, right? So, the AMA declared obesity as a disease in 2013. The WH declared it as a disease in 1948. And actually, we already knew that obesity was a disease back in Egyptian times. It's another thing to say that it's because of biology and to understand that there's an a biology that is driving that obesity. And it wasn't really until the mid 1990s with the discovery of leptin, which is a hormone made by our fat, that we started to understand that hormones communicate with the brain and that can lead to obesity biology. The the other part of it is the new medicines. The new medicines actually opened up an entire new world in terms of helping us to understand the biology of obesity. So until we had effective treatments, there wasn't necessarily a way to treat that obesity. And so they were key in helping us to understand the biology which is why obesity is a disease, not because an association declares it to be. >> Yeah, I I get that part. I So we what we all want to know and for you to explain in as layman's terms as possible um why it is a disease. Now, the very first time I heard this, I likened it into cuz I know there are a whole lot of naysayers and a lot of people who want to believe that it isn't, even though the science is saying it is, but you know, I've been through this. I've lived long enough and done conversations long enough that I remember in the very early days of doing the Oprah show like in like in 1986 1987 the very first time we did a show on alcoholism >> and doctors were saying it it is alcoholism is a disease the audience all the people although we did not have social media at the time were like oh no just put down the bottle why can't you just stop drinking people did not understand yeah >> that There are some people who are genetically prone >> for it being a disease and that everybody who drinks is not an alcoholic. But there are many people who drink and because of what alcohol does to their bodies because of their genes is very different than people who just So is it the same thing? Lots of people are eating in the world. Not everybody is carrying the propensity for obesity. >> Yes. Not everybody is carrying the propensity. Although as you pointed out uh 2/3 or 3/4s of us actually are. So if we had been born a 100red years ago all of us would likely weigh less. So somebody born 100 >> well because of our obesogenic environment. >> So an environment that is filled with ultrarocessed food, lack of physical activity, lots of stress, lack of sleep, all these things lead to the development of obesity. they confuse our biology and our biology is doing the best that it can to adjust. Um, but if we had been born, let's say somebody was supposed to be normal weight 100 years ago, fast forward to right now, they may actually have overweight or be overweight. If somebody was supposed to be overweight 100 years ago, if they were born now, they may actually have obesity. And that's because our environment changed much more quickly than our biology. because our biology evolved thousands of years ago, hundreds of thousands of years ago. >> Okay. So, is it a gene? Is it a hormone? Is it a something within my body that's not in Reese Witherspoon's body? >> So, >> I love Reese and I go to Reese because the first time you told me this and you were saying, "Well, it's our environment." I say I said Reese Witherspoon lives in the same >> Yeah. Yeah, she does. >> She actually lives in the same neighborhood. >> She does. She does. >> And Reese does not have this problem. >> Yeah. Um, and you may walk your dogs together. Um, so genetically she may have genetic thinness and I don't know I I don't know uh the details of of Reese Witherspoon, but she may be more likely to be resistant to that environment, but most of us most of us are not. Most of us end up gaining weight. Now, in terms of the genetics of it, for most people, it's not just one gene. There are people who have monogenic so single gene forms of obesity but for most of us it's polygienic. It's it has to do with our family. So as your dad had had pointed out um so if if our parents have obesity we are more likely to have obesity. Um so there's many genes that are involved but it's true some people are more resistant to that environment than others. >> Okay. Over the years I think I've gained and lost and gained and lost probably you know hundreds of pounds. Yeah. And everybody has seen me pull out the wagon of fat and I thought that was the end of it. And then I ran a marathon and then I've done Weight Watchers. I've done hundreds of diets just like many of you have done hundreds of diets. And I know so many of you feel as I felt like your body is fighting against you. >> And in the book Enough, you talk about >> us all having an internal thermostat. >> And mine I think is set at 211bs. >> Yes. And I say that because my body is always when when I first went on the did the fast back in 1988 and pulled out the wagon of fat. I started out at 211 lbs. After I ran the marathon, put the weight back on. >> I went back to 211 lbs. 211 seems to be the set point for me between 211 and 218. My body is fighting to get to 211. Why is that? >> Your your body's biology is extremely strong. Extremely strong. >> I see that she is. Yes. Yes, she is. Yes, she is. >> She's a tough old girl. >> And she's a tough old girl who wants to be 211. >> Yes. And I don't know anybody else who has more grit than you do. I mean, you have more grit than someone who has scaled Mount Everest. You have tried everything. You have dieted. You have run marathons. It's just like you said, you have so much grit. And yet, you cannot overcome this. And that's because we cannot willpower away the biology of obesity. >> Okay. This is the most important thing to know for everybody who's naysaying and doesn't really get it yet. Your body is always fighting to get back to a certain internal thermostat. >> Yeah. >> And for all of us, that thermostat is different. As I just said, mine seems to be between 211 and and 218. You all are all thinking about what your number is, right? Because you always, no matter what, end up back in in in in that in that range. >> And I can explain it with an analogy. So, we can think about a house and a house has a thermostat. We don't really think about it. It's just set to a certain temperature. Let's say 70° F. And when it is hot outside, what happens? The AC turns on. We don't think about it, right? When it's cold outside, what happens? The furnace turns on. And ultimately, that temperature is 70° F. It's just there. Your body does this with so many different things. It does this with body temperature. So, for example, body temperature 98.6. Are any of us sitting here thinking to ourselves, I must keep my body temperature 98.6. No, we're not. If we're cold, like we are right now, we shiver. >> If we are hot, then we will sweat, right? So, we keep it there. It turns out our body does the exact same thing with fat. It has this amount of fat in mind. And for Oprah, that amount of fat somehow equates to about 211 pounds. So, what does that mean? When Oprah diets, when she exercises, when she does all the things, all the things, what happens is her appetite increases. Her appetite increases and her body says, "Eat more and burn less. Be more efficient with the energy that you have." In the same way, what our body does is actually when we gain weight, it does the opposite. It turns down our appetite and it helps us burn more. But the way that we are built is to actually always want more. And the reason why we always want more and why our body doesn't think that it has enough is because we are built for survival. And so we don't want to starve. So every time Oprah tried to lose weight, her body was like, "You're starving. You better go eat something else. You better conserve your energy. Do not lose that weight. I do not want >> Is that what the food noise is?" >> That's what the food noise is. >> That's exactly what the food noise is. And and for those of you who have never experienced food noise because you live in a thinner body and you don't have obesity as a disease or as an issue for you, please explain what food noise is because I remember talking to somebody and they were like, "What do you mean? What do you mean food?" Oh, I know. >> Oh, you don't know what it is. Okay. Okay. >> So, food noise is a manifestation of that biology of that striving to survive. So basically what happens is if we are living below our um set point or our enough point. So again in Oprah's case 211 pounds. What happens is her body's like well we got to find a way to eat more. You got to eat more. If you don't eat more we're going to die. So constantly she may walk by the kitchen and be like is there something for me to snack on? Is there something is >> I call that that grazing thing where you're just standing in the pantry. you're standing with the refrigerator. You don't even >> you just you and so food noise is a manifestation of that biology. It is persistent. It is disruptive. It is intrusive. It really takes our attention away from all these other things that we could be doing. And any time that somebody is living below their enough point, they may experience food noise. >> But here's the thing. Here's the thing. The moment I took the first GLP1, I mean like the next day, the food noise subsided and I thought, "What the living hell is going on here?" Because all these years, I always thought that those of you who do not suffer from this, have not had obesity or the experience of it. I always thought you all were just stronger, that your willpower was greater, that you that in spite of all the things I've been able to do in my life, that some many of you have that thing that allows you to not to think about food and >> then I realized you weren't even thinking about it. >> That's right. >> You weren't even thinking about it. You describe in enough that the discovery of the GLP-1 medications is similar to the discovery of penicellin and insulin. Why are these medications different than anything we've ever experienced before? >> Yeah. Well, there are these moments in medicine like the discovery of insulin or penicellin. These medicines taught us about the diseases. They taught us about the biology and they save millions of people's lives. And that's exactly what these medicines are doing. They're teaching us about the biology just as we talked about. And they're going to save millions of people's lives. And they already are. And here's why. Because obesity in and of itself is a disease that affects so many of us. But obesity is also associated with over 200 other diseases. 200. So diseases like diabetes, like heart disease, certain types of cancer, hypertension, high cholesterol, all these things. And what is the number one killer of Americans today? It is heart disease. It is heart disease. And if you are a woman and you have obesity, your risk for developing heart disease is 50% higher. And if you are a man, it's 70% higher. And if you already develop type two diabetes, it is 90% higher. So if we can effectively treat obesity, we can treat 200 other obesity related diseases and literally save lives. >> Well, I think there isn't that's really I think there's still u I think there's still a lot of confusion around how and why the GLP-1 medicines work. the this book goes into great detail uh that I know is going to help a lot of you on the journey uh be able to wrap your brains around this. Can you explain it briefly how it works? How cuz you think it's working on your stomach, it's not. It's working on your brain. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, what happens is that um our body wants to survive. And so, it sets this in Oprah's case and in many many people's case, it sets a higher enough point. Our body doesn't think it has enough. So, it's always striving for more, for more fuel, for more fat, for more energy to store. >> That's why you called the book that. >> Yes, that's exactly why I called the book that. I woke up with the idea for the title shortly after the idea of for the book came up and it, you know, it really perfectly captured the essence and that's because our body doesn't think it has enough. Oprah's body doesn't think it has enough. And the medicines re-calibrate. They lower the enough point so that your body knows it has enough. Enough food doesn't need anymore. You just you just are you've had enough. The other reason why it's called enough is because we have so unfairly and tragically blamed people for having a disease that is not their fault and that is not their choice. This is about biology. This is about having a disease. And so we've had enough shame and blame. The book >> that's what the enough meant to me. Enough. enough like enough. We've had enough. >> Yeah. So, this is what I know for sure. Uh that some people, no matter what you do, you can't lose the excess weight. We've watched Serena Williams win championships after championships. You all know she is the GOAT, the greatest of all times. She is an elite world class athlete, working out every single day, eating healthy food. Even she could not win the battle until now. Come on out here, Serena Williams. 23time Grand Slam champion, the goat Serena Williams says her struggle with weight began after giving birth to her two daughters. In August 2025, Serena announced that she lost 31 lbs on a GLP-1 medication and is now partnering with the teaalth company Row to share her story. >> Well, this is the thing. when you came out for row, >> I went, "Holy Lord Jesus and all your disciples," >> I felt that that was a seinal moment and I was like so proud of you because I knew that you were going to get a whole lot of, "Oh, how dare you and what do you mean and what was that like for you that the the day that you came out for row?" >> Um, I just felt good, you know, first of all, you know me, I don't listen to the noise. I'm like, get in line. There's a very long line. >> Go all the way to the back and you're going to be a long time before I hear that complaint. But it made so much sense cuz as you were saying, I'm an elite athlete and I loved hearing what you were talking about cuz all that stuff makes so much sense. And I think everyone's personal body is different. Yes. And like the food noise, like all the benefits that the GOP ones can have. I just feel like for me, I just felt totally different. And I'm literally like my last my last match at the Open, I literally was working eight hours a day in the gym training and I never could lose an ounce. In fact, I feel like I may have even gained weight. >> Wow. Wow. And it was incredible how my body looked even though I was putting in hours and I'm talking we're in the summer in Florida putting in hours and hours and hours of training and I was eating like >> that's when I said Lord Jesus you know >> that if Serena Williams who's working out eight hours a day >> literally >> cannot lose weight something's up. The biology is >> I think it's biology and I think also when you have kids maybe that biology changes. But I feel like a little changes and then you just learn so much about the GLP1s and how much they're affecting your body with the different proteins that it's doing and >> And it's just >> So it did change for you after having your first child. >> I Yeah, absolutely. It did change for me. Yeah. I couldn't lose weight the way I used to. >> And it was actually virtually impossible. >> Yeah. With eight hours. I mean I I can't even imagine. and your workouts. We've seen your workouts. >> Yes. My workouts are insane. A professional athlete. I was actually playing a professional sport. >> So, I felt >> Drop the mic, y'all. That's it. >> I felt it so important to tell my story cuz I felt like a lot of people could relate to that. >> And I loved when you shared your story because for the very reason you are the most amazing athlete >> and all of time >> of all times. But I couldn't beat that weight. >> Yes. couldn't beat the weight. The one opponent I could not defeat >> is the weight. >> Yes. So, it was so exciting to work with Ro and then they really wanted with them, they really wanted to tell a story. They didn't just want to just single out like me. They really wanted to tell a story about so many people were dealing with what I was dealing with. And >> I read that you were initially skeptical of the GLP1. >> Absolutely. Because it's like the skinny shot and like it's a shortcut. And so for years I didn't well not for years but for a long time I didn't do it and I didn't want to do it. Yeah. And I thought like I'm not gonna take the shortcut, you know? I'm I'm gonna work harder. But then eventually I was like I I've tried everything. I've tried every diet. I've tried every workout. I've tried walking for hour. I would go to Europe and Paris and I would just walk for hours and the 20,000 steps a day like every single thing, you know, and nothing was working. Or I would get So this was killing me backstage. I would lose the weight, but my body liked to BE AT A CERTAIN WEIGHT AND THAT WAS SO EYEOPENING for me. I was like, I feel like I didn't know that. >> Enough point. >> Yes. I was like there and it's it's so weird cuz it's like whenever I lose weight, it's like all of a sudden I'll get even hungrier and I'm like my And when I reach a certain weight, it wants to go back to the other weight. And I'm like, no, it's your biology. That's your biology. >> You get hungrier. And guess what? When you're playing those amazing tennis matches, your body's burning less. It's more efficient. So, it's making you eat more and burn less >> because it wants to keep you at that enough point. >> Listen, and and I had enough of that >> That's right. That's right. >> So, what made you change your mind about trying the medications? Well, honestly, um I've heard a lot about this medication, about the GLP1s, not only for weight loss. So, that's the original reason I got on it because I was like, listen, first of all, I do want to lose weight, but there's also other benefits. I don't know if you can share those benefits. But anyway, I thought there I saw I read there's lots of other benefits in the GLP. I'm so excited to read your book because there are so many more benefits from GLP1, >> but I was like, let me at least try those benefits and maybe I can lose weight with it. But >> I would like to say again, everyone's body is different. So, I don't know how you guys all feel. >> I didn't lose you lost weight. You the food noise stopped for you. You said instantly. >> Yeah. It stopped like the next day >> a month or two for me. Really? >> Yeah. And I don't know if anyone else had that, you know, experience, but a couple of my friends are like, "Oh, I've been on it for a month and I've only lost like three pounds." I'm like, "That's okay. I I actually probably lost one pound." >> Um, so I think everyone's personal body talk like I'm like, "Talk to me about that. WHY WHY EVERYBODY LOSES DIFFERENTLY?" I I know somebody that just started, they lost a female who lost on the lowest lowest lowest dose lost 13 pounds in one month. That is highly unusual. I hear that there are super responders to this medication and there are low responders. There are some people who respond really really strongly to it and other people don't. >> And that's cuz there's different types of obesities. There's not one type of obesity. There's different types of obesity. We just haven't figured >> I had the tough time. >> You have the tough time. You have the tough but you responded which is really wonderful. And likely what what happened with you is you probably needed a higher dose. You got to start at the low dose. We'll talk about side effects later, but we got to start at the lowest dose and go up. >> If you don't start at the low dose, everybody, we will talk about side effects later, but if you don't start at the low dose, that's why a lot of people were having major side effects in the beginning throwing up, all of the gastrointestinal issues come when you take too high of a dose and you don't gradually move into higher doses. >> So, it's really good because it sounds like you started at at the appropriate low doses. You go by the book. Got to go by the book. Got to go by the book. And then you go up and you probably just needed to get to that higher dose. It just takes time. But that's a good thing. The weight did not come on overnight. We don't want it to come off overnight. We want to do it slowly. We want to do it well. We want to maintain all that wonderful muscle mass, right? We don't want to lose it all at once. So, this is very good. This is very good. Yeah. >> Good. So, you you you've been now taking the medications for nearly a year. What's changed for you? So, my life, I feel happier. I mean, I feel like I have more energy for my kids. Um, I have a I just feel like I can do more. Don't laugh, but I love to dance. I can drop it. I got knees like Megan now. Would you LIKE TO SEE? YES, I like to see. OKAY. >> WOW. So great, >> you know, but seriously, >> it affects my joints in a like my joints are so much lighter and so much better and I can I'm like, "Oh my goodness, I just wish I had have done this while I was still playing." Like it would have made such a big difference for me in my career. >> Come back. >> I could. But yeah, so it's just as I skip over that. Okay. It was it's just like it's affected me like I feel physically so much better. I feel more alert and it's just to be able to do things that I could never do. Like even when I was playing I could never do that at my highest because I realized it was extra weight that my joints were carrying. >> And like I I can go to the clubs now. >> We saw you. We saw you listen during the Super Bowl doing the thing we did. True. >> I hear I hear you. you you really want people to understand and I think this is so important that the medications are not a shortcut. I mean, first of all, I think that's why I was so proud of you because for you, Serena Williams, the greatest of all times to say you were having problems and now you understand that it was because of your biology and your enough point for you to not to be able to conquer the weight means it's it's it it's it's truly biological. Yeah. And it's so relatable because so many people as we see are dealing with this. Obesity is a real thing and the more I read about it, the more how it's just going to help so many things. >> Like you were talking about heart disease, which is the number one killer >> killer of Americans and it's just >> 13 types of cancer, diabetes, all these different things. >> Well, but yeah. Yeah. I love the way the way I I loved I love the row ad where you said, "I don't take shortcuts." >> Yes. I don't. >> You don't. >> And so I thought that was another thing and I loved how Ro wanted to put this together because I've never taken a shortcut in my life. In fact, I would go the longer way to make sure I was the best, to make sure I did the extra work, to make sure I did the most. And so for me, and that's why it took me a little bit to want to start on the GLP one because I thought, well, is this a shortcut? And it really wasn't. It's just if anything, it's just a shortcut to better health. And that's just the way to look at it. >> And and it's a way to get healthy. If you had diabetes, we wouldn't say, well, I'm sorry, you can't have any insulin. You got to do all these things. >> We wouldn't say, "Let me try to do without the insulin as long as I can." Exactly. let me concentrate really really hard and make my blood sugars normal. We would never say that to a patient. Why do we say okay for the rest of your life control every morsel of food that you're eating. Control every movement that you're doing for the rest of your life. Why would we ever do that? Let's treat the biology. Let's treat the biology just like we treat it for any other disease. So this is absolutely not a shortcut. This is a way to treat your disease. >> But I hate that we weren't looking at it as a disease. We were looking at it in a different way. But if you do change how you look at it and change the conversation, this is why this conversation is so important. I'm so glad we talked about this cuz I'm like we have >> I told you we was have to do something, >> you know, and so it's about having these types of conversations and educating people that this is a disease now treat it. >> Yes. And you're a huge part of that obviously. So is Oprah. >> Yes. Shade, what did you want to say? >> Oh my gosh, Shireena. I was on the subway on my way to work when I read the article about you being on the GLP1s and I immediately signed up with row while on the train because given that you are the goat and your career is evidence of that. I just knew I could see myself in you and just know that it's been working. I mean since August I've lost over 20 pounds. >> Wow. >> And as a psychologist by trade I've always appreciated how you've just showed emotional strength and vulnerability throughout your career. It's really helped women like myself and my clients be able to understand that like resilience is not about, you know, not meeting challenges, but really meeting yourself with self-compassion and grace. And while being uh with row on these GLP1s, I've just had so much compassion for myself. I mean, I was working out four times a week doing hit workouts. >> I love a hit workout. >> Yes, I love, you know, it messes up the silk press, but I love it. But, you know, I wasn't seeing any results and I still had cravings. And then once I started the GLP ones, I'm still doing the HIT workouts four times a week. I still have energy to show up and do that. So, it's just been Thank you so much. >> Doesn't it make the workouts that much better? I That's what I've noticed. My workouts have improved like exponentially. >> Absolutely. And my knees like I'm not going to drop to >> Well, just in case you want to. But even with running, I'm noticing my my joints and knees are not, you know, feeling as tight and heavy and sore. >> Yeah. And and there are, you know, we think there are anti-inflammatory effects. So, it's carrying less and it's the anti-inflammatory and that's, you know, that's where a lot of the research is now because patients are sharing with us what they're experiencing. So, already two examples right here. Food noise, the joints, the anti-inflammatory effects. So, we're learning from all of you. We're literally learning from all of you. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> Well, and don't you feel freer? Don't you feel freer? >> I feel freer. I feel I feel better. I have more confidence. Not that I The thing is, it's not that I didn't have confidence before cuz I did, but it's just it's just different. You know what I mean? It just it just heightens and that and it's like that self-love. It's like you have it, but then it just >> comes out in a different type of way. And it takes away things that you didn't know that you were feeling or you were subconsciously feeling because of the extra weight that you had on you that you try. You said you would do four walk workouts a day. >> Yeah. And like how you weren't losing the weight. I can totally relate. You look great, by the way. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Well, we know you have a busy schedule. So, thank you for stopping by. >> Thank you. Thank you for having me so much, Serena. Greatest of all time. >> Nice to meet you. >> The greatest of all time. >> Thank you so much. See you later. See you. >> Take care. >> Bye, everyone. Thank you. >> Bye, Shireina. So, uh, I want to bring in this audience who have questions. Elizabeth, >> hi Oprah. Hi, Dr. Ana. Thank you so much for including me in this important conversation. Um, I've struggled with my weight throughout my whole life. And then I entered the realm of pmenopause >> where my body just continued to expand, especially my midsection. And no matter what I did, I could not contain it. It just kept stretching and stretching and stretching. And so >> which makes you even more prone to heart disease does it not like women who carry weight carry carry the weight in the middle carried it there and it kept on going with a mind of its own. So anything like I said anything I did just wasn't working and um I've heard of GLP1s and when Oprah you shared your experience and success with GLP1 and a dear friend and co-orker of mine had a had a profound effect on her life. I said, "I gotta give this a try." The alternative is what? >> So, I went on Zepbound. It's been eight months. I've lost 52 pounds. >> What's even more exciting when someone sees me and they were like, "Wow, you've lost so much weight." I was like, "I don't have high cholesterol anymore." That's right. >> That to me is like gold. I My cholesterol's been high for so long. It's finally normal for the first time. >> My A1C is normal. Inflammation. What inflammation? It's It really has. >> How's your blood pressure? >> Life life-changing. >> And blood pressure. >> I've That's good, too. I mean, just everything has been when I got my labs, which now labs to me, that's like a rock star. My labs are great. >> I wear it with a badge of honor cuz I have three daughters and I want to lead by example and show that things are possible. >> Yes. So, and the food noise when after the first day of trying it, I was like, "Wow." Yes. >> I didn't know what food noise was till that voice was gone. >> And so my question is back to food noise. Like why do some people have food noise and some people like my husband does not have the food noise? >> Yes. Yes. Yes. So first, thank you for sharing your story. It is one that we hear so much. Perry menopause is a time where people gain weight and where women start to carry more fat around their bellies just like you said and that can cause diabetes. It can cause all these different things that you're talking about. So, I'm so glad that you are getting healthier, that you are feeling healthier and that you're feeling great in terms of the food noise. Um, so it really depends. So, some people just don't have it. But people who live away from their uh set point, from their enough point. So your husband may not be living away from his enough point. He may be living exactly where his brain wants him to be. His brain wants him to carry a certain amount of fat. That's where he is and that's where he stays. For you, you were working at trying to decrease your weight to to lose some of that fat. And so let's say you were 15 pounds away from wherever you were going to be. Your brain was trying to pull you back up. And a great way that your brain, your brain's super smart. It's like, uh-uh, you got to eat more. You got to eat more. So, it was manifesting that biology of not having enough to bring you back up to where it wanted you to be. So, the farther away you are from your enough point, the more food noise you are likely to have. >> So, Carolyn, Carolyn's in our audience. Carolyn, tell us your story and your question. >> Yes. Um, I have struggled with obesity my whole life. Um, I was three years old when a doctor told my mom that I should go on a diet because I was on the high end of the weight scale. So, it's just something that has always been with me. Struggled with the binge restrict cycle throughout my teenage years. When I was 25, I hit 401.6 pounds and decided that I was going to have gastric bypass surgery. So, I did at uh 25 years old in 2020. And in that first year, I lost 180 pounds. >> Incredible. And I felt amazing. And then for the next year, I felt like that food noise was coming back. >> And I wasn't losing any more weight, even though I wanted to lose more. >> I just felt like I was fighting my own body on a day-to-day basis, just to even stay where I was, not even to lose more weight. Yeah. >> And then I found these GLP-1 medications. Heard about them on social media. Um, and I've been on Zetbound for 3 years. It's changed my life. I've lost an additional 60 lbs. >> I feel so much better in myself and have so much more freedom. Like I didn't realize how much time was spent thinking about food >> and now I can go about my day and not think about what am I going to have for lunch? What am I going to have for dinner? What am I going to have for a snack? Am I still hungry? Do I need to eat this? Like >> just so much time and energy was spent on what I was going to eat. And then >> why am I not enough? Um why am I not doing enough to to change my weight? >> Yeah. Um, and >> the title works no matter. >> Absolutely. >> Very good title. I see it works for everyone. Yes. >> And so I understand that with the weight with your mind and your body, it sort of, you know, settles on this certain weight. >> And why would it do that in the sense that like why would it settle on a weight that's not healthy for you? And is there a way to ever change it? Yeah, that is such a great question. So, thank you. Your story is incredible. Um, you have persevered. You've tried all sorts of different treatments for your obesity throughout your entire life. You developed obesity at a very young age. For people who develop obesity at a very young age, so less than 5 years old, there's likely more of a genetic component. So I don't know you know obviously your your history and your medical history and everything but likely there's a stronger genetic component for you than for other people. Um there are many patients who require beriatric surgery and then medications afterwards. So uh around 12 to 18 months after buriatric surgery we can start to see some weight regain um and and it might be disease progression meaning your your body would have continued to gain weight and the the medications really help with that just as they have helped you. They again they recalibrate they lower that enough point even more and that is why you have more freedom from that food noise. That's why you're not thinking about food all the time. the question of why um why our body allows this. I think that the the the desire to survive is so strong that our body our brain specifically has to make this decision. It makes the decision well do I store more fat so that I don't starve so that I survive no matter what. No matter what I survive I survive. I survive or do I decrease that enough point and potentially risk not surviving? There is an upper limit. Meaning that if there wasn't because all of us eat enough that we would actually all weigh over a thousand pounds, right? There is an upper limit, but that upper limit it's it's not clear why it's set so much higher than for other things in our body. But it's a great question. I'm so glad that you're persevering and I'm so glad that all these things have helped you. Um you seem like you're doing great. Yeah, I think the most important thing for everyone to know who suffers from from obesity, uh, and it was always a hard word for me to even use because it's been so stigmatized that we didn't even want to use the word obesity or obese to describe ourselves. um but anybody who suffered from it, I think the most important thing to understand and particularly this book that you've written um enough is that it's not your fault. >> It's not your fault. I heard another doctor uh recently in Australia say that genes uh load the gun >> and the environment pulls the trigger. >> Yes. And I got you get that right. Genes load the gun and the environment pulls the trigger. Yes. And depending on how your genes are loaded into the gun that is you and the environment that you're in, you get the body that you have. And so I think to actually understand that that was Dr. uh George Orrigas who says that. So I want you all to meet now Julius Graham. Julius is a family member. He is Steedman's nephew. So, I've known him for many, many, many, many, many years and have been through many, many, many, many weight loss programs with him. He's now lost 64 pounds on a GLP-1 medication. His story is also featured in Dr. Ana's book called Enough. And Julius, you said that many years food was your best friend. Explain why. >> Well, I used food to cope. I um I didn't know how to survive without it. I I just uh from an early age when I was stealing cookies from a relative from the cookie jar where they had to hide the cookie jar. Hiding food under the bed. >> Hiding food on the bed. Can I tell this story? >> So Julia >> Julius lived with us for a while. Julius lived uh in Chicago uh with Seb and I for a while. And one day we were in the kitchen talking. Remember this? We're talking and we were talking about great snacks. And I said, "You know what I loved? I used to love that Fig Newton commercial where they say, "Darn to I like Fig Newton's." And I said, "Boy, would I love a Fig Newton right now." And Julia said, "You want some fig newtons?" Honestly, he takes me to his bedroom and under the bed are Oreos, Fig Newton's. >> True story. I mean, Cheetos, Red Hot Cheetos, Ruffles, every I mean, it's like a store under there. And I went, >> but I was just like, >> "What is going on in here?" >> Oh, no. >> So, I realized as I got older that I was actually addicted to food. I I tried every diet. Went to rehab for food addiction. Did OA overeaters anonymous. Did diet weight loss centers from as early as my freshman year at in college. I tried everything. I I tried all the diets. And the problem with all that was I started to take on the identity of like something's wrong with me. I'm not >> I'm broken. I'm wounded. And that affected every area of my life. And so I'm so grateful for these GLP1s because it saved my life. >> Saved my life. Gave me a life. >> Tell them about the story about your grandmother. >> My grandmother? Uh, okay. She wants me to cry. >> No, I don't want you to cry. I want you to tell the story because I thought this was a siminal moment for you. >> Yeah. Um, so for a long time in my life, I had been hiding and felt invisible. Um, and so my grandmother, I got a call that she wasn't going to make it. My grandmother raised me from a from a baby and I got the call that she wasn't going to make it. And I told myself in my diseased mind and my biology mind um my addict mind that I just need to lose 5 lbs, you know, before I go to see her before she passes away. >> And how heavy were you in that moment? >> I was probably in the 300s. And I had so much shame and so much uh self- torture and you know just so I didn't want to go home. I didn't want anybody to see me. I was embarrassed. I grew up with all the weight the weight issues and I felt like I would be teased and they would still say, "Look at him. He's still not enough enough." And so anyway, I said, "Let me book my flight." So I booked the flight. I said, "I'm going to need five days because I can lose a pound a day." And as if five pounds mattered when you weigh 300 lb, nobody would have cared. So the night before I left um I got a call and the co you know the call the call was your grandmother you know she's gone that morning I was leaving supposed to leave you know that morning that that very morning. So I've never forgiven myself for that. Um, I was too late. And I I just I've carried that. I've carried that for many years. And it's good to hear and it's nice to hear that it wasn't my fault because I felt so I tortured myself about that. The woman who raised me from a baby, who took me in and raised me, I I I didn't see her before she passed away. And I I made that I also included that into my identity of oh now you're just not a good person. You didn't even see your grandmother before she passed away. And so I've lived with that. And >> but as you're sharing that story, Julius, I can hear other people sniffling and I can hear other people thinking about how you've allowed weight in your own life to hold you back from something that was really important. Lots of us have not shown up in the way that we needed to show up in our lives because for one reason or another you wanted to lose 10 pounds or 15 pounds or you didn't feel like you were enough to be there in that moment. So I really do, you know, you and I have talked about this a lot. Hope that you come to some peace about it understanding number one the weight wasn't your fault. And also I I I I was I was sharing with Julius. I said it reminds me of how many times I've gone to the doctor. Anybody else done that? And you like take one foot off the scale when you're being weighed and if you're 211 lbs, like 218 is not going to make a difference in what the number really is. But you think that it is in your mind. If you're three or five pounds less that it's going to make a difference. You think if you're 300 lb and I lose 5 lbs, it's going to make a difference to somebody. And it doesn't. And I and I I think it's really appropriate that you said in my diseased mind. Yeah. I I was thinking that way. And you were at first reluctant. You shared with me you were reluctant for the GLP ones too because >> well I thought it was the shortcut like Serena said. I I I was taught to grind it out and willpower it out and discipline it out. >> And I was the guy who spent four to six hours in the gym as well. >> And so I could never work out enough. And then something really struck me. This woman here who is the hardest working person I know, >> the most disciplined, the mo who has all the willpower, who has all the grit, as you said, >> if she can't do it, how how am I going to do it? How am I going to do it? I I didn't stand a chance. So, that clicked for me, but it took a while. It took a while. >> And so, what has happened now that you've been on the the medications? What has it been like for you? I mean, my life is just opened up in a way that has never opened up. I'm fully alive, fully engaged. My relationships are better. Everything in my life is just exponentially better. >> You write and this is enough that self-lame is one of the most pernicious effects of this whole disease and shame is it. Yep. >> Yeah. But your story is, I mean, when I heard it the first time, it's it's heartbreaking. And so many of our patients, so many people with obesity, that's exactly what they experience. And it's so unfair. It is so tragic. Why have we blamed people for this long? It's about biology. And now you know that. And you know, I hear in your words now the freedom that you feel. And I wish we had these medicines hundreds of years ago or decades ago. >> We do too. >> So that you didn't have to >> I'm kind of ticked off that since 2000 uh since 2013. Y'all have known >> we haven't we >> It's 2023 when I catch up. >> We did we did have medications and we still have them. They're not as effective as the ones that you're taking now. We still use them. Um, but we didn't have as effective medications yet. So, I'm grateful that we have them now. I'm grateful that we can help patients. We can help Julius. >> We can help our patients. >> Thank you. Thank you, Julius. Thank you. You know, I love you. Thank you. Thank you. You know, I love you. >> We have been through it. We have been through it. We have been through it. Tim Tim is a Tim is a high school teacher and lacrosse coach. Bravo to you. I know we need so many more male teachers right now. What is your question for Dr. Ana? >> Hi, thanks for having me. I appreciate to be part of this conversation. Um, so my my number was like 220. I was carrying 220 for years which was overweight for me. >> That's your enough point. >> That was my enough point. Yeah. >> At 5'8 and a half was a bigger number than what I have liked. So several years ago had about a six-month window of pretty heavy family stress. My mother had a stroke. Brother had major heart surgery and my other brother was diagnosed with stage four colon cancer. So I kind of ate all that on and uh got up to 246. So that was about a little over a year ago. So a friend of ours had real good success with the program and I knew my my father died of a heart attack years ago and had four previous heart attacks and a stroke as well. So, I knew the heart thing was a real threat. So, uh, went on Zepbound, lost, I'd say, was a super responder. I dropped in a hurry. I dropped 60 probably in five months, hit 70 by 6 months, tapered the dose, got to where I am now, which is 185. So, my question is now that I'm at a good weight, my blood levels been good. Um, that blood pressure is really good. >> Great. >> Um, you know, do I have to stay on it forever? Can I can I even lower the dose more without going back up? >> And if I do have to stay on it, you know, what are some long-term effects? Yeah. You know, from that as well. >> Great question. Yes, >> that's the question we want. >> That's the question. >> Um, and this is probably one of the most common questions, if not the most common question that we get both from patients and from healthcare providers. And at the crux of it that the the baseline is obesity is a chronic disease. It's a chronic disease. It's a lifelong disease. So we need to treat it chronically. We need to treat it lifelong. And this is also why we don't call the medicines weight loss medicines. Right? It's not about weight loss per se. It's about maintenance. And what the medicines do is not weight loss. They recalibrate. They lower the enough point so that you your body wants to carry less weight, wants to carry less fat. So that's exactly what happened to you when you lost all that weight. Your enough point came down and the weight followed. Now what do we want to do? We want to maintain. We want to maintain that new enough point. So we want to maintain that new weight. What would happen if we would stop it? Well, the enough point, your enough point would go back up. And what happens when the enough point goes back up? Guess what? You chase it. You go right back up. So you regain the weight. So for most people on average, they regain the weight. You mentioned blood pressure. Okay. So let's say you were taking a blood pressure medication and your blood pressure came down beautifully, wonderful. What would happen if you stopped taking the blood pressure medicine? Blood pressure would go back up and we're not surprised. It's the same thing with these medications. So right now what we're finding is in order to maintain that weight reduction. In order to maintain that weight, you have to keep taking the medicine. In terms of the dose, you know, we're working all these things out. We're trying to figure out what the best thing is in terms of maintaining. right now. Just like for other diseases, the medicine that worked for you, the dose that worked for you is likely to maintain, but there could be some variability. >> Yeah, I tried I tried to beat this, remember? Cuz I said, "No, I'm going to beat it. I'm going to prove to you that I can do it without it." And so I went for like a year uh took myself off the medications for a year, last year, >> and I gained 15 pounds. >> And then I said, "Your enough point went back up. >> Am I my enough point?" I And I was doing all the things. I was still trying to maintain the same amount because I was like, I'm gonna prove her wrong. Uh, I'm gonna I was doing all the same things. I was working out and I was like, "Okay, so I'm walking 3.5 miles a day. Now I just need to walk. I'm going to add to five miles a day. Then I'm going to add to six miles a day. Great. Great. Now I'm going to not eat need eat just one meal a day. I'm going to eat one smaller meal a day." And and I and I put the weight biology is like, "Uh-uh. I'm not listening to that. I'm gonna >> And I stopped myself before I said, "I see where you going, girl. I see where you going. >> You heading back to 211. You're heading back there. >> You can't will power that biology away. You just can't. It's just It's just so powerful. It's just so powerful. >> Yeah. And I was able to keep the weight for like a few months and I was like, "No, Dr. Ana, I'm doing really good." And she'd check in and say, "How are you doing? How you doing?" I'm doing really good. And I was like, "Well, I gained three pounds this week and then now I gained two pounds this week." So I tried. I tried. Yeah. and I put myself back on in August. >> And then to to to to your second point, the long-term side effects. So, uh these medications GLP-1 receptor agonists and and GLP-1 GIP receptor GLP-1 receptor agonist have been used for the treatment of diabetes for 20 years. So, we've been monitoring for side effects for long-term side effects for 20 years. Can I say we know what's going to happen after 30, 40, 50 years? No. With millions of people taking medicines, will everything always be good? No. There's nothing in life that is all good. So, we have to keep on monitoring and looking for things, but right now we're not seeing any long-term detrimental side effects. Now, there are things that come up. In terms of the most common side effects of these medications, they are gastrointestinal. Um, so nausea, diarrhea, constipation, and and sometimes vomiting. Those are the most common. But the best way that we can not have those side effects or at least mitigate those side effects, lessen them, we mentioned before, which is to start at the lowest dose and go up very very slowly. We have to start at the lowest dose. So for you, so your body gets used to it. Your body gets used to it. And that also means that let's say you were going to pause, right, for any reason or stop them for any reason um because of shortage or cost or anything else. If you if you pause or stop them for any reason at any time, you have to start back at the lower doses. >> More than two weeks, right? >> It and it depends on the medicine, but yes, two to three weeks. Um because because of the >> I stopped for a year and then >> you got to start at the lowest dose. You got to start back at the lowest dose again because otherwise if you go up too quickly, you're more likely to have nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. So start low and go slow is really the best way to go. And that takes communication with your provider. and your provider should know that. There are also things that that that patients can do to help mitigate those side effects. So, they're they're fairly simple. So, it's not eating past the point of fullness, watching out for which foods may exacerbate your symptoms. So, for a lot of people, it's fatty foods. And then the last one is eating smaller but more frequent meals. So, those three things really help in terms of mitigating side effects like nausea. Additionally, drinking enough water really helps. If we're dehydrated, one, our kidneys are not happy, and two, it can actually make nausea worse. And then the fifth thing that I think is so so so critical is if you're having side effects, tell your provider. They're there to help you. They're there to work with you and they're going to figure it out. They're going to say, "Maybe you need a lower dose for a little bit longer and then we'll go up. Maybe we can try this, you know, another way of eating for a little while and that will help you." So, they're there to help you with those side effects. I'd say if you're on the medications, and listen, I'm not just trying to promote your book. Uh, but if you're on the medications, this book is really going to help you. If you're thinking about the medications, this book is really going to help you because I have found that a lot of the providers, they're just getting used to the medications themselves. They really don't know how to advise people. That's what I've discovered. And and what I'll say is, you know, when I went to medical school, it was the late 1990s. We didn't have one lecture about obesity. Uh these medicines didn't exist and we didn't know about the biology of obesity. Leptin had just been discovered, the the hormone that your fat makes that communicates with the brain. So, we didn't have that education. So, in a way, we're playing catchup. We're playing catchup to educate ourselves to then be able to help our patients. And again, these highly effective medications have brought this on. Right now we have an effective safe way to treat um obesity and and we have to >> obesity and the 200 other >> other obesity related diseases. Absolutely. >> Absolutely. All right, Patricia, you had a question. >> So when I saw you hold up that book called Enough, I immediately thought of you saying to all of us all these years, you are enough. >> So thank you for that. >> Um I'm going to be 48 this month and I've spent 30 of those years on a diet. I started on Weight Watchers when I was 16 and I got to the point where I just didn't think anything was going to help. Pmenopause, COVID, etc., etc. >> And to be very honest, I was aware of these medications, but I was afraid to take them. Very skeptical. I really didn't think they would work. >> And then I heard Miss Winfrey was taking them and they were working and I thought, "Okay, well, maybe I could be brave." >> Call me Oprah. Actually, >> thank you, Oprah. So, when I heard Oprah was taking them, I thought, "Okay, I I can be brave and I can try this." And much like Elizabeth, um I had terrific success. I've lost 60 pounds. And more importantly, my cholesterol also went down by 60 pounds. And being a person who was diagnosed with high cholesterol at the age of 11, that was remarkable. >> Wow. More importantly to me, I am built with the genetics of obesity, diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure. They're all loaded in >> my genetics. Yes. >> And so I've been fighting that my whole life. >> So what I'm most curious to ask you is, do you think that these medications can prevent obesity? >> Yeah, that is an amazing and incredibly forwardthinking question. Um, we are not there yet. We're not there yet. Hopefully within our lifetime. Um, I'm about your age, so hopefully within our lifetime that will happen. Right now, we have tested the medications in people who have obesity and who have overweight with all of these different things that you're you're mentioning, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, all those things that you're predisposed to genetically. We don't know whether they're safe yet in people to prevent that obesity. I think you know going forward we may look at that but right now we don't know and this actually brings up a really important point. These are medicines so there's a risk versus benefit ratio that we have to think about. There are side effects like we talked about and so these are not weight loss drugs. They're not quick fixes. These are medications. And so we always have to think about the risk versus benefit. We know right now the benefit of treating um patients with obesity to prevent all of these obesity related diseases is clear. There are many studies coming out about heart disease, about preventing diabetes, about um treating knee osteoarthritis, about obstructive sleep apnea. All these things are coming out. Um we do not yet have studies to look at obesity prevention. but in people who have a genetic a high genetic predisposition like we've heard from you from Elizabeth. Um those are things that I think we'll look at in the future. Great >> Great question. Yeah. >> So the reason why I'm doing this even though I know I'm going to get a lot of hateration for it is because I just believe that these medications should be accessible to everybody. >> I agree. >> I see how much they have changed my life. I have been in the struggle for a very long time. All of you who've watched me over the years know what that struggle has looked like. Up and down and yo-yoing and yo-yoing and yo-yoing, feeling bad about myself, feeling shame, all that. And I just want everybody else to be released from that. >> And to be released as young as possible, I think of all the years and time I wasted. >> Yes. I waste it feeling embarrassed, feeling ashamed, feeling like um even though I am Oprah and all that that means and it's a pretty good thing. I will say that. But walking into a store >> and sensing that thing when the people just say, "May I show you the handbags? May I show you the gloves? May I show you the shoes?" you know, uh, feeling like you don't belong in this store because you know that there's not one single thing in here that's going to going to fit you. So, no amount of money, no amount of success, no amount of fame can can can change that. So, I am grateful that the medications have arrived in my lifetime. And I think about all the people who I I I've known who could have benefited from them. You know what I think about a lot? I actually think a lot about Luther Vandross. And those of you who know Luther know that he had the same struggle up and down, up and down, up and down. And the other day I was listening to Luther and I was thinking, "Wow, Luther, if you you just hung in there, you would have you would have been able to >> be around when this came and I know that he would have benefited so much from it." So, what do you what do you hope people take away from enough the book? >> Yeah, I mean, this book is about compassion. It is about hope. It is about biology, understanding and freedom. And bottom line is obesity is not your fault. It is not a choice. It is not about willpower. It is about biology. And it is a disease and it's a treatable disease. And now we have effective it's now treatable. And now we have these highly effective safe medications that can treat obesity. and in so doing treat over 200 obesity related diseases. So what that means is that by treating this one disease one patient at a time we can transform the health and lives of millions of people. We can transform the health of our nation and of the world. And I do think that that's enough. >> Oh that is good. good button there. Thank you all for sharing your stories. Uh Julius, thank you for being so open, so vulnerable. I think a lot of people are going to remember that story and think about how you have used weight in your life to hold you back from being the most that you could be, from serving the best you could serve, for showing up the way you needed to show up. Thank you so much for being >> open enough to do that. >> And >> yeah, >> and I want to thank Oprah. >> Because she's been the most vulnerable. She's been the most shamed, the most blamed for something that has never been her fault. And she has turned her pain, her silent pain into something so wonderful for all of us. So, I thank you. I thank you. >> Well, this is what's amazing to me. Thank you for saying that. But I I live with the philosophy that everything is better when you share it. >> Everything is better when you share it. And I've had that philosophy since I was living on a dirt road in Mississippi and we only got candy once a year. I would hold on to my candy till my cousins came because it's a lot better to say, "Ain't this good?" than to than to then than to eat it all by yourself. And so once I discovered this and I I I remember doing a show many years ago uh talking about weight and gaining weight, lose weight, and I said, "Y'all, if they ever invent a pill, if there's ever a cure, I'll be shouting from the mountain tops, I'll be telling everybody." So I'm now telling everybody, telling everybody about enough. Thank you, Dr. Ana Yaser. Thank you. Her book, Enough, Your Health, Your Weight, and What It's Like to Be Free is available now wherever books are sold. A big thank you again to Serena WILLIAMS and all of our guests. See you next week. Go well, everybody. You can subscribe to The Over Podcast on YouTube and follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen. I'll see you next week. Thanks everybody.

- I TRIED A GLP-1 FOR 3 MONTHS!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so much has changed the last 10 months. My life doesn't even really resemble or look the same at all, except for one thing. One thing still remains the same. A lot has changed in these last 10 months. Almost everything has changed down to my style, the way I dress, the way I've chosen to decorate our home, my daily routine. I mean, even my face. Since you guys saw me last, I had all of my filler dissolved in my lips. Completely dissolved. It took like 6 weeks to dissolve all of it. And then we completely started from scratch. I also had some filler put in my chin. I have Botox put in various places throughout my face. But let me tell you, I moved to California in April of 2024. We are now in January and I have not lost one pound since I moved here. Oh my god, Marty. I have worked very hard the last 10 months. Okay, I have done all different diets. I did keto for a minute. I did the animal-based diet. Now, keep in mind that none of these diets I did longterm. I never made it more than 20 days on a diet because I would not even lose half a pound and I would get so damn discouraged that I'm like, "Forget it. I'm not doing this." I have balled my eyes out so many times the last 10 months because I cannot lose weight. All the tricks that worked for me to lose the initial weight after I stopped drinking literally out the window left. Nothing has worked for me anymore. I have tried heavy lifting with walking five miles a day, getting my 10,000 steps in every single day. I tried cutting out carbs. I tried the animal-based diet where I was literally eating a total of 12 foods. Nothing but eggs and fruits and meat for two and a half weeks. Didn't lose one pound. Not a pound. My friends who tried that diet, did it for 2 weeks, lost 8 lb, 9 lb. Me, nothing, not a pound. I am at such a plateau, you guys. Marty is sitting right here on my lap. That's why you see the little pussycat tail. I know my body and I know how I should be losing weight. I am walking 10,000 steps a day. That's 5 miles a day. Plus, I'm doing Pilates. Plus, I'm integrating weightlifting three times a week. Plus, I'm not eating carbs. I should be losing at least a pound in 20 days. Like, I'm sorry. Something does not add up here. And people will be like, "Oh, well, it's because you're gaining muscle." No, I know my body and this is not the way it works. I got so sick, you guys. I had bronchitis and the doctors here said that they think that I had pneumonia. Think I don't get it either, okay you guys? But I was sick as a dog in December for three whole weeks miserable. Barely ate because I was literally like on my deathbed. I couldn't even think about food. I was just miserable. I lost a pound and a half in 3 weeks. So what I'm trying to say is like I've known something is wrong. So I finally decided to get some blood work done. And long story short, I don't want to say anything too deep about this. I just don't want to cause any riff raff or anything. But I went through a series of doctors, the things I was getting offered, the medications I was getting offered. I was just like, "No, you're not understanding me. You're not understanding what I want and what I need." So, I ended up going back to a doctor in Tampa whom I've always loved. And for some reason, I didn't think that I could use her while I was in California. Like, I thought I had to find a California doctor. I don't know why. So, I'm like, "Let me have her like deep dive into my blood work." So, she did. And she found so many things, you guys. I just feel so validated because I have been saying for months and months and months this is not normal. The amount of times I have cried to my friends and to Jordan just like what is wrong with my body and now I actually know what's wrong with my body. I just feel so validated. Like the last couple of days I'm just like thank you Jesus. I have found a doctor who knows how to read blood work and just understands. She has already started me on some natural supplements to get this hormonal balance hormones balance. this hormonal balance, this hormonal imbalance balance. That's it. Um, I've already started on my supplements. With that being said, I am starting Ozmpic. I mean, it's not technically ompic, but I'm starting a semiglutide or maybe it's a peptide. I don't really know the difference and I don't really know technically what it is. All I know is I'm starting it. My doctor took a look at my blood work and said that the best thing that she thinks from me, what's going on internally, is that I need to be micro doing, meaning I'm going to do two injections a week as opposed to one. I'm actually going to give myself my very first injection today and I'm so excited. I'm also so nervous. My doctor said that because we're micro doing and because we're micro doing such a small amount that it shouldn't make me nauseous. She also said that for the next month I can expect to only see about 1 or 2 lbs of weight loss a week. And I'm like, are you kidding? I will take that. I have not been able to lose a pound in 10 months. Like if I see the scale go down, I'm going to be like, yes, praise God. Like anything matters. But she said that most people are very unhappy with those results because they want to lose like 10 to 15 to 20 pounds a month. And I'm like, okay. Wo. Like I'm not trying to like do anything crazy like that over here. And she said that once we get through the first couple of weeks and we see that like I'm not nauseous and I'm responding well to it, then she will be able to change exactly what I am taking and she'll be able to like mix it with other things, other peptides, other civlutides to really like specialize it to my body. You guys, I don't know. I'm not a doctor. All I know is I want to lose weight. My biggest thing is that I just want to wear a tank top again. Like I wish I could go back to the very last time that I wore a tank top with confidence and just relive that moment. Like I want to live that again so bad. Like I didn't know that that was my last time wearing a tank top. I've gotten just like so self-deprecating about it at times. Like during the last summer I went to Mexico and you know I was like in a bathing suit for my best friend's birthday. It was just so hard because I just felt so insecure cuz I'm just like this is not my body. Like what? I work too damn hard for this to be my body. Like I just don't I didn't feel like myself in a bathing suit. And that is the worst part. Not feeling like you. Feeling like you're trapped in someone else's body. And even after, you know, cutting out the alcohol and losing the weight, there's still certain things in my body that I'm like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that?" Like I've never had fat there in my entire life. I literally just want to be able to wear a tank top and jeans. That is my dream. That is my goal. I told my doctor, I'm like, if I could just be in a tank top by midspring, summer, like that is all I want. So, just know when you see that moment, it's a really big thing for me. Like, I just reminisce and miss it so much. I know it's dramatic, but I also know that there are some girls watching this that feel the exact same way as me, and I'ming sick of it. And it's so funny because when I lost all that weight, not a day would go by where people didn't accuse me of being on Ozmpic. Even doctors were making videos and stitching my videos on Tik Tok and YouTube being like, "Jaclyn Hill used Ozmpic" and lied about it. And here's how I know. And I'm like, "Bitch, if I took Ozmpic, I would have talked about it. I would have screamed about it from the rooftop. I would have taken a partnership. I would have been like, "Can I be in your next commercial?" Like, oh my god. I'm always going to be honest about what I'm doing over here. I think that I've proven that at this point in my career. We're 13 years in. like hello, I'm an open book. But now I'm just I think that there was like a part of me that refused to get on it. Like I was offered it over and over and I refused and I didn't want to cuz it was like a pride thing like no I can do it on my own. No, I lost it on my own. And also the internet stopped me from getting on Ompic. And you know even researching peptides and semiglut tides because I was like had this like thing where it was like it was negative. It was bad because you know I had like mean people in my DMs talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me every single day being like just admit it. You're such a liar. we know that you're on glue semiglutides. We know that you're on peptides. We know that you're on ompic. It had like this gross evil darkness to it and I refused to get on it. But now here I am 10 months later. Those comments have died down. I've been able to get some real life perspective and I'm like, "Yeah, I really, really want help with this." I think that's all I have to say for this intro. Let's get to injecting and let's see how this goes. Jordan just got here with In-N-Out. This is one of my favorite things about living in California now, actually, is In-N-Out. I order my In-N-Out burger, cheeseburger, extra lettuce. You have to ask for extra lettuce cuz it makes it so crunchy. Chopped chilies and sauce. No tomato, no grilled onion. It is so effing good. In-N-Out Burger with a side of ompic. Consider this my last supper. I'm always pro whatever she wants to do in a supportive way. Um, but the only thing that I'm excited for when it comes to the Ompic is that her appetite is going to be killed. So, it's going to be extra food for me to eat anytime we go out, which is awesome. 3x two animal style light veg with chopped chilies. There's no other way to do it. He's crazy. It's so much meat I would throw up. Another thing that I talked to my doctor about initially initially initially a couple weeks ago is that I have such a toxic relationship with food. I'll talk more about that later, but I genuinely have such a toxic relationship with food. And like when I'm craving something, like I want what I'm craving. I don't want anything else. And it's just like so dramatic. And the food noise never stops. Like I'm constantly thinking about food. My anger is out of control. Jordan's in the background right now just shaking his head back and forth because it's something that he deals with every single day. And I have to tell him every day, multiple times a day, I'm sorry. I'm just like really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right now. I'm hangry. I'll text him. I'm hangry. And he knows it's just like, okay, anything that comes out of her mouth, she doesn't actually mean I know I need to social distance. Social distance himself from my hangry ass. And I'm really hoping that doing these semiglutides will help me just completely restart my relationship with food in general because I know I need it. I feel like I failed to mention in my intro that I will also be incorporating dieting and exercising along with this. As of right now, I am not doing anything. I'll be honest. I got really sick in December and I was sick for 3 weeks and it totally knocked me off my horse at that time. I was doing hot Pilates, regular Pilates, and cardio, and I fell off. I fell off the wagon and I just did not get back. Um, I basically have not worked out in an entire month, and I'm just kind of eating whatever I want, but I'm really good at controlling how much I eat so I don't gain weight. Like, I know how to eat two or three Reese's and not the entire bag. You know what I mean? But I am going to incorporate working out again and also getting back on healthy and clean eating but in moderation, one thing at a time. So I'm going to start the injections now and then I will start implementing those things in the next week. Sorry my dogs are barking. It's always the zoo here. Kasa day. It's time. It's time. It's time for the big O. Wow. Oh, you are really excited about this. Okay, I got my injections. Look at how tiny the amount is. It's like what, like 15 cc's. I don't know, but lol at you thinking that you're a doctor from Grey's Anatomy. I don't know how people do this who are afraid of needles. Maybe in a couple of months I'll have less to grab on my belly. M I do a little bit of this and a little bit. Are we sure it's supposed to go there? What do you mean? I don't know where you're supposed to inject it, baby. Why does it matter? I don't know. It doesn't. Okay. If you had to inject yourself in a specific place, she would have told me. Okay, we're nice and clean. Ready? 3 2 1. Oh no. Are you okay? You're losing weight by the second. Oh my god. My eye twitching a little bit. Actually, my heart's racing. That's just my anxiety, right? Baby, that's cuz you just convulsed for 15 seconds straight. Sticking in my eye. Okay. Okay. Hypochondric kicks in. Call my mom. You've got a nurse on hand. What? What? I'm going to be skinny just like you. Yes, I am. Injection one. All done. Okay. It's been 24 hours since my first injection, and I feel like I had to document this because I don't know if this is a subconscious thing or what. I know that my doctor said that everybody is affected differently, but there's no way that this actually just like kicked in that quickly. But let me just tell you, I wake up hungry every day of my life, okay? Because I don't really eat before I go to bed. I it's part of something that I do to maintain my weight, right? Like I don't like to eat like within like 2 or 3 hours of going to sleep. I wake up in the morning and I wake up for food. I want a cup of coffee and I want breakfast like immediately. This morning I woke up and you guys, breakfast did not even cross my mind for at least 3 hours. All of a sudden my stomach started growling and I was like, "Oh my god." And I looked at the clock and I was like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's 1:00 and I haven't had anything." And I woke up at 9 today. So I went downstairs and I made myself like an English muffin with peanut butter and a banana. And then I was out all day long. I came home. I was hungry again. And I don't know why the peanut butter and English muffin slapped so hard that I had like another half of English muffin and peanut butter with another banana. That's all I've had all day today. Which is not like me and that's not even healthy. You know what I'm saying? Like I shouldn't just be eating two meals a day. Like that's not good. But I'm documenting this because it is really weird that that was my experience after injecting myself last night because that is not like me, you guys. If I barely eat, I am pissed off. I'm so hungry. I'm on the verge of tears. I didn't crave a snack once today and I'm on my period. I'm on day two of my period and I usually just like can't get enough chocolate. I feel like this has to be subconscious. I asked some of my friends who have done this and they're like, "Oh yeah, it didn't kick in for me until like 5 days to 2 weeks." And I'm like, there's no way that it kicked in for me immediately. There's no I'm just so confused. I've got to talk to my doctor about it. Like that's not enough. Like my body needs more food than that, but I'm not hungry. It's getting a little sketchy around here, guys. Just saying. So, I did something to my hair. I didn't really document any of it. I just went rogue. I'm so sick of it. I'm just I'm sick of long hair. I felt like it was weighing me down. I just needed a fresh start, a fresh cut. Wanted to go back and play with the red. It was a great day. And while I was there, because the hairstyle is on Melrose, I got yummies. I'm eating pie and injecting myself at the same time. Absolutely. After my first injection, I did not have one craving for like 36 hours at all, which is not like me. I have cravings all day, every day. And you haven't really been hangry. Oh my god, Jordan. I haven't been hangry once now I think about it. God, you look hot. I wanted this pro. And I don't know like what the rules are as far as like eating with it. I don't think there are rules. I think you just supposed to eat protein and that's it. But I just had half a slice of pie and I'm just going to walk away cuz I'm like scared. I'm like I'm going to like put it in my body and I get nauseous which has happened since your first shot. You have gotten nauseous a few times from food. I did get nauseous. Chocolate and eggs. We're joking around about it today at the uh salon because I have a puppy which is kind of like a baby and I have nausea from Ozmpic. They're like you're getting a real dose of motherhood pregnancy and motherhood literally between the puppy and the nausea. I will keep you guys posted on how I feel. Absolutely. I injected myself for the second time last night and my doctor text me today and asked me if I feel anything now that I've technically had my full round because I am micro doing. I am so sensitive. Everything makes me nauseous. Everything just makes me sick. I'm allergic to so much. I break out in hives. I'm just a sensitive little girly. Okay. So, she wanted to break it up into two and I've now done both injections and I feel great. And I'm telling you you guys, it's kicked in for me. I don't care if this is subconscious. Like, it has kicked in for me. It's so weird. Like today I had a little turkey with my scrambled eggs. So just like a good protein breakfast. That was like 4 hours ago. I'm not even hungry. That is not like me. I would typically right now be hangry. Like unable to even see straight. So technically this is day five of my first injection and I'm just like I'm convinced that this has kicked in. I'm looking forward to seeing like what will happen. But yeah, that's my update and I'm a redhead. I feel so good. I feel like myself. Oh, it's just such a breath of fresh air. If you are someone who's been contemplating cutting your hair, just do it. Like, oh my god, it feels so good. It's officially been 1 week since I started my injections. I weighed myself this morning and I have not lost 1 lb yet. I am barely eating, but I went up 2 oz, which I find very weird as well. But this is my body. It's the most jac thing I've ever heard. Yeah, it's very much me to stop eating and gain weight. Although I haven't stopped eating. Still have an appetite, but it's definitely Oh, that one hurt. Ow, mother. Ow. Like, we went out to dinner to this amazing sushi restaurant the other night, and I felt so bloated afterwards. I felt like I could throw up, honestly, until the next morning. I think that that's a side effect. But it's only been 1 week and they say it takes like two. I felt amazing because she let me eat like half of her food. It was great. It's true. Everywhere we go, he's like, "Damn, I love this injection." cuz he eats so much. Okay, you guys, this is now my fourth injection. So, it's been 10 days since my first injection. I weighed myself this morning and I lost 1 lb in 10 days, which is like nothing in my opinion because I fluctuate a couple pounds all the time. 1 2 3. I text my doctor today because I lowkey felt discouraged and I was like, "Hey, I'm on day 10 and I've lost 1 lb." And she's like, "This is normal. We're doing it like this because I don't want you to get nauseous. I don't want you to feel sick." One pound in 10 days. Testing my patience. I am going to inject this peptide for the first time. First injection of peptides done. Come on. Okay. I feel like I owe you guys a very big update cuz I've just been kind of like sloppily recording my journey with Ozmpic the last month, if you will. I am not technically on ozenic. I am on peptides which is kind of like a form of ompic but I'm referring to it as ompic for you guys because that's what I feel like the majority of the world knows it as. So that being said I was micro doing a semiglutide twice a week right meaning like what normal people would inject with on Monday. I was injecting with on Monday and Thursday but I was breaking it in half that way I didn't get an upset stomach. I did that for a month and I just did not see results at all. I lost I think a pound and a half which to me doesn't even count because I'm like I fluctuate two or three pounds all the time. My doctor has now switched me to a different peptide and I just injected it uh 48 hours ago for the first time. I have felt off and I don't know if it's from the peptide or not, but I have felt like I have a bad headache and I have also felt a little nauseated and like I literally do not have an appetite. It's 4:00 in the afternoon right now and all I've eaten today is an egg. And I know that that's not healthy, but when I do have an appetite, I want to eat protein, but I'm just like like nothing sounds good. I don't love that aspect, but I guess this is the part of it that people don't talk about, right? Like I have a friend who went to Italy for 2 weeks and she was on Ozic while she was in Italy and she said that Ozmpic ruined her trip because she's like, I couldn't enjoy food. Like I love food and I love going to Italy and like eating the pasta and the bread and drinking afterall spritz. And she's like literally the thought of everything made me feel sick. So, she said like, "Yeah, I lost weight while I was there, but like I literally couldn't eat and it ruined my vacation." So, it's kind of depressing that like I don't feel a love for food right now. I'll keep you guys posted on how it goes, but at this current time, I am on amino acids, glutathione, and now a new peptide. I look at my body every day and I'm just like, "Girl, come on. Like, change. When are you going to change?" And it's not like I'm just sitting around doing nothing. I have been very active. Well, I don't want to say very because I've been more active in my life, but I've been very consistent with Pilates now. And I've been eating really good. So when I do eat, I'm eating high protein. I'm eating vegetables. I'm eating fruits. So it has been very very aggravating to not see the scale move. I know I have fat on my body. Like according to like my BMI, like I do need to lose a couple of pounds. It's just like specific areas on my body where I'm like, what are you doing there? I am so close to going and getting it lipoed out. But I would just prefer to try this first because I have so many friends and family who've had such amazing results with peptides where it's like 10 lbs gone in 6 weeks. Like if I could just do that and then get off of it. Oh, I did forget to tell you guys that we went to Nou for Taylor's birthday 2 weeks ago and I threw up afterwards. I came home, I felt totally fine and then I woke up at 3:00 in the morning and I was so nauseous. Nothing could stop me from puking. I thought that we got food poisoning and I woke up Jordan. I'm like, "Are you sick?" He was like, "I am fine." And I was like, "Oh my god, I can't hold it back." And I ran to the toilet and threw up. So I'm like, I don't know if I just like ate too much that night. It's just weird. But again, I have friends and family that say the same thing has happened to them where like they eat too much and then a few hours later it's like their body forces them to puke, which I'm like, I don't really agree with that either. But here I am doing it and vlogging it for you. This is the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that no one talks about when taking this stuff. And you know, I'm going to keep it real. My love for food is gone. And it's kind of depressing. Like I could see myself falling into a depression if I stayed on this long term, but I'm not going to. Like I'm going to get to my goal weight and stop. We're going to Nou for Jordan's birthday and I'm not like my god, I can't wait. Like normally I would be like so excited just to go and like eat all the things, you know? Last night we got a couple bags of chips while we were watching a movie on the couch and I had like maybe three small handfuls and I was like done. Like right now my stomach is growling but I'm looking at this and it does not look good. So, I'm just like eating it because I know I need to, but I kind of have to force myself. Okay. Hi. It's been probably now two weeks since I've checked in with you. I'm actually not sure. I have now been on this new GLP1 for 3 weeks. Tomorrow will be 3 weeks. I have now lost 10 lbs officially. So, this one is definitely working. I am down exactly 10 lbs in 3 weeks. It is now working. Um, I've had to make some adjustments. Uh my doctor told me to stop working out for this week just for like the last two weeks actually just so that my body could adjust to it because I was feeling really weak in class and she was like just give it a second and let your body adjust to this. Um because I am consuming such little food compared to before. So the challenge now is like whenever I do get hungry I force myself to eat healthy high protein things like cottage cheese, eggs, uh whatever it may be. That chicken really grosses me out right now. I almost feel like this is kind of what it's like to be pregnant in your first trimester because Boomer's chasing an ice cube around the house because I'm low-key nauseous. Like, not like, oh, I'm going to puke, but I'm borderline nauseated almost 24/7. Um, and I don't have an appetite and certain things really gross me out. Even certain smells gross me out. But it's working. It's temporary and I'm finally going to reach my goals and that's what I care about. Oh, update. It's been 1 month exactly, right? I think 1 month exactly and I've lost 14 lbs. I am so happy. Yesterday I had my first moment where I was getting changed and I was like wo like I actually see the difference in my weight loss. I feel like the first 8 n lbs or so. I know this might sound weird but I feel like it was almost water weight because I was like damn the scale is drastically changing but I don't look different. Which is weird. Um, I was talking to my mom just about like this experience in general and how the weight loss looks different on my body than it does when I do things completely naturally. Like if I just diet and work out and exercise, like when I lost the 40 lbs on my own naturally, my body lost it in a different way than it is now. Like my butt is getting flatter and I'm like, hello. Like my butt's never gotten flatter before from weight loss. I swear to God, I'm losing my ass and my tits right now. Like that's it. The Ozump is like, we're just going to let the fat stay everywhere else. We're just going to take this from you. I'm kind of ignoring the scale now to the point like I just want to see my body look the way I want it to and then I'll get off of it. Now I feel like I'm used to it. The nausea is pretty much gone. I just don't have much of an appetite. Like I just went out for tacos with my girlfriends and I had a half a taco, one bite of hers, one bite of another ones, and then like three chips with guacamole and I was like, I'm done. Like I probably had like 300 calories at lunch. You know what I mean? Where normally I would eat like 1,200 calories. That's kind of where I'm at right now. I'm I'm honestly so so grateful. I'm so excited. Like, I can't wait to actually go on vacations this summer and just be in a bathing suit and not feel like I have to constantly be hiding. I'm back on Pilates. I'm doing Pilates 5 days a week. And when I do eat, I prioritize protein big time. So, I'm trying to eat a very high protein diet and high-fiber diet because that helps with not losing hair. That helps with also just looking your best as you're on this is what everyone has told me. I have a few friends who've actually been on a GLP one and they just kind of like ate whatever they wanted like donuts for breakfast and they lost weight but they still they had like this like gaunt look, you know what I mean? Like and um everyone says it's because you're not prioritizing protein. So I feel like I've really screwed up in this video because I keep referring to it as ompic and then I've also mentioned semiglutide and then I've also mentioned I don't know what else peptides. So, for future reference, I'm just going to call it a GLP1 instead of calling it ozumpic or semiglut tides or things like that. You know what I mean? Tomorrow will be 5 weeks since I started the GLP1. Feel like I'm really seeing it in my face. I'm seeing it in my shoulders and like my collar bones, but it's I'm not losing weight the way I would like to. For instance, I've been this weight before in my life. Okay? So, the weight that I am right now is the exact same weight that I was when I launched my lipsticks, but I had way less fat on me. Now, I am trying to do weights two times a week and Pilates three times a week cuz I really just feel like my body needs weights. I think that this process is all about listening to your body. My overall review of a GLP1 is I hate it. I'm doing this literally for the weight loss and I'm just being real about it. I don't like it. Um, there's also side effects that I'm not enjoying. I have mild dizziness. I'm kind of out of breath at times. Like if I turn my head really fast, I'll get dizzy. I didn't even realize that that was like a side effect of this. And then I talked to my doctor and these are all very very common side effects of the GLP1 that I'm on. And I'm just like, "Oh my gosh, I just can't wait to get off of it." I'm going to go in and get blood work this upcoming week. So, we're going to like retest everything and see as far as if I should lower my dose, up my dose, and just kind of look at everything going on internally. I don't know how people stay on this long term. Like, I have friends that have been on it for over a year, and I don't know how cuz I hate the way it makes me feel. Like, I can't wait to get off of it. First, I got to reach my goal. So, that's where I'm at. I am so annoyed right now. Genuinely so annoyed. I don't even know the last time I got this worked up and just like angry and upset over the internet. I got so many tags in this Tik Tok and I opened up my phone. I'm like, what is going on? And it's a Tik Tok of a girl saying I I forgot exactly what it says, but something about like, "Let's talk about that influencer who lied about being on OMIC and actually said that she lost all the weight from drinking or selling greens." Okay? And I've gotten tagged so many times and I went to the video and the top comment with 12,000 likes is saying that it's about me and I'm like, "Oh my god." God. And I scroll through the comment section and it's just so many people being like, "This is why I unfollow Jaclyn Hill because she wasn't honest about being on Ozic when she lost all that weight. You can't lose all that weight without Ozic." And I'm just sitting here like like so angry because as you guys can see in this video, I clearly was not on OMIC when I first lost weight. I changed my entire life, but I'm now on it a version of it, right? And I'm like sitting here and it's so frustrating cuz like in the moment, right? Like I'm documenting this journey, but I haven't posted it yet for the last 2 months. So, like I'm sitting here on my couch thinking like you guys are so annoying sitting there accusing me of being on this when like now I actually am. And I'm documenting it for you because this is what I do. Like I am honest. Like people just so badly want to just make me out to be a person that I'm not. And I understand like you only see literally 1% of my life. And I've put a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there out on the internet for people to judge for sure. And I've also just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up in general. I do give people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to judge. But it's like at the end of the day, if I was on OE Epic when I lost weight a year ago, I would have just said it like I am now. And it's just so frustrating the fact that people are saying that they unfollowed me cuz I was lying. Like somebody in the comment section on this Tik Tok was like, "I'm confused. Jacquine never sold greens though, so this can't be about her." And [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] somebody responded to her and said, "Yes, Jacine sold a green product and it had 50 likes." And I'm like, "I've never sold a green product. What are you talking about? What are you actually talk The fact that people are just like just creating straight up lie. This is a lie. This is a lie from the dirt. I've created pajamas. I've created makeup. I've never created a green product. I've never sold a green product. I have talked about how I drink AG1 and I've done partnerships with them in the past cuz I do drink greens and I love greens. But I never sold it and I never said anything about it making me lose weight or the reason that I lost 40 lbs. Like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I did a whole entire YouTube series about how I lost weight. It's all It's out there. And that's what's so annoying is that I'm getting tagged like I am the one. I'm not the one. I've been in this industry for 13 years. I know everybody's dirty secrets. People that you would not even think that I know their dirty secrets. People that I've never even taken a picture with. Oh, I know their dirty secrets. The amount of people, other content creators in my DMs that just kiki with me cuz I'm just kind of like other people's therapists. Like people just reach out to me and I'm just there. I'm like, "Yeah, girl, let's talk." the amount of people that are on OMIC that actually are pretending like they've lost weight naturally and they're promoting the gym. There's so many of them and I'm not the one. Anyways, I do just want to say that it's very frustrating having people discredit the hard work that you put in. I'm on, you know, a version of OMIC now because I genuinely can't do it on my own. There are some underlying reasons why I can't lose weight. I've got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on. And so this is kind of step one is dealing with the inflammation and getting on a GLP1. But it's just so frustrating because it's like I did not profit off my weight loss. You know what I'm saying? Like I did not sell a product. This makes me not even want to post this. It makes me literally not even want to just be honest and be open cuz it's like what the does it matter? There's going to be people who are going to twist everything. And I can I can already tell you when this video comes out, there's going to be people that are like, "Oh, finally she admitted to it. She was also on it a year ago, too." When are you going to admit to that? That's what it's going to be. Just like people are still to this day, five years later, being like, "When are you gonna really tell us what happened with the lipsticks?" It's like, "Oh my god, people have lost weight before Ozic came out." Okay. Okay. Oh my goodness, you guys. So, I have kind of an interesting update on this whole journey, right? So, I told my doctor what my goal weight was. She was like, "Okay, we can easily get you there, right?" So, I'm now officially there. I've officially reached my goal weight. But, are you ready to hear the craziest thing? I am officially the exact same weight that I was when I launched my lipsticks, but when I launched my lipsticks, I was two pant size smaller. I was wearing smalls and extra smalls. I'm wearing like a small in a medium right now. Medium in the majority of things, smalls and some things, but my blood work still shows so much inflammation in my body. The reason that I finally got on it wasn't for my blood work. It was for vanity reasons. It's because I just wanted to lose weight, right? But she was so happy because she's like and internally you need this. But it's just so crazy how fat cells work. Just my inflammation, my cortisol, it's just all so out of whack still. And so it's kind of weird and kind of depressing that I'm now at my goal weight. I've barely lost any weight around my waist. And when I was this weight before, I was two jean size smaller, sometimes three. That's that. According to my blood work, I'm going to stay on this for another couple of weeks. I've been on it officially now 2 months. Definitely not going to be the person to stay on it for a long time. The majority of people I know who have been on it have stayed on it for months, if not over a year. I have a trip coming up and my doctor and I discussed that I will get off of it before that trip. I'm entering the stage of body composition more than weight loss, which is just a whole other thing. Yay. Okay, so what did I say in the beginning of this video? In the very beginning, I said my goal was what? I just want to wear a tank top again to need a tank top. I am so shocked right now. I just can't stop looking at myself. I'm shaking actually. Like I'm actually shaking standing here in this. I just can't stop looking at the fact that like I'm in a tank top and I'm not like I don't feel disgusting. Like I don't feel the way I used to feel in a tank top. Like damn. So, here we are, you guys. A little over 3 months, and I am sitting on camera for as many people in the world to see in a tank top. I cannot believe that this goal has actually been achieved. I have so much to say, but I don't want to make this video too long. I definitely am so beyond open to doing a Q&A to like dive even deeper into this experience now that the world is going to know that I did this GLP-1 injection for the last couple of months. It has officially been three months since I started. So, I started in January and it is now the very beginning of May. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it went by really fast. So, I did one month that was unsuccessful and then once I switched GLP1s, I have now been on that one for 2 months and I have lost a little over 20 lbs. So, I'm at that point where it's time to get off of it. I don't want to get to the place where I look too skinny, where I look like I have like ozumpic face or any of that. I think it's really easy to get carried away in this. It's really easy to get addicted to like the thinness and the way you feel. Um, I actually went to a lipo suction consultation a couple days ago because there's something that I've wanted done a little something that I don't think that people even notice on me, but I've noticed it since I was 17 years old. So, I went and I had a consultation cuz I'm like, "Hey, I'm in that era of my life. I'm trying to like look my best and better myself." And the doctor was just telling me how against GLP-1s he is for so many reasons. But he was like, "I've never had so many 20 yearear-old girls try to book facelifts in my life." He said, "They're taking this way too far. Their skin is getting so saggy. They're not getting proper nutrition. They're not taking care of their skin. You're depleting your collagen. You're screwing up your hormones. And you're not giving your body enough fat to feed off of." And he's like, "And I've got 27-year-old girls coming to my office wanting a consultation for a facelift, and I refuse to do it." And I just don't want to be one of those girls. Not to compare myself to anybody else, but I don't know anybody personally who's only done a GLP1 for two or 3 months. Everyone that I personally know has been on it for like at least 6 months plus, like 6 months to a year. I am proud of myself that I like know to call it quits. And I'm like, we're done. Let's get off this. My doctor told me that since I've like reached my goal weight, she wants me to lose five more pounds because I'm going to gain five more pounds back, right? And I don't want to be getting on and off this thing for the rest of my life. like this was just meant to be like a one-time thing where I can lose the weight, take care of myself, and be done. Um, I also think that something that I did not mention enough in this video for other girls, like impressionable young women out there watching this who want to lose weight, please keep in mind this was a last resort thing for me. And the reason my doctor put me on it was because of my blood work. I It was not just something that I was like, screw this, let me get on this cuz I want to lose weight. I want to be skinny. That's not what it was. And if you guys have been here for a long time, you know that that is a fact. I lost weight naturally, 40 lbs by myself. I plateaued for so long and then when my doctor saw my blood work, she was like, "You are an excellent candidate for this because of what I'm seeing in your blood work." And that's why she put me on it. So, I still to this day am not an advocate for GLP1. Like, I am not going to be that girl who's going to encourage other women to do this and I'm really happy with my results and now I can't wait to just like get stronger. Like, now that I don't have so much fat on my bones, like I can't wait to see like muscle definition come through. Like, that's the next goal for me. And I'm just so excited about that. And that's it, you guys. Uh, like I said, I'll totally do a Q&A and answer like way more in-depth questions cuz I definitely did not go super in-depth about stuff. I didn't even come close to scratching the surface about how nauseous that made me at one point. Anyways, I love you guys and I will see you in my next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bel_isnothere1441 [1 likes]: Dont pay atention to those bad comments in tiktok, its just ppl who doesnt have any willpower and they will never be able to lose weight without any drugs. And who cares how you do it! Its just ppl being ppl. They will never be able to do anything but comment sh*t.   Go for it girl!!!! You look great!!!!!!!
  2. @AmyHowle: Youre pretty with both but the darker longer hair was a whole vibe and part of the reason it caught my attention.
  3. @لولو-ن3م5ط: wtf is wrong with everyone in these comments? How are you guys so comfortable talking shit to someone you never met and don’t even know? You’re all disgusting, disrespectful and deplorable humans and your moms all FAILED raising you. Ew 28:00 I feel so bad for you Jaclyn. People are horrible and you deserve better. Idk why your comments are like this, you should moderate this because these people have no shame or soul & clearly have never been punched before. Everyone is so woke and sensitive to peoples emotions until it comes down to Jaclyn Hill, then they’re all bullies and the grossest group of people.
  4. @BellaBella10-p5w: F*** them yessss liars... you are so real so pure... ya know? Fuck themmm omg that people are reacring go F yourzelfs THIS JAQLINE IS HONEST damnn
  5. @BellaBella10-p5w: Why do everyone F***** over this Video. She is honest. I can find my self there
.. she is totally rightttttttt... if you dont like it go else where... instead of critique!!! Damnnnn... YOU ARE DOING GOOD.... LIKE IT
  6. @ladyt4u66: I did that one to many side effects, then did tirzepitide and so so much better.
  7. @wandaappel6122: Girl, please spit the gum out!!!!!!
  8. @WillowMoon77: “I am honest.”  Girl !!!!!   🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

And just admit you lost most of that weight because of your braces.  That’s probably why you got them.

Do they not make tank tops in your size ?  Or was it you refused to wear one if you weren’t 110lbs ?

STOP DRINKING ALCOHOL.  But for some reason, you just won’t put down the sauce.

And a person your weight, should not be on any type of weight loss medication.   You went from being overweight to having an ED because of how big you use to be.  You’re afraid to get that big again. Understandable.  But you need a psychiatrist AND a therapist, not a sketchy LA doctor who is giving a person with an ED a weight loss drug. And the doctor that you found who was/is willing to prescribe this to you needs to be stripped of their license.  You kept saying you cut out alcohol, yet you open your freezer and that’s all you have in it.  Every hard liquor they make.  And you use the excuse “Jordan uses it for cooking.”  He shouldn’t be using alcohol in the food he feeds you.  You’re a recovering alcoholic.  You just refuse to get rid of alcohol completely.  But you never will.

And it’s not a toxic relationship with food, it’s called being a spoiled entitled brat who has to always get what you want.  And doing Pilates my a$$.  You have no muscle tone whatsoever.

And Jordan just amping you up and cheering you on (calling you HOT with a damn syringe in your mouth) is just gross.  He’s been your biggest enabler in every bad decision you make.  And those side effects you’re suffering from are because you’re losing weight and not eating.  You are literally on your way to Eugenia’s.  This is not it.

And you never said what’s in your bloodwork.  Because you LYING.  “I’m an open book.”  A badly written one passing off fiction for facts.
  9. @lexic.7942: Do you think it helped adhd like symptoms?
  10. @HustlerMum: I’m glad the Australian government has banned social media for teens. Young girls won’t have to see this rubbish.
  11. @jaanumomma1869: Smfh dr just don’t give anyone this medication so that’s why you wherr dr hoping until u found one with no moral compass!
  12. @wordcoffee101: not saying this out of hate, but you have severe mental health issues. i've never heard of you until now, no reason to hate you, but this was disturbing and i feel sorry for you and i hope you get the help you need.
  13. @angelanelson301: I wake up hungry everyday 😂😂 girl we’re human! We all wake up hungry. Your starving your self. Man this is disturbing to watch as I go 😢. 13:33
  14. @SheilaFromIllinois: Reta is a game changer. Don't mess with sema or tirz.
  15. @sarahdurrani-q6l: u  r sooo true im not loosing a single pound on 5mg for a month trizepatode
  16. @Lopi-o2x: You and YouTube’s top five corrupt content creators are a scourge on humanity… you’re warping our children’s minds just to make more and more money. You’re the most despicable people on earth, right up there with politicians, journalists, and the pharmaceutical and food industries. You’re nothing but lies and destruction.
  17. @Rubina-l7n: the fact that you debated posting this says a lot, and honestly the vulnerability around body image stuff combined with a public platform like yours is genuinely hard to navigate.

one thing i'd add for anyone in the comments curious about GLP-1s: the first 3 months are so variable person to person. i went through formblends and my months 2 and 3 looked completely different from month 1 in terms of side effects and hunger suppression. the people who quit early often miss the point where it actually starts to work.
  18. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the honesty about debating whether to post this is what makes it worth watching.
  19. @jessiebeaudoin6073: Yo, is she good? The disordered body image, eating habits and ideas of what this medication does. It's extremely toxic.
  20. @mactasticme5772: ‼️So manic‼️ Get Help‼️

- My GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey |  TWO years on GLP1 Medications: Kind: captions Language: en I've been on a JOP1 for over two years now and I feel like there's not a lot of people that talk about what happens after the first few months. There's all this like hype and excitement and everyone is ready to share their journey those first few months, all the excitement and then at some point it just gets kind of unglamorous and boring and people stop talking about it. But I refuse to because I am still very much in it. It's been over 2 years and I am not at my goal weight. There are a lot of people who have hit their goal weight that have started around the same time as me and they have just been very fast responders. I am what people would call a slow responder. I'm also on a low dose which could play a huge role in the reason why I'm a slow responder. But I definitely am not losing weight as quickly as the people around me. And because of that, even though I'm two years in, I am still in the thick of it. And that's really what this channel is about. We are going to dive into just really being in it, living the weight loss journey, the things that have changed, how I'm living my life now that I'm 2 years in. And I definitely think that my perspective is so different than someone who is just starting. Equally important, right? someone just starting, someone sharing their journey and someone like me equally important. I think all of the stories should be shared. My biggest hope for whoever is watching this video is that you are sharing your story in some form or fashion, even with the people in your life. That still counts. That still matters. But get on social media, get out there and share your story because every single one of our stories is important and should be shared and celebrated. If you don't know who I am, my name is Nick and like I said, I've been on this journey for over two years. I started in March of 2023 at 258 lb. My highest weight was actually 277, which means that I'm getting very close to my 100 lb down from my highest weight ever, but 258 is my official start date on GOPM medications back in March of 2023. I am now hovering around 183. I've gotten down to 181 and then it just bounces back up. I am so stuck right now. I just want to see the 170s so freaking bad. But at the same time, I'm not really like living for my goal weight right now. I'm not It's not what everything is circled around anymore. It's just not at the forefront of my mind. What's really at the forefront of my mind is just getting myself to a healthy place. A lot of people will ask me, "Well, Nikki, why don't you dose up? Just dose up and then you'll start losing the weight faster and you'll get to your goal weight a lot faster." There's a few reasons why I don't dose up. And we've talked about it in previous videos, but just to quickly go over it, I don't dose up because side effects hit me and I don't like them. But I also don't dose up because I don't want to be on these medications for the rest of my life. There are other people who will just say they're going to be on these medications forever and ever. I am not one of those people. I actually absolutely hate injecting myself. It's not the needle. I have tattoos. Like I love needles. That's weird to say, but I love tattoos. I want to get my whole arm done. Like it's not the needle. It's not the pain. It's just the like mental game of it. Just telling myself that I'm giving myself a medication in an injustable form just kind of freaks me out. I don't love it. It messes with my mind. I convince myself that I'm having more side effects than I actually am. And it just it my anxiety just can't handle it very well. I do it I push through every single week. There are many weeks where I skip my injection because I just mentally can't get there and I convince myself that I don't need it this week and there's a reason why I skip it. But it's all a mental game for me and I absolutely hate it. And I know this isn't the case for other people because my husband recently started as well in January of this year and he could care less. He's like, "It's injection day. Where's our injection?" And meanwhile I'm like, "Uh, don't remind me. I don't want to do it." but he could care less. Like for him, it's any other day. It does not bother him whatsoever. And I think that's the case for a lot of people. But for me, I absolutely hate it. And I don't want to be on these medications forever. So, I fully believe that if I stay at a low dose and I start to just get used to having that food noise diminished, but not maybe fully diminished, so that I am kind of fighting the food noise, but not because my food noise is pretty much gone. But I also like I don't want the medication to do all of the work for me. Not that it's doing all of the work for everyone, but the higher the dose, I do think that the more work it does. And I want to be able to like do some of the work myself because of my endgame. That's the only reason is because of my endgame. If I was going to be on these medications forever, then maybe I would try to dose up. I just I don't want to be. I want to be able to go off of them. I want to start working out. I want to start eating more healthy. I want to do all of the things for a healthy lifestyle to where I'd be able to maintain my goal weight without these medications. And I know that's different for many people. And I've been on them for two years and that's still my end goal. So I'm not like I don't need to get off of these medications super quickly. I just know that I don't want to be on them forever. I I really don't. I would prefer to not be on them at all. But it's not because of any particular reason. It's just a mind game for me. But I think the biggest differences of my life now versus my life then and before then is before starting these medications. Is before starting these medications I my entire day my entire life relied on food. I would wake up thinking about food. I would go to bed thinking about food. I would teach thinking about food. I would snack all day long throughout the entire day. Food was just constantly on my mind. It was the forefront of my life. And then I went on these medications and the food noise went away. And I was able to start to really heal myself. I was able to stop. Like I am a hardcore people pleaser 100%. I let people run over me. I don't say no. I would always and I think a lot of that had to do with my weight and I was worried that people weren't going to like me and I wanted everyone to like me despite the size of my body. So I would never say no. I would let people push my buttons. One of the biggest changes that has happened is that I do say no now. I am still a people pleaser. Don't get me wrong. I still want people to like me, but I'm also so much faster to say no when people push my buttons. I'm so much faster to push back. It's like I've just become such a different person when it comes to the healing parts of myself. I don't just take things as they are. I secondguess things. I ask questions and I do not let people run all over me anymore. And that's the biggest I think nonscale victory that has come out of this entire thing is my confidence has grown so much that I am able to just sit with the fact that maybe someone doesn't like me and that's okay. I don't need everybody to like me. I don't need everybody to want to be my friend. If I'm by myself, I'm perfectly happy there. I don't need just like people to like give me that validation of the fact that I'm worthy or not. I just don't need it anymore. And before starting GOP on medications, I absolutely needed that validation. Even from like my husband, I don't need the same validation that I needed before. And that's like mindblowing, I think, to both of us in in ways that are just in it's just insane. It really is. and I just don't need as much validation that I did before. That's a huge change. Also, like I just feel like I'm more free to make decisions based off of the best thing for me. For example, like I'm able to like stop and think about what kind of protein I can add in my diet. I'm able to get up in the morning and make a full supplement drink. I'm able to like I'm able to just make these choices and bring in all of these things that are just beneficial to my overall well-being that I wasn't doing 2 years ago. Honestly, I wasn't doing a year ago. A year ago, I was not taking the supplements. I was not adding in the protein. I have been able to slowly add these things in over the last 2 years. And I think that's where we can't compare our journeys. If you are just now starting out on this journey, it's going to be hard for you to compare your journey to mine because there's been so many days where I was right where you were. It was just a long time ago, right? You're going to get to where I am and you're going to be able to make these choices and make these changes and add in the supplements and add in the exercise and you're going to get there and there's no rush. I mean, it's taking me 2 years to get to this point, right? It's it's okay for you to take the time to get where you want to be. You don't need to rush the system. You don't need to beat the system. Just get there on your own time in your own space. And the changes that you are going to see within yourself is going to be like mindblowingly amazing. I promise you're going to love every single step of the journey. Enjoy the process. Enjoy where you're at. Don't try to rush it. Just just live in it. And of course, like it's not all rainbows and butterflies, right? Like I definitely still have things that I struggle with. I struggle with getting enough protein in my day. I struggle with exercising every single day or every single week. I actually haven't exercised at all this week, but last week I exercised every single day. So, it's not like I'm doing these things and showing up for myself every single day. Showing up is still difficult even two years in. There's no perfection, I don't think, ever on a weight loss journey or I guess in life in general. Perfection doesn't exist. What matters is that you show up every single day with the best intentions and do your absolute best. That's all you can do. That's all you can promise yourself. And as long as you've done your absolute best, then you go to bed and you keep your head held up high. If you are on this journey and you are looking for some accountability, if you want to just join a group of women who are on this same exact path, I did just launch Herglow Era, which is a community on Stan where we just show up for each other. We cheer each other on and it's just an it's just a really great accountability group. I am loving being in there. It is really new. I need some people in there who are going to show up every single day, who are going to participate, who are going to introduce yourself and talk about your journeys. Every single Monday, I come out with a weekly drop of journal prompts and mindset shifts for the entire week, Monday through Sunday for you to write down, respond to, and just have handy. It's almost like a free PDF every single Monday that you get to just really put you into the right spirit for the week. And then Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, I drop a particular themed post that you comment underneath and we just get to know each other and be there for each other. Then, of course, it's an open community to where you can ask your questions. You can share your wins. You can just show up and be your authentic true self with other women who are on this journey together. and it is geared towards women on a GOP medication just because that's what I am doing. But if you are on a weight loss journey and not necessarily taking GOP medications, you absolutely can join. So if that's what you need right now, if you are looking for that, go ahead and head down to the description. I would just absolutely love to have you in there. Also, if you are looking at getting started on a GOP1 journey, Amble Teleah Health is there. It is available. They've actually just launched some bulk pricing to make GOP 1's even more affordable than they've ever been. They are the cheapest, most affordable teleaalth provider for GOP1's period. They they're amazing and everything is personalized. You fill out a questionnaire and then the doctor will work with you to figure out which GOP medication you should be on and you will get a personalized treatment plan from them working one-on-one with a doctor. Now is the time if you are ready to get started on this journey. Don't wait. Get set up. Get signed up. Let me know if you have any questions or need any guidance. I am happy to help. And let me know how your journey is going. Let me know how your week was. Did you have a good week? Did you have a bad week? let me know down in the comments because I can't wait to get to know you a little bit better. If you want to learn a little bit more about my journey or my story, go ahead and watch this video where I talk about my entire weight loss journey from day one. And I will see you in my next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrBobbi-B [7 likes]: Thank you so much for sharing this, I am ten weeks in on a GLP-1 and it turns out I am a slow responder, too! But it's working (down 12 lbs. so far). I appreciate your long-term outlook. You're doing great!
  2. @glp1.bestiies [3 likes]: How long have you been on your weight loss journey? Drop your stats down below, let's cheer each other on! :face-red-heart-shape:
  3. @lisa9195 [3 likes]: A year April 19th. Down 56 pounds. Mounjaro type 2 diabetes. My goal was 150 I’m at 145 so new goal 140!
  4. @NoneOfYourBidnezz [2 likes]: What is your current dose?🤷🏻‍♀️
  5. @Chanelzway [2 likes]: I’ve been on a GLP1 for 2.5 years. I lost 90lbs. Absolutely love my experience. I’m also sharing it on my channel ❤ subscribed & congratulations
  6. @EricaRaglin [2 likes]: Almost 6 months on  Down almost 38 pounds….62 to go🎉
  7. @jerimichel1 [2 likes]: Congratulations on your journey 🎉! I'm 21 weeks in. I've lost 38 lbs. Stay the course.
  8. @NoneOfYourBidnezz [1 likes]: Regardless, you look amazing!!🤩👍🏽
  9. @seassab1 [1 likes]: omg. my highest weight is also 277 o.o
  10. @MarketPeak-d6c [1 likes]: Wow, I learned so much about you and your entire life story, but nothing about GLP 1s. Take this nonsense video down kid 😭
  11. @Lifewithsheenag [1 likes]: Yesss! Hitting my 2-year mark 11/1, slow responder here but 60 lbs down and no more knee pain. Love how you emphasized patience, that’s my message too!
  12. @lessie4883 [1 likes]: I just started last week but the way you explained dosing up makes sense. I pray i can lose a significant amount of weight before dosing up
  13. @journeyoflife8229 [1 likes]: You should watch Dr tyna
  14. @denaeb5897 [1 likes]: Why cant you start working out and eating well now while on the medications?whats stopping you??
  15. @Sunshinecrochetcreations [1 likes]: I’m too scared to share I hvnt told anyone but 2 people at work. My husband doesn’t even I feel like my family wouldn’t understand
  16. @es7140 [1 likes]: I think I have to be on it always because o was similar to you, I had no full feeling, it’s very very nice to feel full and not want to eat everything all the time.
  17. @losingitgrace [1 likes]: In two weeks I'm going to 5mg and I'm terrified of side effects 😥
  18. @therealsongstress [1 likes]: You playin…. Don’t be scared go up the dose you’re gonna love it
  19. @krickenthekraken8844: Just did my seventh injection today. All this time, I’ve only lost 2 pounds. Very frustrating! And I’m doing all the things. Counting calories, low-carb, strength training for 45 minutes twice a week. I went from 2.5 mg for the first month to 5 mg. And this was my third 5 mg dose. So I guess I should do one more 5 mg before thinking about titrating to 7.5. Had anyone else ever been as slow as me?
  20. @therealsongstress: Just go up lose the weight the. Quit

- My Horrific Experience with Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en hey kids back at it again with another serious video I'm just kidding it's not going to be that serious but I do want to talk so if you consume content of any form whether you're an avid YouTube Watcher a Tik Tok scroller an older gentleman watching the Powerball in the news uh chances are you've probably heard about a new diabetes medication that is literally sweeping the nation and it is called OIC oh oh oh by defin OIC is an anti-diabetic medication used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and an anti-obesity medication used for long-term weight management the active ingredient is something called semaglutide some people say semaglutide but in my opinion they put the empasis on the wrong cabable and there are several brands that make their own version of the drug and they all contain that important ingredient simul glutide so there's OIC which seems to be the most popular there is wovi there is one called r BSIS I think and then there's also this other one taking over called mojarro which has something else it has some other stuff so it's a little different but similar so just some quick background information skip ahead if you want I totally understand there are a heck ton of celebrities who are rumored keyword rumored to be on this drug currently Kim Kardashian Adele Mindy Kaling Rebel Wilson Elon Musk although he may have admitted to taking it I can't remember basically any celebr that you have seen suddenly become skinny within the last year or two the rumors are that they are taking this drug I think it's kind of weird to like publicly state that somebody is on a drug even if you say that you're not sure because it definitely sways public opinion and you can't possibly know for sure who's taking it so that's a little weird but here we are it's actually insane I've never seen anything like this drug in my lifetime personally you know it used to be my entire life walking through the checkout lane of the grocery store reading People magazine covers it was always about celebrity breakups and their love lives and Scandals Etc and now it's all about whether or not certain celebrities are taking OIC many people many many people label this drug as an absolute Miracle a life-saving drug both for people with diabetes and those without who just you know struggle with obesity it was created for diabetics but has now evolved to where everybody and their almond mom who wants to lose 3 lbs uh are taking it it is so popular in fact and sweeping the nation so sweepy that there is now a shortage of the medication meaning the diabetic patients for whom it was originally created are struggling to get it because labs are running out of it I guess they can't keep up with the demand and while the intro of this video may come across as though I'm judging people who are taking it or that I'm like opposed to this drug I'm not at all as you probably have noticed by the title I took it to for 17 weeks is it was like November 28th of last last year to March 21st of this year I think I could be slightly off with the dates but I think March 21st was my last injection and now that it's been a couple months and I've been off the drug I feel very strongly that I want to talk to you guys about this I debated it heavily but I feel like this could be helpful to some people because you know have you ever been in like a super toxic relationship whether it was a friendship a romantic relationship or you had like a super toxic family member and you couldn't see how toxic and dysfunctional the relationship was until you created distance like you had to get away from that person for more than a few weeks to realize oh my gosh he was a literal abusive lunatic you know that is how I feel about OIC my personal experience and I feel like we should chat about it today after a quick word from today's sponsor have you ever thought about like what your signature style is I'm sure you have everybody has their style you know maybe you're emo maybe you're goth maybe you look like you're straight out of a Pinterest board maybe you're '90s grunge maybe maybe maybe you're more of like Lumberjack meets David Bowie we all have a signature style but do you have a signature scent something we don't think about very often right we all need our signature scent we all want to have that scent that when our friends and loved ones smell when they're not around us they say hey that smells just like my Aunt chrysanthemum hey is Uncle Billy nearby I I smell cousin Trish hide the live left love signs you know what I mean I really want you all to have your signature sent and right now it's easier than ever with today's sponsor s bird freaking gosh this smells good so s bird is actually a fragrance subscription service so you get a new fragrance in the mail every month and their mission is to empower all of you to express yourselves through scent you get to choose a new designer fragrance every month for just $17 they have perfumes colog unisex options Indie Brands designer Brands literally everything you want but let me just tell you what I got this month as usual it's impossible to choose my favorite I think this is my favorite this is by Floral Street and it is called sunflower pop friends if you want to smell like the summerest summer girl poor boy this is going to be your new best friend it's a blend of fresh Mandarin burst of sustainably sourced calarian bergal and a pop of balini Accord also got not your girl by deck of scarlet deck of scarlet perfumes are always 10 out of 10 this is a little bit more sophisticated more sensual rum Jasmine cardamom pachuli delicious and we also got L by sicy this one smells expensive the new packaging is so Stellar you just give it one little turn to spray open it right up to remove or replace the vial and they look so beautiful in your purse you get a full 30-day Supply so you can really try out a scent before committing to you know a $500 fulls sizee bottle so if you are interested in finding your signature scent in the easiest way possible and you want to try simper you can use my code Jamie french2 ats.com which will save you 55% off your first month at simper F it's a new code Jamie French 2 be sure to spell my first name right so you can make sure you get your 55% off at se.com thank you so much to Seer for continuously supporting my channel sponsoring a portion of today's video and now back to the show hey kids we're back I'm so tempted to start everything off with my long boring drawn out backstory of disordered eating and dieting and Trauma and everything that led me toar I am today but perhaps another time I'm more concerned right now about warning you is some of like the physical and mental side effects of this drug and I don't want to keep you here for 6 hours so as I said I started OIC or the a generic form of OIC in November of last year because surprise surprise I wanted to lose body fat I know that there is an entire community of people on Tik Tok who will label me as fat phobic for that for wanting to lose body fat and you go right ahead and call me that you make the rules actively not wanting to be fat is indeed fat phobic very quick history lesson of why I wanted to try this drug like most overweight people I have always struggled to lose body fat uh calorie deficits literally don't work for me at least not longterm sometimes they briefly work but then they stop I work out often my patrons who see my Vlogs or even if you've just been around long enough to remember when I used to Vlog on this channel you guys know I work out nothing makes a measurable difference yeah y yada well this seemed like a very promising solution but yet I was absolutely opposed to trying it just because I've done this so many times throughout the last 33 years where some miracle comes along and I'm visibly seeing people that I know lose weight and have success with it and I get my hopes up and I'm like hey that's going to work for me and of course it doesn't so I I'm kind of at the age now where I'm like I'm not doing that anymore but this one got me but I was also opposed because of hearing about the side effects number one that you are not supposed to take it if you have a history of thyroid cancer which I do but I believe it's a different type so that one is like papillary and mine was medular or maybe it's maybe it's vice versa papillary I had a papillary carcinoma yeah so this drug causes could potentially cause a meary thyroid tumor that freaked me out but my doctor was ultimately the one who kind of not convinced me but made me relax about it a little bit she felt like because I also have a condition called PCOS which causes blood sugar and Insulin problems and can eventually lead to diabetes she felt like semaglutide could help me she also has like at the time it was only 20 other patients on it who knows how many of her patients are taking it now all of her patients were shedding body fat like crazy and doing great and finding success with no side effects and she really seemed to think it would be fine and she has you know firsthand seen like the emotional struggle that I go through trying to get my weight off so she was optimistic I also got some I would say light or minimal pressure from family members not anything super toxic but it was more like same thing they see me struggling day in and day out and it was kind of like hey maybe maybe this would help you so I gave in my doctor found a compounding pharmacy that made their own version of the drug they basically took the active ingredients semaglutide added B12 which also helps you lose weight helps your mood Etc I was already getting shots of B12 so I'm like okay sure let's try it side note I do not believe per se that my generic version of the drug is the reason that it didn't work for me because like I said all of my doctors other patients are doing great and that it all came from this compounding pharmacy also I found several doctors on social media who also promoted the generic form the the active ingredient is the important thing of semaglutide so I got my first injection and immediately I got some very serious trigger warning side effects in the form of diarrhea Fu away now I have suffered from a condition called lymphocytic colitis for like 12 years I would say maybe longer I don't even know at this point so I am no stranger to that but my colitis had actually been in remission since like late 2020 is around the time where I healed my GBL the kitis also went into remission around that time so to be in remission with kitis for almost 3 years only to be hit with a literal poop storm the day after starting this drug I was pretty confident that that I knew it was the drug causing it and may I just say if any of you have Colitis or Crohn's or anything like that you know the absolute agony meaning pain that it physically causes in your intestines well buy or beware because that pain has nothing on o zic I mean I spent years every time I went to the bathroom when like colitis was at my worst just hunched over in agony moaning in pain like salivating always about to throw up from pain I did not ever imagine it could get worse than that and on OIC it was worse but worse than that even Not only was the pain much worse like I said which I didn't think was even possible but I was also suddenly unable to always control my self uh meaning on more than one occasion I pooped my literal pants it's funny but it's not funny you know what I mean in my shorts mind you all friends okay this was the bare minimum dose this is is like the tiny little dose that you start off with before you work work up to the therapeutic dose so I believe I was on 025 at this time and this was the reaction I had to the smallest dose possible I keep thinking about ambern Reed she gets ripped apart on social media I mean 24 hours a day somebody's making a video about her I happened to catch some of her content when she was on OIC and it was giving her stomach problems and gallbladder problems and people didn't believe her and we like oh you're just using that as an excuse to go off of it I believe it was no joke now my doctor was closely monitoring me she wasn't exactly sure there's no real way to be sure that it was the OIC I mean it seemed like it was but you never know and not one of her other patients were having this side effect so she was like I I don't know why it would be causing you so many issues and I do have a history with colitis like I said so she thought there was a chance it could be a coincidence and I had the same thoughts like I thought it was the drug but then I was like well maybe it's not I don't know because I was really really enjoying the other good side effects if you will of the drug first and foremost the reduction in my appetite man I miss that part so much I'm sorry if that's triggering to you hopefully the disclaimer at the beginning filtered anybody out that can't hear things like that but I have been a pretty consistent 1,700 to 18800 calorie Queen for a good while now but it's still always a mental struggle like if I really let myself do whatever I wanted I would probably eat like 2500 calories a day I'm hungry okay or sometimes not hungry enough like sometimes even meeting the the you could you do you know 1,800 or whatever 1700 is a struggle cuz some days we all have those days where we just don't feel like it so either way it was a mental struggle but OIC gave me this Quiet Mind where I literally never thought about my calorie intake again I want to stress I don't have the best and most balanced habits when it comes to food so I don't want you to take any of my advice but again what I liked was the quiet I felt very comfortable at like 14,500 calories I always track everything in my little n app like just because I like to know it's just a habit that I formed but I didn't have that food anxiety that I've had most of my life where it's like did I eat enough did I eat too much should I eat in 2 hours should I not oops my stomach growled like oh my gosh I didn't get ahead of my Hunger you know what I mean like I just all of that was gone my mind was quiet it was incredible and it happened pretty quickly because of the appetite suppressing nature of the drug so at this point I was still staying positive um I was also sleeping really good like literally within the first dose I remember laying down for bed that night and waking up in the exact same position which is probably because it helps stabilize your blood sugar who knows but the good parts were good enough for me to deal with the dissenter so now by this point I am down the OIC rabbit hole on Tik Tok and I'm watching all of these women's fat cells just melt away melting off they're sleeping better too I saw a lot of girls say like oh I sleep so much better some of them had side effects too but I kept hearing this recurring thing which is the side effects will go away as your body adapts to the drug well guys spoiler alert mine didn't I stayed on that dose for 5 weeks the plan was to stay on that dose for four but we gave it an extra week cuz I was afraid to move up and dose because of the horrible side effects so five weeks on 0.25 and then when it was time to bump up to 0.5 we started doing the injection in my arm instead of my abdomen because I I heard a lot of people on social media say that the side effects were much more tolerable in the arm and actually that worked for like 2 weeks at least I think it did it's kind of hard in hindsight now because I know I was guzzling Pepto-Bismol and taking em modium like they were candy but at least it seemed like it was it was making a difference so then my doctor asked how I would feel about switching to a more concentrated formula meaning exact same drug exact same formula just a little bit more concentrated in my mind that means less water but I don't actually know cuz I'm not a scientist the advantage of that would be you could inject the same dose with a smaller amount of fluid instead of like injecting a vial this big and it is more cost effective because your vial lasts longer etc etc and I said sure and I said sure I said sure and as soon as we switched to the more concentrated formula mind you we kept the same dose equivalent so whatever the equivalent of5 mg was in this concentrated formula that's what we did and as soon as I switched to the concentrated formula the diarrhea came back full force with a Vengeance as well as a new symptom gallbladder pain uh if you've been around for a while you know my heinous experience with gallbladder disease you know how big the struggle was to heal my gallbladder this was apart from the thyroid cancer this was actually like my biggest concern there were a few reports of pancreatitis and gallbladder issues when they did the clinical trials for this drug and with my history I was very very afraid of this but again and I just kept holding out hope that my body would adjust and my doctor said that it the drug delays gastric emptying so food stays in your stomach longer than it normally would and so that could cause your uh gallbladder to squeeze more often than normal and I was like okay yeah then it just needs to adjust to the new normal I started my milk thistle again bumped up my selenium my Dr BG gallblader supplements continued my healthy diet continued my exercise I'm like it's fine it'll pass it's fine I've dealt with this before now this is probably early January is okay so six weeks is in and to add a beautiful layer of frosting to this poop cake I had not lost in 6 weeks one single ounce even with the significant reduction in my appetite the stabilization of my blood sugar and the basically having dissenter I would think the diarrhea alone would uh make somebody lose an ounce but not me but like I said I've been down this road a million times it's been a struggle my whole life I was like it's going to work I'm not on the therapeutic dose yet all of these people in my family yes I have multiple people in my family who were on this drug who were at like 20 lb off by the 6 week Mark all these people on Tik Tok who had lost 20 and 30 lbs by the 6 week Mark they are all unicorns and I knew it would be harder for me because of my thyroid problems my PCOS and my uh daddy issues so still staying positive at this point end of January it was time to bump it up to 75 and in hindsight I see now that that is when the anxiety started the good sleep I was getting in the beginning instantly vanished like that night and it was replaced by my normal insomnia but 800 times worse my Apple watch my Apple I wish I had it sitting here it would tell me like you got 3 hours of sleep last night are you alive are you okay my heart rate would constantly Spike throughout the night and it was all anxiety I would be dead asleep and just wake up gasping from impend in Doom and again this is hindsight I didn't really attribute this to the drug I've always had anxiety I've always had depression I've always struggled with sleep and I was like oh it's just kind of coming back a lot worse for some reason the injections were just part of my life at this point and I had to many other things to worry about you know paying my employees getting my content out on time write shoot edit repeat going to my meanings being a wife being an aunt living my normal life you know what I mean I don't got time to investigate stuff by this point the stomach pain like the gallbladder pain was getting a little worse and a little more frequent I was having that signature pain that I would know anywhere a couple people were like maybe it's not your gallbladder oh no a mother knows and I am my gallbladder mother it was starting to become after eating or drinking anything sometimes even water and I just kept Trucking I loved the reduction in appetite I loved the you know not thinking about eating at all and I also loved that I was not gaining anything any of you who have PCOS you know that if you live just like a normal Balanced Life and kind of eat healthy and balanced and kind of like what other people around you were eating if you just live a normal life you will gain by the day so on OIC when it came to food only when it came to food I felt like I could relax a little bit mentally and that in my mind was counterbalancing like the crippling anxiety that it caused in every other aspect of life hindsight man it's it's 20 it's better than 2020 hindsight is 2010 I see it all so clearly now so week after week passed still no appetite still no relief from the diarrhea still no relief from the stomach pain and still no weight loss zero goose egg there were even times where I would chat with my doctor's other patients like if we were in the waiting room or I think there was one time where like I came to get my injection as one girl was leaving and they were always like woohoo down 30 lb week 12 and I'm over here like just waiting on my first ounce it's coming I know it's com it so it was finally time to do the therapeutic dose of 1 milligram and at this point the stomach pain was kind of getting unbearable like first it was at certain meals then it was eating or drinking anything at this point it was upon waking as soon as I would get up and move my body at all I would have gallbladder pain which is exactly what happened to me a few years ago meaning something was inflaming and irritating it so I made a separate doctor's appointment like not related to the OIC at all my gut said it was like real deep down but I I could couldn't access those thoughts my my thoughts were up here because I was just distracted and blinded by the desire for weight loss again I'm not a very balanced person I don't want you to take my advice so she ordered some tests at this appointment I feel like we went over blood work it's hard for me to remember every detail but this was when she told me that I needed to cut out Dairy and she is not the first doctor to have told me this I had testing done several years ago with a functional medicine doctor who literally tested my poop and it came back that I had a reaction to every single component of dairy like the Whey the casine the lactose and whatever the other one is and I was like all right say no more I should have listened before I'm an adult now I went dairyfree full-blown dairyfree still am and I'm like this is it okay this was the Magic Bullet this was The Missing Link this is where the magic happens and like I said this was right at the time where I finally bumped up to the therapeutic dose of siml glutide which is 1 milligram and lo and behold I finally lost my first 3 lb and isn't it funny that I attributed that to the drug and not the massive change to my diet meaning cutting out Dairy anything good that happened at all I'm like it's OIC it's OIC yeah anything bad that happened I'm like it's anything other than o so while simultaneously feeling very excited over the first three lounds I had lost in I don't know 2 years the pain in my stomach reached unbearable levels I couldn't wear leggings I had to walk around with my leggings like below my butt all the time and my husband was always like this happening you 3 years ago I was afraid to go to certain functions meetings with my congregation family events Nicks concerts Etc literally because I was afraid of pooping my pants stop pooping could not sleep to save my life it's actually kind of amazing to me that I maintained my upload schedule and made most of my sponsor deadlines over the last few months the will to pay my employees is just trumps trumped everything at the same time though I'm a high functioning depressive person I show up I put a smile on my face you can't really see the endless laps around the anxiety pool that I'm taking in my mind so I just I just kept truing but then the camel's back finally broke yeah there was a straw and it broke it I ate some turkey jerky at the studio it was like a late night upload day where I just was hungry and grabbed whatever was there and I had a fullblown gallb attack like I'm talking the kind I used to have 3 years ago when I was at my sickest before I healed my gallblader but the funniest part of the story is that that straw actually didn't break my back I wasn't the camel it broke my doctor's I went in for my injection and she kind of looked at me and was like are you okay how are you feeling I said bad and I see now again in hindsight that probably the last like five times I saw her when I went in for my injection I was like just so forlorn and down and lethargic and unenergetic basically dying but I'm like I still need my injection normally we would do the injections in this one sort of common area of her office and at this time she took me back into her exam room where like none of the other staff was and she was like hey you don't feel good your anxiety is really high you're not sleeping you're having stomach issues and you're not losing weight let's try this let's take a break from the semaglutide for at least a few weeks and if if your symptoms resolve then we will know for sure that it was the drug and it wasn't just a coincidence and I was so embarrassed but I had no control and I just bald in her office cuz it was the moment I had to admit what I knew all along which is that this drug while it seems to work for every other person on the planet it didn't work for me and of course I know that that's um that's not the case that's like dramatic thinking but that's how it felt you know when you're going through something it wasn't just that it wasn't working for me it was physically and mentally harming me so I even asked her I was like wait wait wait it just started to work I think I was down even like 4 lbs at that point ooh in 17 weeks and her response was I think it's entirely possible that that 4 lb loss is probably something that you are doing and it probably would have occurred anyway you know the cutting out the dairy if I feel like if you cut out Dairy it automatically kind of changes you a little bit like if you have a food allergy you retain a little bit of water you can have some weight loss resistance you have a little bit more inflammation so I think it was probably probably that I don't know looking back I think maybe it was both I still think the drug could have been helping me a little bit but obviously the bad outweighed the good you know so I was like all right fine I agreed I called Nick on the way home and I told I I was still so confident that I would I would be able to start taking the drug again I'm like she just want I think these were all coincidence she you know is not comfortable with how it's affecting me but I think I'll probably switch to like mojarro or something after I even text my doctor the following Monday I actually think I still have the text and I was like I changed my mind I I don't want to go off it I already gained 4 lbs back can I have that drug back that was literally killing me you know this is this is why I'm not a good role model role model yes role model no anyway about 2 weeks after my last injection the diarrhea started to resolve it is now fully resolved thank you the stomach pains lingered a little while longer but they are completely gone now I'm sleeping better the struggle it's still struggle sleep will be a struggle for me probably indefinitely but it's so much better than it was I could make a video in and of itself about OIC anxiety there's so much to unpack and guys this actually doesn't even cover all of the random little symptoms I was having that I wasn't realizing was the drug the general feeling of being unwell and inflamed waking up sore and feeling instantly older like that happened and I just again kind of was like like maybe it's the drug and I was like nah it's not I would wake up in the middle of the night with horrible pain in both elbows and every single time I would be like oh I was sleeping weird random bouts of dizziness like weekly serious bouts of dizziness where I was like oh I guess I'm a little dehydrated today yeah maybe yeah maybe you're a little dehydrated a little bit you know cuz all the water in your body is exiting via your colon was frozen peas on there just random side effects that I wasn't even aware of and there's even more side effects that I didn't even experience because I didn't experience any significant weight loss so there's a huge thing going around the internet now called OIC face that I keep seeing Dodge the bullet there I suppose I don't know and again I know that this video is probably going to come across that I am anti- OIC or that I'm shaming the drug or those who take it it's truly and honestly not my intention I feel like if the drug works for you and you don't have uh side effects like this you know who you are and none of this would apply to you it really seems like this is a miracle drug for certain people people my goal here is to a empathize with anybody else that it didn't work for and to let you know that you're not alone because the disappointment level the disappointment level that this drug did not work is next level bad so I empathize but I also want to warn some of you who are considering the drug like maybe you're on the fence like I was and I'm not seeing a ton of people talking about the fact that it may not all be sunshine and roses for you personally My ultimate advice I guess if you are someone who ends up trying this drug is to trust your gut and no you know deep down if you didn't have a symptom before and it arose after you started the drug don't let don't be blinded by emotions you know think with your frontal lobe and not your emotions don't be like me don't poop your pants stop po all right I feel like that was very long-winded appreciate you hearing me out uh if you suck around I feel kind of good getting all that out it was been very very bottled up inside here very curious if any of you have similar exper or I'm curious about all of your experiences with OIC if you're comfortable let me know in the comments down below I'll be hanging out in the VIP lounge meaning the comment section to talk about it thanks again for listening I love you friends stay safe and stay hydrated and thank you again sber for sponsoring today's video don't forget use my code Jamie French 2 a check out to say 55% off your first first order and I'll see you next time [Music] my colitis has actually been my colitis had actually been my colitis also went and the colitis why am I saying my it's my client

  Top Comments:
  1. @ForgottenShinobi11 [1 likes]: Im sry but from what you are telling everything seems to be a you problem you where already completelly fucked up on the inside, and im not saying in a bad way or anything it's just what i get from the stories youve told.
  2. @Idkbutidk-u2t: she seems nice but the way she moves her lips only when talking strange
  3. @Liz-o8t: NFN - you were not a candidate for taking this drug.  Tyroid issues ?   Intestinal issues yet a DR. put you on it ?????
  4. @midwestvoice5583: Same with my mom. She took it and she lost weight but then it stopped and she didn't feel good at all so she stop taking it and then she felt really good and now she is ok. and its not like she didn't want to take it, she had diabetes. So there is something wrong with it.
  5. @shandarsugar55: You poor thing...cancer, gallbladder issues (why havent they removed it?) Thyroid issues, aniexty waking up gasping....dang girl , ya need a hug?
  6. @kenlau457: The secret to weight loss remains eating a little less and moving a little more.☹️ No such thing as a miracle drug.
  7. @dennycochran5323: The first 3 months I was on Zepbound was horrible! 😞
  8. @achi4u: So you go got all kinds of health issues before you’re even started taking the shots not a very good review, subject then
  9. @loriholcombe696: F fat phobia. I think people are just using weight and size to judge and belittle people,  in yet another way. I'm not going along. Don't like my body? Turn the other way and don't look at it. It's really none of your business. I've gone from (as a teenager) people telling me to eat something because I was thin. I ate like a man, just had good metabolism. To now, at 62, people mentioning maybe I should try a glp. You can't win. Unless you are a very disciplined person about food and exercising and know what you're doing, nutrition wise, you're going to be under/over. Part of life. Get bigger problems. People are battling cancer and losing. Perspective is everything.
  10. @loriholcombe696: I'm in the anxiety pool with you, Jaime. Depression too. Don't need more problems. Thanks
  11. @loriholcombe696: My friends husband took it and got pancreatitis
  12. @femalehuman7074: I am shocked that with all of the health conditions that you had underlying ESPECIALLY gallbladder disease, that your doctor would have allowed you to do this medication! Of course thatwould make your side effects horrible ! It literally asked you on the questionnaire if you have any of those kinds of conditions to determine if it's a good medication for you.
  13. @HadesBadMood: So, I always listen to your videos when I'm driving or working around the house but I wanted to comment on this one for a few reasons.

I gain and lose weight very easily. But I also struggle with severe depression and anxiety so eating right and going to the gym sometimes just feels like too much. I thought maybe Ozempic would be the answer. My boyfriend takes it and has tons left over. I was going to just start using his.

But in your video you talked about people with a family history of thyroid issues could result in cancer when using Ozempic. I never met my dad. Have no idea who he or his family was. So, there might be a history of that in my paternal side and I'm not aware of it. 

Also, I already have panic attack disorder. Anything that could potentially make that worse is definitely something I have to be careful about. I still want to try Ozempic. But instead of just using my boyfriend's, I'm going to go through a doctor to do it. I know that's like, a no duh thing to do but I'm so impulsive and kinda an idiot and I was gonna take my boyfriend's anyway. After this video, I realize just how dangerous that could be and will use a qualified doctor to explore Ozempic. So I don't ⚰️ and stuff. 😃

I listened to this as I drove home. I caught myself nodding, as if a friend was talking to me. You are able to connect that deeply and in a very real way and I believe your authenticity and genuine self are felt through the screen. That is a RARE talent. I can't think of any other creator that I feel that connected to without knowing them. That is a gift. I am so proud of you for using your gifts to make us laugh, ponder, consider, and even help us as times. That's a beautiful thing.

Thank you so much for the information in this video and I am truly sorry Ozempic did not give you the results you hoped for. Thank you for sharing this with us and connecting with us. I hope I can see you live someday. I would love to meet you. I don't generally categorize people as good or bad because we all have both. But in using your spiritual gifts and your talents, you really do make a difference. And there are very few creators who have that ability. So, thank you for being you. ❤️

~Jessica
  14. @mbo7625: I did tirzepatide for 10 months and lost 9 lbs. I finally gave up 😅
  15. @RebeccaGriffin-u1t: I am 39, diagnosed with MS 15 years ago and (at the expense of TMI) since about age 33, I will involuntarly loose control of my bladder and colon during sex.
  16. @Cisconotthesinger: 22:06 it’s ozempic it’s ozempic yaa. Was too funny lol
  17. @Lionheartwolf: If I was your doctor I would have been suspicious of your diet at the time. It could have been your medication, but all your signs and symptoms also point to an overconsumption of Starbucks drinks. Anxiety, diarrhea, hidden calories, spikes in heartrate all bundled into a liquid diet via sugary caffinated beverages. 

I'm not saying that is the answer, I don't know what you were actually consuming, but between being a magical outlier with symptoms no other patients have, and a very likely and predictable theory, I would have started with the latter.
  18. @danielaorta9179: I also had a bad experience with it. Not as bad as yours, but there were many negative side effects. The day I started bleeding from the bowel area is the day I stopped. I never made it past the intro dosage, I was on it for about 6 weeks.
  19. @Blessedpb: So sorry that the new "miracle" drug didnt work for you.  How discouraging.  I've not had the serious health issues you've suffered but chronic fatigue/fibro and generally feeling awful for the last 4 decades and now at 76y I've ordered oral Tirzepatide and it is sitting unopened in a drawer as I'm like "what am I thinking".  Anyway, I have heavy osteoarthritis pain and it is supposed to really help so....I'm still researching.  It is very low dose so I can stop it if I have side effects.    Your video was very good and you are very easy and funny to listen to and pretty as a kitten.  Hopefully, research will come up with a less toxic med that you'll be able to tolerate. p
  20. @bethg8241: I ended up calling 911 after my first dose. Vomiting and a severe headache. I could hardly move. I called from my bathroom. My head was on fire. The emts took my blood pressure. It was 240/1?? I’m a normal blood pressure always. My eyes were bright red. I was shaking uncontrollably (like after I gave birth) 
I thought I was dying. The ER doctor said not to take it anymore. It’s kind of frustrating because I can’t find anywhere where someone’s blood pressure rose  so high and the headache the thunderclap headache! 
It’s position to some people.

- What Taking Ozempic for Two Months ACTUALLY Looks Like (This Gets VERY Real…): Kind: captions Language: en last time on the ozepik Diaries okay it's&nbsp; day one was epic it's Tuesday May 9th&nbsp;&nbsp; very small needle so week two second dose&nbsp; I'm at .25 milligrams I actually have to&nbsp;&nbsp; say that my appetite was small today&nbsp; in its day two after my second ozempic&nbsp;&nbsp; injection and I've had two coffees so&nbsp; far because I've been up since 4 30 I&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't been able to sleep and I have&nbsp; had diarrhea four times already today&nbsp;&nbsp; um so I feel like I'm bouncing back physically&nbsp; but I have been so hungry so this is really not&nbsp;&nbsp; curved my appetite at this dose hey everyone I'm&nbsp; Abby sharp welcome back to Abby's kitchen [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; today we're going to be catching back up with&nbsp; my friend Ginger on month two of her ozempic&nbsp;&nbsp; journey talking everything from side effects to&nbsp; stigma to success a quick disclaimer that this&nbsp;&nbsp; video may include numbers calories and Extreme&nbsp; Weight Loss discussions so please feel free to&nbsp;&nbsp; skip this video if it's not supportive to your&nbsp; journey also please note that the individual in&nbsp;&nbsp; the series is not my client so any suggestions&nbsp; are for general knowledge only not specifically&nbsp;&nbsp; directed at her everyone's needs are going to&nbsp; be unique and should be discussed one-on-one&nbsp;&nbsp; with your health care provider so to catch us up&nbsp; here Ginger did a month of 0.25 milligrams now&nbsp;&nbsp; she's on point five and is just about to do the&nbsp; one milligram dose so before we bring on Ginger&nbsp;&nbsp; let's take a look at some of her Diaries you&nbsp; know similarly to my journey on the 0.25 the&nbsp;&nbsp; when I started 0.5 the first weeks was was okay&nbsp; um the second week was miserable with explosive&nbsp;&nbsp; diarrhea case in point I was playing tennis one&nbsp; night and I couldn't even lift my arms it was&nbsp;&nbsp; so bad I I had to bolt because I was gonna poop&nbsp; my pants I have paid myself more times than I am&nbsp;&nbsp; proud of hashtag childbirth but again I would say&nbsp; this is pretty much to be expected anytime we're&nbsp;&nbsp; titrating up we're gonna experience more of those&nbsp; side effects if you're experiencing medication&nbsp;&nbsp; related diarrhea I want to share a quick little&nbsp; few tips here so first of all lots and lots of&nbsp;&nbsp; water and in some cases you might want to consider&nbsp; an electrolyte supplement as well two you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on low-fat low fiber starchy binding Foods&nbsp; so things like rice soda crackers bread and unripe&nbsp;&nbsp; bananas also pretty important to avoid or limit&nbsp; stimulants like coffee though obviously I get as a&nbsp;&nbsp; fellow coffee addict this is easier said than done&nbsp; okay Abby I'm upping my water intake just for you I know I'm not drinking enough thank you&nbsp; Ginger amazing uh if you take anything away&nbsp;&nbsp; from this video right here it's that if you're&nbsp; experiencing diarrhea or nausea or both water's&nbsp;&nbsp; your best friend like all those zenfic pamphlets&nbsp; that I've read are like drink lots of fluid so&nbsp;&nbsp; Ginger that's got to be your focus for this week&nbsp; and like every other week in this journey I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like I have some like built-in support like it's&nbsp; like my raw raw support system this drug like&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not allowing me to over indulge and I'm&nbsp; very grateful for that I would rather go slow&nbsp;&nbsp; um you know I had a little bit of Chinese&nbsp; food this weekend and so that didn't really&nbsp;&nbsp; sit really well in my stomach so note&nbsp; to self we should all know this fried&nbsp;&nbsp; food when you're on a Zen pick and have your&nbsp; gallbladder removed uh it could not go so well&nbsp;&nbsp; um so lesson learned uh and I gotta up my water&nbsp; I know that so this is all gonna be a process of&nbsp;&nbsp; relearning what feels good to your body and&nbsp; this is also a transition period where the&nbsp;&nbsp; side effects are typically going to be the highest&nbsp; so it's not like Ginger's never going to be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to have Chinese food again without feeling sick&nbsp; but once she gets to her active dose she's gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; probably have to learn through trial and error and&nbsp; collecting data what kind of foods feel best and&nbsp;&nbsp; also how much of them and when you've struggled&nbsp; with not being able to trust your own intuition&nbsp;&nbsp; for so long it might actually take a lot of time&nbsp; time to like rework that muscle so Ginger try to&nbsp;&nbsp; be kind with yourself this is definitely going to&nbsp; be a journey so I've had a bit of a crazy weekend&nbsp;&nbsp; with lots of friends in town lots of drinking&nbsp; lots of eating and I almost forgot to give myself&nbsp;&nbsp; my shot it's my last dose of the 0.5 next week&nbsp; I'll be up at the one milligram I'm down five&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds officially it's a little less than one&nbsp; pound a week it has allowed me to not overeat&nbsp;&nbsp; I am getting a little bit of um indigestion&nbsp; and of course the diarrhea is still there but&nbsp;&nbsp; overall like I'm shocked but I have definitely&nbsp; lost at least an inch everywhere which is in&nbsp;&nbsp; my opinion really awesome two and a half inches&nbsp; in the waist actually and two inches in the hips okay so this is amazing right and I get the sense&nbsp; that ginger might be a little bit disappointed&nbsp;&nbsp; that she hasn't lost more weight and surprised&nbsp; that she's lost inches instead but this is&nbsp;&nbsp; actually generally a good thing because it means&nbsp; that our body composition is changing favorably&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's really the fat loss and not the weight or&nbsp; BMI that matters when it comes to good health that&nbsp;&nbsp; said it's highly unlikely that we would gain&nbsp; significant amounts of muscle mass in just a&nbsp;&nbsp; few weeks when we're just doing our usual modern&nbsp; exercise the more likely reason in this scenario&nbsp;&nbsp; for the inch loss but less like weight loss is&nbsp; basically just fluid shifts from the diarrhea&nbsp;&nbsp; and the hormone shifts either from the insulin&nbsp; suppression or maybe menstruation or both that&nbsp;&nbsp; said I think this is a perfect pace for safe and&nbsp; sustainable weight loss I mean the biggest risk&nbsp;&nbsp; that we see with rapid weight loss on ozempic&nbsp; is muscle loss like it can be up to 39 muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; which ultimately we don't want so I know that&nbsp; gingers can be moving up to the one milligram&nbsp;&nbsp; so the weight loss Pace might actually pick&nbsp; up a little bit and if it does we definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; want to focus really intently on having small&nbsp; frequent protein-rich meals to support muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; protein synthesis and to help curb some of those&nbsp; side effects all right guys let's bring on Ginger&nbsp;&nbsp; hi good morning good to see you good&nbsp; to see you uh first things first okay&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee yeah yeah cheers but where's&nbsp; your water where's your water girl&nbsp;&nbsp; oh I'm gonna be on you where's&nbsp; your water I know I know I mean I know I can't talk I should also be&nbsp; having my water but I am asking because I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking in my head I'm thirsty I should probably&nbsp; grab my water I've started this new thing where&nbsp;&nbsp; not unlike with alcohol um I try to have a sip&nbsp; of water between sips of coffee to keep myself&nbsp;&nbsp; hydrated smart so girl you gotta get in on that so&nbsp; how is the water thing going because I know that&nbsp;&nbsp; has been a challenge for you that's the biggest&nbsp; struggle say that's probably one of the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; struggles and probably feeding into some of&nbsp; the you know the other issues that I've had&nbsp;&nbsp; um in terms of the weight not&nbsp; coming off as fast as I would hope&nbsp;&nbsp; um but yes I know I have to up the water intake&nbsp; especially because I'm working out all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm just I know I'm not drinking enough&nbsp; water totally and so I want to give you some&nbsp;&nbsp; little quick tips I don't know if you're doing&nbsp; anything like this but there are lots of little&nbsp;&nbsp; great ways to help you encourage yourself to&nbsp; drink more one the moment you just gotta make&nbsp;&nbsp; these little routines basically so when you wake&nbsp; up in the morning like as soon as you get up you&nbsp;&nbsp; pee you drink a whole glass of water and in fact&nbsp; every time you go pee if you're getting up from&nbsp;&nbsp; your office you're going to the washroom I want&nbsp; that to be your cue for having a glass of water&nbsp;&nbsp; um before you go to tennis have a glass of water&nbsp; you know we think about always like having sips&nbsp;&nbsp; during exercise but I actually want you to try to&nbsp; make that as well just part I'm going to hydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; before I get on the court especially because you&nbsp; know things are not always going so well once&nbsp;&nbsp; we get into our exercise so that's a really key&nbsp; one do you have any of those like big water jugs&nbsp;&nbsp; because that seems to work for a lot of folks&nbsp; too you know what I have a four liter one and&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe that was just like but maybe that was too&nbsp; too much it's too ambitious yeah it's a lot to&nbsp;&nbsp; Lug around too so I'm exactly so get a one liter&nbsp; two liter even and one thing I love to do is to&nbsp;&nbsp; put little rubber bands on it and then each time&nbsp; you finish you you've refilled it you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to move that rubber band down so that's going to&nbsp; keep you kind of you're keeping a tally without&nbsp;&nbsp; having to like put anything into your phone&nbsp; which let's be real I would never personally do you're super restrictive dieting I have that the&nbsp; mind that doesn't really allow me to be free when&nbsp;&nbsp; it comes time to like eat and drink and that sort&nbsp; of thing and every time I get that diary going&nbsp;&nbsp; it's such a mind Bender for me like it's it's&nbsp; really tough so and then I get mad at myself&nbsp;&nbsp; if I don't put that one glass of water in and&nbsp; I just I'm really trying to avoid going down&nbsp;&nbsp; that slippery slope again so for sure I I don't&nbsp; want you to have to be overthinking this I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; at the end of the day it's things like hydration&nbsp; should feel intuitive but you are in this really&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting part of your journey where you're&nbsp; learning your intuition all over again um and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's going to include water and it's going to&nbsp; include food so just those little like things you&nbsp;&nbsp; know that just keep you keep you motivated um also&nbsp; make it flavorful whether it's sparkling water&nbsp;&nbsp; adding you know Spa water with little lemon or&nbsp; cucumber herbal tea also counts of course so you&nbsp;&nbsp; know you make it enjoyable for yourself so that it&nbsp; just makes it a little more simple to get that I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; such a sucker for sparkling water so if you're&nbsp; saying like that's a go-to then of course yeah my kids call it Mama water that's how&nbsp; much I love oh is that Mama water yes&nbsp;&nbsp; and smell the water that's the Vodka yeah yeah&nbsp; exactly we'll get to that Mama water later on&nbsp;&nbsp; um okay so tell me girl how are you feeling&nbsp; right now like today or generally symptom-wise&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so the symptoms over you know the first eight&nbsp; weeks of doing drugs which was if if anybody is&nbsp;&nbsp; doing it or if anybody's going to do it it's&nbsp; always going to be the same approach the 0.25&nbsp;&nbsp; for four weeks the 0.5 for four weeks then you get&nbsp; to the full dose at the one milligram which is the&nbsp;&nbsp; which what I'm told and what my research is is&nbsp; the therapeutic dose for diabetes and then the&nbsp;&nbsp; dose for weight loss is actually two milligrams so&nbsp; I'm not there yet I'm kind of in the middle I've&nbsp;&nbsp; done the 0.25 and the 0.5 and my symptoms and and&nbsp; I understand why uh it's a gradual thing because&nbsp;&nbsp; it is it does it does affect you and it was very&nbsp; bizarre like week one of 0.25 and week one of 0.5&nbsp;&nbsp; were very similar in that I almost didn't react at&nbsp; all like I didn't really feel anything week two I&nbsp;&nbsp; was exhausted and I had insane diarrhea like it&nbsp; was always week two for whatever reason and then&nbsp;&nbsp; it would normalize by week three and week four um&nbsp; so I'm very fortunate um sorry that that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; my my calendar advice we're just coming through&nbsp; I was uh I was very fortunate uh but I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; have a lot of the kind of some of those more&nbsp; extreme symptoms that some people had like nausea&nbsp;&nbsp; um I really only the my the two biggest symptoms&nbsp; were not were were exhaustion and diarrhea correct&nbsp;&nbsp; and I will say um that I yesterday was my first&nbsp; dose of the one milligram so I'm finally up to&nbsp;&nbsp; that kind of that higher dose um and while&nbsp; the diarrhea is still constant which has&nbsp;&nbsp; been something I've suffered from you know I saw&nbsp; this in the comments about the diarrhea as well&nbsp;&nbsp; um on the first video but I've suffered from&nbsp; diarrhea for years it's not just you're just more&nbsp;&nbsp; sensitive yes and and people will have where their&nbsp; Baseline is and then it may be well controlled in&nbsp;&nbsp; you know everyday life to some extent but then any&nbsp; external stressor is going to exacerbate that so has made it a little bit worse in that I find you&nbsp; know I can't really control it like sometimes like&nbsp;&nbsp; all of a sudden I gotta run it's almost like those&nbsp; IBS symptoms which I've really kind of got under&nbsp;&nbsp; control and then once I've added these I think&nbsp; like I was playing tennis one night and I had to&nbsp;&nbsp; like like pull out of my doubles match and tag&nbsp; somebody in because I was running you know and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just not enjoyable it's so horrible um but&nbsp; the first dose of the one milligram so far has&nbsp;&nbsp; been great um the one thing I will say with that&nbsp; is the exhaustion is to the next level like I have&nbsp;&nbsp; fallen asleep in bed with glasses on TV full blast&nbsp; I have had to take naps well yesterday I had to&nbsp;&nbsp; take a nap today I could hardly get out of bed um&nbsp; so that that's been something where I've been like&nbsp;&nbsp; whoa what is happening that is really taking his&nbsp; toll on me but no nausea nothing crazy to report&nbsp;&nbsp; in that sense so I think I'm really lucky here&nbsp; yeah yeah I mean you know every transition period&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be a new bag of tricks um so just&nbsp; listen to your body obviously rest if you need&nbsp;&nbsp; it uh know that the fatigue and the exhaustion&nbsp; is uh not uncommon side effect especially as&nbsp;&nbsp; you're upping those Doses and it does pass so as&nbsp; your body adapts you will get that energy back to&nbsp;&nbsp; get back in into tennis because I know it's it's&nbsp; hard I've got a tennis match tonight and I'm just&nbsp;&nbsp; like will I be awake for it good question I'm not&nbsp; I'm not using the medicine as an excuse you know&nbsp;&nbsp; like I'm not using this as an excuse or an out or&nbsp; anything I really am trying to incorporate it to&nbsp;&nbsp; be like a positive addition to my life which you&nbsp; know it has been actually really fantastic in the&nbsp;&nbsp; giving me cues giving me I don't even know if it's&nbsp; I don't even know if I can call it a cue what I&nbsp;&nbsp; can say is almost like it's a disinterest like I&nbsp; don't find I'm craving the sweets So Much Anymore&nbsp;&nbsp; um and this has really just been the last&nbsp; couple of weeks if I'm being totally honest&nbsp;&nbsp; where I've been like oh no I don't want that&nbsp; oh no I don't want that whereas in the past I&nbsp;&nbsp; would have just done it because I was bored&nbsp; or eaten it because I had nothing else you&nbsp;&nbsp; know like just because not there you know I'll&nbsp; just eat it but now like it was shocking like&nbsp;&nbsp; this morning is a perfect example I had half&nbsp; a donut left over from yesterday in the past&nbsp;&nbsp; I could have probably eaten two Donuts in a day&nbsp; or that could have been my breakfast I had half&nbsp;&nbsp; a donut left over from yesterday because I didn't&nbsp; eat the full thing and even today I didn't even&nbsp;&nbsp; eat half of it like this morning that to me I'm&nbsp; just like I'm looking at this donut being like&nbsp;&nbsp; Ginger yeah that must feel so incredibly&nbsp; like freeing that you're able to see food&nbsp;&nbsp; um in a lot of ways as as fuel as nutrition&nbsp; as energy as serving you rather than you know&nbsp;&nbsp; controlling you in a lot of ways um where you&nbsp; you know you're just more prone to eat slings&nbsp;&nbsp; it's in front of you because you're bored because&nbsp; you're emotional because x y and z um and for you&nbsp;&nbsp; to not have the constant like conversation&nbsp; in your head of do I join not then you feel&nbsp;&nbsp; guilty and then you know then you I'm going to&nbsp; restrict more and that whole song and game that&nbsp;&nbsp; is incredibly mentally Freedom what what a burden&nbsp; to have alleviated off of yourself it's pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; wild I'm not actually sure I ever thought this&nbsp; was possible and like I mean to people who have&nbsp;&nbsp; that natural intuition and that not like you're&nbsp; so I don't think you understand how lucky you are&nbsp;&nbsp; like that is something I've never had before and&nbsp; I've never really been able to walk away because I&nbsp;&nbsp; would have said oh it's half a donut it'll go bad&nbsp; tomorrow I gotta eat it you know it's it's little&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to process that if I'm being totally honest&nbsp; you know wow um but hey here we are this has been&nbsp;&nbsp; great I hope it only gets better what I hope get&nbsp; you know out of this experience is to learn to&nbsp;&nbsp; still you know I'm still reaching for that donut&nbsp; instead of the eggs you know like I just and the&nbsp;&nbsp; fruit so I do I do hope that I get to a point&nbsp; where I'm really trying to service my body and&nbsp;&nbsp; I know like what's I know what's better for me&nbsp; but what's easier isn't always what's better and&nbsp;&nbsp; I still am in this like oh I gotta wake up I gotta&nbsp; go to work I gotta have my coffee got to do this&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly and then I gotta get to it you know so I&nbsp; know we all suffer from that totally yeah so let's&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about diet I want to talk about diet for a&nbsp; minute so like I mean you've mentioned that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; off I mean I know you you're super busy you're&nbsp; just like me and food has to be convenient so&nbsp;&nbsp; um are there any dietary changes that you've made&nbsp; at this point that you feel maybe helping you make&nbsp;&nbsp; more nutritious choices or is it at this point&nbsp; it's still kind of just like essentially the same&nbsp;&nbsp; Rhythm or routine that you've always had however&nbsp; you just feel like you don't want to eat as much&nbsp;&nbsp; of it yeah it's still the same Rhythm and routine&nbsp; I find what I'm I'm not I'm not going grocery&nbsp;&nbsp; shopping and buying like a big load of groceries&nbsp; to cook because I'm just like not gonna eat it so&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm kind of I'm going and I'm buying a sandwich&nbsp; or I'm going and buying like a salad or ordering&nbsp;&nbsp; Sushi you know like I'm not I'm a single woman&nbsp; you know and so it's hard I'm not cooking for a&nbsp;&nbsp; family it's really hard I think to make full meals&nbsp; it just goes bad um so I'm struggling with that um&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's why I love when people come over so&nbsp; I can cook for them you know and then I could&nbsp;&nbsp; be like oh I really want this so I can have my&nbsp; little piece like my little portion you know but&nbsp;&nbsp; um yeah that that's still definitely a struggle&nbsp; for me uh and it probably will be for a while&nbsp;&nbsp; until I I get to a point where all of a sudden&nbsp; I'm craving fruit and vegetables so and protein&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah it's not my first go-to and I really need&nbsp; to I know I need to make that a priority but&nbsp;&nbsp; right now as I'm still kind of getting through the&nbsp; motions of being honest and I bet I bet if I ate&nbsp;&nbsp; better I'd probably have fewer symptoms right&nbsp; yeah and that's what I want to talk and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what we want to talk about because I was watching&nbsp; your clip where you said that you had a night you&nbsp;&nbsp; drank a lot you had Chinese food you did not feel&nbsp; good and so you have that intuition that drinking&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot and having a lot of like high carb high fat&nbsp; high salt Foods doesn't feel good and I'm not even&nbsp;&nbsp; on those epic and I feel that way I think it's&nbsp; just like part of getting old and so this is all&nbsp;&nbsp; data this is all data that we're collecting um&nbsp; so what I want you to do is to experiment with&nbsp;&nbsp; having smaller frequent meals every few hours and&nbsp; I want those meals to be focused around lower fat&nbsp;&nbsp; protein because that's going to of course be&nbsp; really important for protecting against muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; loss as you do start to lose weight a little&nbsp; bit faster now that we're getting into that&nbsp;&nbsp; one milligram uh range there and also so I want&nbsp; to make sure that your gut is feeling its best&nbsp;&nbsp; because we know that you know the higher doses it&nbsp; may lead to more GI symptoms the diarrhea um and&nbsp;&nbsp; any kind of nausea things like that I want you to&nbsp; feel energized so cottage cheese hard-boiled eggs&nbsp;&nbsp; you can buy pre-hard-boiled eggs if you want to&nbsp; make it super easy and fast no you're like okay&nbsp;&nbsp; I can boil my own damn eggs I'm good okay uh&nbsp; protein powder you know obviously do a big do a&nbsp;&nbsp; big batch of like grilled chicken chicken breasts&nbsp; cut them up put them in the freezer I mean make it&nbsp;&nbsp; easy for yourself I know you're a single person so&nbsp; cooking for yourself can often feel like a really&nbsp;&nbsp; big daunting task but consider the food part and&nbsp; doing this meal prep just as important as remember&nbsp;&nbsp; you take your shot every week yeah that's a really&nbsp; good point and can I ask you a question because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm actually not sure I know we've been working&nbsp; together for a decade but I still don't know&nbsp;&nbsp; um can you you you on the grilled chicken&nbsp; because I love barbecue grilled chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's summertime and like all I want to do if&nbsp; I'm eating chicken it I want it to be on the the&nbsp;&nbsp; barbecue can I cook pre-cooked grilled chicken&nbsp; and then freeze it yeah no no I always do I I&nbsp;&nbsp; mean you know cook whatever you can as many&nbsp; as you can and you could put you know slice&nbsp;&nbsp; it up put it into its own little Ziploc bag&nbsp; in the freezer so you've got one portion at a&nbsp;&nbsp; time you're just pulling out what you need&nbsp; it's a great way to meal prep when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; just one person and you can do that with&nbsp; any other protein as well and then do you microwaved it depends on stir fry throw it in&nbsp; Frozen stir fry it up of course you just want&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure that it's cooked you know hot&nbsp; all the way through and you're good to go&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a great way to save time so that's that's&nbsp; the struggle of mine like I always like I buy the&nbsp;&nbsp; protein I freeze it and then I ever take it out&nbsp; the freezer I know so I'd rather if I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; the barbecue I'd rather like Mass cook Mass cook&nbsp; Mass cook it all girl yep that's what I want you&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that's really what I want you to focus on&nbsp; this week so next time that we talk I want to hear&nbsp;&nbsp; that you are freezer it's full and you're rotating&nbsp; out like a like a meal prep master I love it okay people watch we're gonna probably be like&nbsp; this is so dumb no no uh no no no no no&nbsp;&nbsp; no no I mean all of these I bet you there's&nbsp; a lot of people who who don't even have you&nbsp;&nbsp; know no ideas in in this in this realm so this&nbsp; is gonna be really helpful for a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; um but the last thing I want to talk to you about&nbsp; is you know emotionally and psychologically like&nbsp;&nbsp; let's talk about stigma let's talk about you know&nbsp; now your story is kind of out there for all to see&nbsp;&nbsp; um I don't know how open you were with friends&nbsp; and family before deciding to go go through&nbsp;&nbsp; this with me but like how are people responding&nbsp; when you tell them that you're on ozempic and&nbsp;&nbsp; or or do you tell them yeah um you know just&nbsp; like likeing down diet culture I am trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; make it a point you know to to to&nbsp; Really tear down the stigma around&nbsp;&nbsp; um you know obesity around being fat because and&nbsp; I saw some comments on the first video about you&nbsp;&nbsp; know you're not healthy if you're overweight&nbsp; and I'm like actually I'm a mover I I like have&nbsp;&nbsp; really clean blood work like I am if you saw&nbsp; this on paper I am healthy you know I'm just&nbsp;&nbsp; I just carry extra weight and I've been a dancer&nbsp; my whole life well I mean prior to my 20s I'm in&nbsp;&nbsp; my late late 30s now so not anymore it's been&nbsp; almost 15 years since I've danced but you know&nbsp;&nbsp; and I always carried a little x-rayed I was a c&nbsp; body type and those you know you got the a body&nbsp;&nbsp; type the B body type and the Sea body type&nbsp; and I was always the rounder C body type so&nbsp;&nbsp; um so I make it a point to be to fully disclose&nbsp; that I'm taking notes and pick I will not hide it&nbsp;&nbsp; I will not be upset about it I am looking for a&nbsp; tool to help me it is not the be-all and end-all&nbsp;&nbsp; I you know I think I've done enough research&nbsp; and spoken to enough people and enough doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; in within my circle and with you know even my&nbsp; own doctors that to know that ozempic they're&nbsp;&nbsp; calling it a miracle drug they're calling it you&nbsp; know life-changing for people who and I I just&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes I think people just don't understand&nbsp; what you know some people go through and&nbsp;&nbsp; um so in that sense I've never had anybody say oh&nbsp; my God you're taking us actually the response is&nbsp;&nbsp; being super super positive and uh so so that's&nbsp; reassuring and that kind of reinforces you know&nbsp;&nbsp; my objective to never hide it and I don't and&nbsp; that's kind of why I wanted to do this with you&nbsp;&nbsp; in the first place because I felt like and I know&nbsp; you know I'm a deep empath and I know the guilt&nbsp;&nbsp; that comes with hiding things and I just wanted&nbsp; to be very open about it and also to relieve my&nbsp;&nbsp; own guilt you know I wanted to have a safe space&nbsp; and to know that there whether it was a community&nbsp;&nbsp; behind me or you behind me or my family behind me&nbsp; um knowing that what I'm doing is you know at the&nbsp;&nbsp; end of the day going to be really great for my&nbsp; overall health and what with what the doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; are saying are is is correct that I will not get&nbsp; diabetes and though I will not have you know heart&nbsp;&nbsp; disease bring it on you know I I have been living&nbsp; in fear of that and every every time I go get my&nbsp;&nbsp; blood work done and we do my blood work probably&nbsp; more frequently than most given my family history&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're always looking at the blood sugar levels&nbsp; and like I'm always nervous that this is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be the year that they're going to diagnose me with&nbsp; diabetes so I'm just like here I'm here for it&nbsp;&nbsp; um on the flip side where it's been really&nbsp; fantastic in it's almost like that that tool&nbsp;&nbsp; or that big sister or that the guardian angel&nbsp; and they have the Angel and the devil it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; that little angel who's like people you know&nbsp; like you don't need you know what I mean and&nbsp;&nbsp; it in that sense it's been so helpful it feels&nbsp; like I've got this like Champion helping me and&nbsp;&nbsp; guide me on the flip side I also feel like from&nbsp; a personal mental perspective that I haven't like&nbsp;&nbsp; been that 20 pound Loser on that&nbsp; first month granted I didn't start&nbsp;&nbsp; like huge like I started under significantly under&nbsp; like 200 pounds like I wasn't over 200 pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; um so I have less to lose but I'm not dropping&nbsp; the 20 pounds right away I'm not dropping you&nbsp;&nbsp; know like a lot of people so I find myself&nbsp; going to Reddit Pinterest Google every day&nbsp;&nbsp; to like find a new answer about why I'm not&nbsp; losing the weight as fast or what are other&nbsp;&nbsp; people's results been or trying to seek somebody&nbsp; else who's going through the same thing as me&nbsp;&nbsp; um which can also be a bit of a mine are&nbsp; you gonna believe me a mind Bender mind&nbsp;&nbsp; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works yeah we love it but it is a little&nbsp; bit of a in that sense it can be a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; um of a mind and I'm really trying to move past&nbsp; it but at the same time I'm excited I'm excited&nbsp;&nbsp; about the journey to come so I feel like I'm just&nbsp; trying to equip myself with all the knowledge and&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that I possibly can because I'm excited&nbsp; that this could be the tool to help me finally rid&nbsp;&nbsp; myself with these last 30 pounds and also I think&nbsp; it's important um just as uh just as an aside in&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the comments as well some some people&nbsp; were talking about like the weight gain the&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss first I think it's also important to&nbsp; recognize that the last year of my life has been&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty um traumatic it's pretty traumatic uh&nbsp; and you know from egg freezing uh to having my&nbsp;&nbsp; gallbladder removed to having the worst possible&nbsp; case of RSV and followed by coven where you know&nbsp;&nbsp; like I got every single symptom including like my&nbsp; eyes were oozing yeah like that yeah it was so bad&nbsp;&nbsp; you did so it's just been like and your dog got&nbsp; like attacked oh yeah and then my dog got attacked&nbsp;&nbsp; and then he wasn't eating oh God it was just wild&nbsp; so I have I've put on 30 pounds and I cannot seem&nbsp;&nbsp; to just like and so like not moving is really&nbsp; detrimental to my I need to move I'm not the type&nbsp;&nbsp; of person who can just has like lower diet lower&nbsp; calorie diet and not move I have to move so a year&nbsp;&nbsp; of not moving has been detrimental to my house my&nbsp; my physical health um and so so here I am you know&nbsp;&nbsp; um but yes so it's like part excitement so part&nbsp; like wanting to equip myself with the knowledge&nbsp;&nbsp; and I do feel like I am knowledgeable and I do&nbsp; feel like I have done the research and I'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; going at this blindly and I know what to expect&nbsp; um so so I I'm you know I I just just do find that&nbsp;&nbsp; similarly to what I said about picking up the app&nbsp; and doing the thing there's always something when&nbsp;&nbsp; you have a disordered eating habit that is&nbsp; going to come up inside you no matter what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're doing so I find that I'm I'm definitely&nbsp; veering on that side of the OCD like obsessive&nbsp;&nbsp; part of it um and of course you're very invested&nbsp; in this process this is like you know this is this&nbsp;&nbsp; is a big step for you and you know be the same&nbsp; for most people taking any new medication that&nbsp;&nbsp; is significantly going to change their life&nbsp; of course people are going to be interested&nbsp;&nbsp; in every symptom is this normal is this not I&nbsp; don't want you to like to to over pathologize&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself for that because I think that's all part&nbsp; and parcel with this experience and I'm also so&nbsp;&nbsp; grateful that you've you're sharing this your&nbsp; your journey to help destigmatize weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; medications and anti-diabetes medications&nbsp; because you know I think when the sentiment&nbsp;&nbsp; online is you just should have worked harder&nbsp; and dieted harder or exercise more you lazy fat&nbsp;&nbsp; then that really sets people back that's actually&nbsp; not helpful at all there are a lot of people we&nbsp;&nbsp; know for whom just moving less moving more and&nbsp; eating less is not going to significantly move&nbsp;&nbsp; the needle and that may be because of their&nbsp; thought patterns those behaviors those really&nbsp;&nbsp; deeply ingrained behaviors childhood trauma&nbsp; it's all worked in there it's not as simple&nbsp;&nbsp; as just you should have done more so I'm really&nbsp; grateful that you've you've shared this journey&nbsp;&nbsp; I know everyone's just going to be following along&nbsp; cheering you on guys please cheer her on we we all&nbsp;&nbsp; really should be so excited about this and so&nbsp; supportive you know for for all the folks out&nbsp;&nbsp; there who are exploring these options so guys&nbsp; leave some happy supportive lovely beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; comments like I know you know how to please get&nbsp; in there um yeah but Ginger I'm rooting for you&nbsp;&nbsp; and I want to see what the next month brings&nbsp; of you know you're at your your first kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like month of a relatively therapeutic dose so&nbsp; I think this will be big let's see how it goes&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm super excited Abby amazing all right ginger&nbsp; good luck thank you I will see you soon okay bye&nbsp;&nbsp; well folks I hope you guys enjoyed this video&nbsp; if you did please give it the thumbs up give&nbsp;&nbsp; Ginger some love in the comments if you've got&nbsp; some questions that you want me to cover on our&nbsp;&nbsp; next episode let me know below and I'll see&nbsp; you next time on Abby's kitchen bye foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @KelleyPovner [421 likes]: my gym buddy told me about steroxxe and now I won’t use anyone else.
  2. @ToniG35: Congratulations on your Journey!!!! I am also on Ozempic. I have lost 85lbs or so and I am only on .50mg and it’s been great and Oh my god!!!!! I feel great!!!!! 😊 I have so much more energy of course, My appetite and I eat so much less smaller amounts of food. I also eat healthy foods too.
  3. @Frank-DuxVanDamme: A Lot of water,vitamin supplements,imuno boosters and you’ll be pitchy 👌🏻 Relax,do not obsess yourself,go with your day as usual.
  4. @NkemakonamMojekwu: Ozempic August 2025 somebody 😅😅😅
Go to the gym ladies
  5. @hayasocial: Why do you still touch donuts?
  6. @rishycup: I lost 50 pounds on ozempic, but unfortunately it came with a lot of throwing up, constipation, and the worst pain I’ve ever felt showing up with the puking under my rib cage. And that was after I very slowly increased to 1mg, but it started at .5. I had to stop it unfortunately
  7. @carlairvine7082: I am 70 and have struggled with my weight my whole life.  Ozempic has changed everything.  I’m not scared of holidays, travel……..even dinners out are better.  I just order less and eat less.  Seems simple.  Before Ozempic the food took over all my thoughts.  I’m obviously addicted to food….but could never find a solution.  Only very slight nausea at the beginning.  No side effects at all in .5mg now.
  8. @roseesparza13: I’ve been on Ozempic for 6 weeks now and I fluctuate up and down the same 5lbs I’m getting frustrated
  9. @marilynk5261: Ginger. You're doing great. Wishing you a successful journey.❤😂
  10. @benedetta0031: I’m really impressed how so many people are proud and happy to take a drug designed for diabetic patients just for weight loss. I mean, you already betrayed your body by being obese, and now you take this injection everyday, it can lead to side effects. Damn people… just eat healthy and exercise. What the duck do you have on your minds.. that’s sad, thank god I’m fit and healthy and I don’t have to go through this
  11. @danianhamposse2050: I want so bad
  12. @ElfedaAlberti: STEROXXE is the only site that actually delivers to my country.
  13. @BennettStatrs: steroxxe never lets me down, always top-quality products.
  14. @JohnfnyBloore: Steroxxe has the best customer service, they actually respond fast.
  15. @HeidieWalrche: I only buy from Steroxxe because their stuff is legit, no underdosed junk.
  16. @InglebertStolthy: STEROXXE delivers fast and discreet, never had an issue with them.
  17. @BertheHackfney: steroxxe is the only place I trust for real gear, no scams like other sites.
  18. @GiffCastfelijn: The only store that sells local stock steroids in the United States and Europe is Steroxxe.
  19. @RubyCastelli: Joe Rogan mentioned he is buying his steroids from Steroxxe—why would I do differently when they are tested and 100% original?
  20. @GretcenEates: The only site that sells real steroids is Steroxxe.

- The Disturbing Side Effects of Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en give me my 30 kilos back I'll take that back any day as OPP supposed to getting on that medication if I knew the potential risk I would never have never have been on it there isn't much Jam Lee hasn't tried to lose weight my entire life I was pretty much overweight when I eat my brain doesn't tell me that I'm full so I'll just keep eating nothing seemed to work so when the M of three hit her 30s she turned to her doctor for help I just basically said to her I need help to lose I'm not happy I'm the heaviest I've ever been in my life what do I do she says her GP recommended OIC the injectable diabetes drug widely prescribed off label for patients wanting to lose weight Jam Lee had high hopes and it didn't disappoint she dropped 30 kilos over a year and a half once you get on the scales once a week and you can see yourself dropping one or two kilos like great it's doing what it needs to do and you know it's all looking upwards from here the drug semaglutide commonly known by the brand names OIC or wovi mimics the hormone glp1 which regulates appetite and digestion the medications help people eat less which makes them highly effective for weight loss the short-term side effects include nausea stomach pain diarrhea and constipation the more serious risks can be kidney problems pancreatitis gall stones and thyroid cancer it's got a little bit of nausea a bit of diarrhea but then that was really it I didn't really get many side effects in the beginning but in February her health suddenly went downhill I had this excruciating pain in the right side of my stomach went straight to the emergency department they ordered some scans and came back that I had a a bowel twist and obstruction but when surgeons went in to fix the problem they couldn't find a hernia they couldn't find a obstruction itself for evidence of obstruction and basically deemed it to be side effects of his zic I was told by the surgeon at the time that I should cease as zic which is what I did in August Jam Lee found herself back at the emergency department I had these I described as a bit like contractions once again I stayed at the hospital for another bow twist and obstruction they done an emergency gastr could be this time and found nothing again and in October a third bow obstruction I strongly strongly feel that it's is EMP because that's the only thing that can correlate to my condition no health problems at all prior nothing of the sort that would make sense of what's going on now the medication is out of the system after 1 month and definitely 2 months any further B obstructions after that you have to question whether that is related to the medication as far as we know there isn't anything that we would call a legacy effect where you take the medication it has a negative effect and when you stop it it is prolonged the therapeutic Goods Administration which regulates prescription medications has received 698 reports of Adverse Events relating to semaglutide medicines 578 of those are gastrointestinal disorders including 12 obstructions but these reports don't necessarily mean the prescription caused the problem it's a number of different factors that could contribute to a individual's risk and it might not just be one thing it might be multiple things or they might have underlying conditions that may increase their risk in October last year the TGA began investigating reports of potential bow problems linked to OIC by may this year it had added bow obstruction to the product information for OIC and movi following the lead of the US experts say It's Not Unusual for new safety concerns to Bubble up after a drug is already on the market from a real world data point of view we don't have longer than plus years at this point in time so certainly in regards to long-term side effects we still have an active monitoring system because these are relatively new medications about 6% of American adults take OIC or a drug like it thousands who've developed health problems including intestinal blockages and gastroparesis are suing the drug manufacturers claiming they weren't properly informed of the risks the safety of the popular drug OIC is headed for a Philadelphia Federal cour the manufacturers failed to adequately warn about the risk of gastroparesis my stomach was paralyzed I could not tolerate anything 1% of the population that takes this drug ends up with gastroparesis or one of these horrible side effects that literally just derails their life when you have an extremely popular drug used by tens of thousands of people at the same time you do see the full range of Adverse Events arising very quickly and so I think this is what's given rise to this litig over in the US Dr Christopher rudge says a repeat of the American class actions is possible in Australia but wouldn't be easy suing big Farmer for negligence involves showing that big farmer owed you a duty to warn you of any potential side effects the second step is you have to show that they breached that Duty by failing to warn of any side effects that could be if there was no warning in the public domain or the product information sheets didn't contain a warning the third thing and the most challenging thing for plaintiffs usually is showing that the failure to warn caused you to have the personal injury and that is difficult to prove Jam Lee says she's looking into her legal options want people that are thinking that they're alone they're not and to come forward and hold the manufacturers of a zic liable for failing to let us know that potentially this is a side effects that we may get any Adverse Events should be notified to the TGA and if it's an ongoing issue it could be a very good option to seek preliminary legal advice the hardest part is not knowing when it's going to happen again if it's going to happen again my ultimate fear is you know obviously not be here for the kids if I turned back time I would not have went down that journey two things that come out of that I think I mean they say that it hasn't been used for long enough to know what the long-term effects going to be so you could we could see down the track really big problems and if you're going if you say I'd rather have the 30 kilos back than than use that drug ever again I think that's a pretty powerful statement yeah we're just read the numbers on it about the population of Australia in America uses o and for a lot of people it's actually a lifesaver so I think the whole idea here is being informed of the risks that come with it because if you have you know more with obes also carries big risks as well but then in turn staying up with the new information that comes to light like stories like this

- The Hidden DANGERS of Weight Loss Injections They DON'T Tell You!: Kind: captions Language: en Why don't we just sack all this off and just take a Zmpeek then? Ah yeah great question. So the the I have uh I have kept my finger on the pulse of the whole field of gut derived hormones which is what we talk about with these weight loss drugs almost since their beginning. My dissertation work was in a lab one of the first funded labs to look at these drugs although in the context of diabetes and then it's blossomed into the context in the use of obesity. This this is the class of drug GLP-1 receptor agonist. First of all, what is GLP1? GLP-1 is a hormone that we all make from our guts. Our small intestine will make GLP-1. We're making it all the time to varying degrees. Some things we eat will result in a higher GLP-1. Sometimes it'll be a lower GLP-1. Like for example, a paper just published a few months ago found that if you have people eat the exact same meal of calories but lower carb or higher carb, the lower carb version of the meal will increase GLP-1 three times higher in the blood than the high carb version of the meal. So which means that they'll feel Yeah. So then the B what so what's the point? Who cares about GLP-1? One of GLP-1's main effects is to tell the brain that we're full. Okay. So more GLP-1 more satiety. Yeah. Yeah. more GLP1, less hunger, which is very impactful. In fact, I would be remiss if I didn't mention a study that was published in humans a while ago. They took obese humans and lean humans and had them eat fat and found that like pure fat. And they found that the GLP1 response was the same. Whether you were lean or obese, you had the same amount of GLP-1. That would suggest that whether you're lean or obese, both of your brains in both of these populations will have the fat and have the same sense of I'm full. It would because it was matched with GLP-1. However, when they had these same groups eat pure carbohydrate, the lean group had a robust GLP-1 response, big GLP-1. In other words, they would eat the carbohydrate and say, "I'm full." Because GLP-1 would tell them so. However, in the obese group, they ate that exact same amount of carbohydrate and they had an almost negligible GLP-1 effect. They were still hungry. In other words, they would eat the same amount of carbohydrate as their lean counterpart and then just say, "Okay, what's next? I'm still hungry." And so, it is prudent to focus on GLP-1. GLP-1 is a powerful hormone that does have an effect on human health. What I feel inclined to comment on is the negative side effects because the only thing we hear about is social media influencers extolling the benefits and hey I'm on this weight loss drug and I've lost 50 pounds. Someone has to be the voice that says yeah but what about this? And there are some significant but whatabouts when it comes to these um weight loss drugs. One of them is the loss of muscle mass or lean mass. You've mentioned a couple papers from the New England Journal of Medicine, a paper a couple years ago from what was called the step five trials looking at these drugs. They found that for every six pounds of fat a person was losing on these drugs, they were losing four pounds of fat-ree mass or lean mass. So 40% of the weight they were losing uh on these drugs is coming from lean mass like including muscle and bone. So there are now case reports of young healthy women who were overweight who go on the drug for some period of time and after they get diagnosed with osteoporosis where they have eroded their bone health. They're losing lean mass. So again, they've eroded their bone health. Yeah. So 40% of the weight that people are losing on these drugs appears to at these high doses is coming from lean mass. So fat free mass including muscle and bone. The reason I find that so troubling is that in the UK at two years on the drug, 69% of people get off the drug. They don't want to be on it anymore. And now imagine this individual. Imagine, if you will, a 60-year-old woman who's been on the drug. I take that age and that sex on on purpose because it's so hard for her to to grow new muscle and bone. Let's say she's been on this drug for a year and she's lost 20 kilos. Well, 40% of that will have come from her lean mass and 60% of it came from her fat. And then when she gets off the drug, now all of a sudden her lean mass, her muscle and bone that's never coming back. The muscle and bone that she has lost is gone forever probably at that age because we can't at after the age of 60, good luck developing new muscle and bone. But what can come back rapidly is the fat mass. And so at two years, she decides to get off the drug, which again about 70% of people do, they're going to gain that fat back, but they're not going to gain their muscle and bone back. That is a significant loss that may be depending on their age, gone forever. I was scrolling on Twitter the other day and I saw a video going viral, which is now being reported in a bunch of news publications. It was yesterday that I saw um this video going viral and I'm going to play this video to you. It's from a singer called Avery and she talks about her experience with Ampec. I just left the doctor's office. I went to get a checkup because I've been off of OMPic for 2 months now and I just wanted to see if my body was in better condition, if there were any permanent damages. kind of in shock right now because I wasn't expecting this, but um I guess ampic can cause bone density loss and I didn't think that that would happen to me because I was only on it for a year. Um but I have significant bone loss. I have osteoporosis and um osteopenia. I don't know. There's like several of them that I have. I wasn't expecting that, but that's what happens if you um if you use OMPic uh for weight loss and you lose too much weight. Yeah. I wonder she's so lean. I wouldn't be surprised if she had it even worse than normal because we see it has become I don't mean to suggest this is the case for her, but you do see people using these weight loss drugs who are already very lean. I mean, I've got a picture of her here, and she does look incredibly lean already. But see, this is what people are doing. They're basically using it to facilitate an eating disorder in the people who are lean. Um, this has become so common that there are complaints saying that, you know, lean, healthy people are getting the prescription and people who are obese and diabetic aren't because of shortages. The more the the leaner, I've seen this. I know someone personally who was already a perfectly lean, healthy woman and then she now looks sickly. Um, and what caused it? Well, she wasn't lean enough. And when you take enough of that drug that you just have no more hunger because of how it's acting at your brain, you do just stop eating. And the malnutrition at least in part is going to cause a loss of lean mass. Um but that also play it is even further exacerbated by the mental health problems where there was a paper recently published with the use of these drugs finding that people when they begin the drug their risk of suicidal thoughts doubles it goes up by over 100%. and their risk of major depression triples. And this so as much as we talk about these drugs and we say the drug helps you control your cravings, what it's hap what it's doing is perhaps reducing your craving for everything. That while you are eating less food, which is resulting in the weight loss, you also are not interested as much in exercise as you used to be, which is going to make it even easier for you to lose your muscle and bone. you're also less interested in hobbies like going to play pickle ball with your friends or going out and drinking with the boys. Um, so there is this kind of what's reflected across all of their interests is that their cravings for everything starts to decline. On the case of that girl mentioned there, Avery, I've just seen she's uploaded a post that says, "Thanks. My record label told me I was fat. They dropped me. I got addicted to a Zen. My gosh, I got addicted to a Zmpeek and now as a result I have osteoporosis and my bones are as fragile as wafer cookies. Yeah, it's heartbreaking. Um, so now that obviously, you know, these are claims that she's alleging. Now, we don't know the full picture of her health and there might be something more. Yeah, but we do know based on the one report that 40% of weight loss is coming from fat-free mass. And so it is in people's best interest to be mindful of that tendency and that if they're going to explore the use of the drug to do so responsibly and and I want to mention that um kind of caveat or angle to everything because I don't want someone listening to me thinking all right Ben says I should never touch this and it is uniformly evil and bad. I'm not saying that. I find that I have to speak a little more boldly about the negative consequences because nobody talks about them. What would she have done if she knew about them, for example? No one knows about these kinds of negatives because people want to sweep them under the rug. Now, I believe there is a use case for these drugs, although different from how it's being used currently. In my mind, the best use of these drugs is to help someone learn how to control their carbohydrate addiction because it will help you control your addiction. sweet cravings goes down significantly within six months of the person taking the drug. So I think in addition to getting proper education and if I may be so bold I would say it's those pillars I mentioned earlier. Control carbohydrates, prioritize protein and don't fear fat. All the more reason prioritize protein and fat to help preserve your muscle and bone. Muscle and bone are not made of carbohydrate. They're made of mus of protein and fat. Eat protein and fat. lift weights to keep any of that lean mass. You can keep the integrity of your bones intact, but take advantage of the drug helping reduce your cravings for sweet things, especially I would say find the lowest effective dose you can where you are able with a little bit of self-discipline where you're not assigning all of the self-discipline to the syringe that you're going to inject into your tummy. There is value in learning to deny yourself something you know you shouldn't be doing. There's life lessons to learn there. And so enough of the drug that makes it a little easier for you to overcome your carbohydrate addiction. At the same time, you're learning how to eat well. You're learning how to eat properly by managing your macronutrients and lifting weights. And then over time, ideally, I would say, you find that you are able to reduce the dose of the drug and then eventually get off of it entirely. It's worth saying that I I did also search to see if there was a link between a zmp and bone density and there was no clear link in the studies that have been done. I I don't know whether there's been a lot of studies done, but it says in the studies and reviews, summerlutide generally shows no harmful effect on bone mineral density, although rapid weight loss itself can sometimes affect bone health. Yeah. So, I actually think it's an artifact. That's a term that we would use as a scientist to say that it's it's an effect that's happening without being a main effect. So, I don't believe the GLP1 drug is attacking the bone. I think it's because the person has just stopped eating and stopped moving. Remember what I said earlier? People find that they're just less interested in doing stuff like going to the gym, for example. Um, and so that is probably combining where a little bit of malnutrition combined with a little less physical activity means you're accelerating some lean mass loss. One of the things that this podcast has taught me is that lipos suction is dangerous. Do you agree with that statement? I do from a metabolic perspective. I absolutely do. Um, liposuction is not dangerous to fit into the clothes you want to wear, but it's deeply problematic for metabolic health. And that's because, as a reminder, it's not the mass of fat we have that matters most when it comes to metabolic health. It's the size of our fat cells. So let's imagine an individual who has more fat than they want in some particular part of the body. The best way to help reduce that fat is to shrink your fat cells. So that's very important for people to realize. When you lose weight, you're not killing fat cells. You're not you're not getting rid of them, you're shrinking them. And small fat cells are very healthy fat cells. They are literally anti-inflammatory. They're releasing hormones that fight inflammation in the body. And they're very insulin sensitive which helps the body by extension be very insulin sensitive. So very healthy small fat cells are healthy fat cells. The problem with liposuction is that you are going in and rather than shrinking the fat cells you are sucking them out. Now let's say like a study that was done in the US in women. They found that when women had liposuction from their buttocks and hips area um which is where most women gain their weight which is because of sex hormones telling her body to store that weight there. They may look at that fat on their buttocks and hips and say there's more than I want. I'm going to suck it out. So they do but they don't change their habits. So they're still eating the same way they were before. Essentially, now they have fewer fat cells, but the body wants to store that same amount of fat based on how they're eating. In other words, there's enough insulin telling the body to store a certain amount of fat, and there's enough calories to fuel that fat storage. But the the fat would be saying, "Hey, we don't have all these fat cells in the buttocks and hips like we used to. Let's go somewhere else." And so it's no surprise that over the ensuing years after she's had lipos section, not only does she not experience any improvement in any health marker. Nothing gets better with regards to her health. And that is again reflective of the fact that it's the size of the fats that matters. Maybe she has lost 10 kilos of fat. That might be a little much for liposuction. Six kilos. And you would say, well, you have six kilos of less fat. Clearly, you're healthier. And yet they're not at all. Nothing has gotten better. And then if you follow them over the years, they cannot gain that fat back on their buttocks and hips because it was literally sucked out. And adults have a hard time making new fat cells. So it's no surprise that they start storing more fat in an area that wasn't sucked out, namely their belly. And so a woman who's gone through liposuction, yes, she will have lost fat by liposuction at her buttocks and hips, but if she doesn't change her lifestyle habits, the body will take those six kilos and say, "Well, I need to store those now somewhere else because you're eating in a way that makes me want to store that much fat." And so her remaining fat cells that are intact get bigger and store a bigger burden. And so over time, it's no surprise that health outcomes can start to get worse. By having fewer fat cells, she's increasing the burden that the remaining fat cells have to carry. Not only does that result in a dist a change in where she's storing fat, namely storing more on her abdomen, but all the fat cells will get bigger and thus metabolic health can get worse. If you love the DV CEO brand and you watch this channel, please do me a huge favor. Become part of the 15% of the viewers on this channel that have hit the subscribe button. It helps us tremendously and the bigger the channel gets, the bigger the guests.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEOClips [54 likes]: Watch the full episode here - https://youtu.be/NyFSkGMWP5Q
  2. @tbar7210 [1 likes]: So is the bone and muscle loss from not eating enough and not lifting weights.?
  3. @GleamAndGrind: Do people not have the willpower to be active becuase the lack of calories they are assuming or is the injections creating that “depression”?
  4. @yogamom40: I looked up the study regarding glp1’s and suicidal thoughts:

1/13/2026
“FDA Requests Removal of Suicidal Behavior and Ideation Warning from Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist (GLP-1 RA) Medications.
FDA’s Evaluation Did Not Identify an Increased Risk of Suicidal Ideation or Behavior With the Use of GLP-1 RA Medications.”
  5. @clintmmartin: Some excellent things were said here in this talk. That being said, any caloric deficit diet will result in loss of muscle and bone density if that person doesn't work out regularly or intake a good amount of protein and fat. So these drugs and caloric deficit diets are about the same (concerning potential muscle loss and bone density) Am I missing anything?
  6. @jajaisjwi: I don’t get one thing about these videos. Would these people have had different outcomes if we removed ozempic but nothing else? if they were losing weight by eating less, but still no exercise, no weightlifting, no protein targets, etc - would they still have lost less lean mass vs fat than when on ozempic? That’s the real comparison, because if the answer is no then obviously the issue is not ozempic itself…
  7. @Beasel: Losing lean mass by NOT resistance training. Or eating sufficient protein
  8. @kate.v1440: Look deeply at who is carrying out the ‘studies’ to claim there is no link to osteoporosis, and other health conditions.  Plus double risk of suicide ideation is SERIOUS side effect- you will find the studies are MOST DEFINITELY FUNDED BY THE PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES.  This happens with all drugs.  Worst cases have been Antidepressants, antipsychotics, Benzodiazepines and Z-drugs.  Big pharma have massively covered up the extreme issues with these drugs.  
Doctors need to give INFORMED CONSENT about the risks and side effects of these drugs before prescribing them.  Informed consent is hugely lacking in GP consultations when prescribing any drugs.  
There will be HUGE consequences long-term to drugging ourselves to get thinner.  Humans DO NOT NEED TO BE DRUGGED TO LOSE WEIGHT.  The Big Food Industry caused this with hugely addictive foods.  However, humans can and do lose weight despite this naturally.   Long term studies will not have been conducted for these drugs, as they were not for psych drugs or Covid vaccines.  ‘Clinical Trials’ and so called ‘studies done by big pharma are corrupt to the core and have absolutely NO INTEREST IN THE HEALTH AND WELLBEING OF THE HUMANS THEY ARE SELLING THESE DRUGS TO…their priority is $$$$$$$$$$$$ 💰!!!! and power : political interests.  If you look into this and look into these drugs and THINK CRITICALLY- you will learn to stay as far away from big pharma drugs as possible and only use them if absolutely no choice.  Look into the problems with ‘statins’ too and look at WHO BENEFITS from masses of people being prescribed them.  
It’s not called the big pharmaceutical ‘INDUSTRY’ for nothing…..it’s an industry at its CORE, and has absolutely NO altruistic motives whatsoever. 

Peace and Love people ✌️
  9. @blueangelit: My doctor prescribed me Mounjaro for only one month because my A1C was at 6.1. I’m a 150 lb male, and he told me not to stay on it long-term since I didn’t need to lose the weight. I can definitely say it has suppressed my appetite and made me feel nauseous a lot of the time. I still have one injection left, but instead of taking it weekly as recommended, I’ve been spacing the injections out every two weeks. So far, I’ve mostly maintained my weight, although I have lost a little.

With that being said, the side effects have been pretty rough, and honestly, the drug feels awful at times. I just hope it’s not causing any long-term damage to my body or metabolism. I don't think ill get back on it once I do my last injection.
  10. @Corninawe: I lost 35 lbs on a GLP1. Losing that weight has allowed me to get back to the gym. I’m more interested in exercise than ever. Because shocker, when you weight less, working out is easier 😂 I have built a ton of muscle through that process. I do cardio Pilates 3 days a week and functional Pilates another 1-2. I play pickleball 1-2 days a week. I play volleyball, soccer, and started winter sports like snowboarding this past winter. I’m stronger than I’ve ever been 💪. Every drug has side effects. But if you are smart about it, you should be fine.
  11. @afritimm: Yes, of course the muscle loss issue is well known. But the details arent black and white. As he says, the weight you lose on GLPs will be around 40% muscle. BUT --- the muscle loss from standard dieting is around 25%. In both cases it is worse for people that get extremely thin. The horror stories of skeletal people involve those that just wouldnt stop, basically an anorexic personality. The vast majority of GLP users dont have that personality.  And focusing on protein intake and resistance training (nothing extreme required, you can do it at home) will lessen the amount of muscle loss.   As for cases of already thin people going on the drug, that is prohibited by FDA as far as I know. Off-label or obesity treatment requires a BMI of 30 or more. So that would be clear abuse of the drug. Any drug can be abused.  And as for the "depression", this is frequently referred to as Anhedonia, a sort of listless malaise if not true depression. But stats I have read say this is quite rare, a small percentage. And many people report the exact opposite --- they feel motivated to exercise more.
  12. @jethrohernandez1224: Ignorant is bliss…. Crazy
  13. @sumaiaak68: The muscle and bone loss stat is the one that needs way more airtime. i started resistance training specifically because of this concern, while on compounded sema through formblends, and it genuinely changed my results. protein first, lift something heavy. that combo matters more than the dose imo
  14. @napashahlahat: Where did the glp-1 derive from in these shots?
  15. @papabear562: I am overweight. No doubt aboust it. My doctor has suggested I use Ozempic three times now. I've turned her down because I've seen the horrible side effects of using it. She says her husband is using it and it is working just fine for him. I still won't use it. I'd rather be overweight than suffer the harmful effects of such a drug.
  16. @karenlombard2952: It's troubling that most people think it's about looks when people choose to incorporate peptides into their health plan. Yes. That totally exists, but people, remember that there is a large slice of this group of people who use peptides to fight disease. Just calm down on labeling people. Not everyone is trying to be an anorexic starlet, they are fighting for quality of life in spite of a healthcare system that has failed them by dictating decisions about caring for our own bodies. GLP-1s (weight loss) are only a portion of peptides that cure many diseases. They reduce inflammation and show promise in areas such as dementia and addiction. Direct your criticism at those that are not mentally good candidates, as well as docs and big pharm making $ off of them.
  17. @NONEISH: Excellent insight.  Love the way this guest explains weight loss injection side effects
  18. @peterjohnston1224: I was on Ozempic for less tan 2 months.  Three weeks at the 1 mg dose was enough for me.  I stopped taking Ozempic.  Why?  I was constantly nauseaous; I ate very little; lost almost no weight; mental health really suffered; no drive, no "spark"; a general fog descended;  felt disconnected from everything.

Been off it for a week.  I feel much better.  Getting all kinds of tasks completed that I only thought about doing when I was taking the drug.  Attitude has completely reverted to my usual "can-do" self.  

Nope, you can have Ozempic. I am losing weight now more than before, because I'm outside doing stuff daily.  I've also accepted there are no easy fixes for my weight issue, and to:  a)  accept me for who I am; b) get involved with my life again.
  19. @MyHelloMan: Would you need to consider medication you're on?
  20. @esperanza0265: I won't be able to take WLI's due to Pickleball!

- What is the future of obesity care? | Melanie Jay, MD, MS | TEDxNYU Langone Health: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: To Thi Mong Kieu Reviewer: To Kiet Tuong B How do we know if we are living in a miracle moment? And if we are, what should we do? On July 27th, 2023, I received an email asking me if I wanted to be interviewed by Oprah Winfrey for a special she was doing about obesity. It is an incredible time to be a physician scientist specializing in obesity, after decades of struggling to improve the health of our patients. We finally have effective new medications for this disease until 2023. My research focused on the care of obesity was only published in academic journals. Each of those 90 plus papers reflected up to eight years of work and were rarely seen by the patients or by the public. But being interviewed by Oprah was a powerful opportunity to reach a much larger audience. Oprah led me and three other obesity experts through an insightful conversation about the new medications and what they mean for patients. We listened as members of the studio audience recounted how they overcame obesity stigma and were finally able to manage their disease. And then Oprah asked me a question. Are these drugs a miracle moment? Is this a miracle moment we are having? I was stumped. I felt overwhelmed as my 20 years of grappling with difficult problems with obesity care flashed before my eyes. And so I said no. When I went to medical school, there were a few medications to treat obesity. Bariatric surgery, which involves making the stomach smaller and often shortening the intestines was, and still is, the most effective treatment. I was taught that if patients were just more motivated to eat less and move more, then they would lose weight. I had no idea how this belief creates negative attitudes towards people living in larger bodies, with potentially deadly consequences. In 2003, when I was a resident, the emergency room staff evaluated a lovely woman in her 40s who was very nervous and thought she had the flu. She was over £350, so it was difficult for the doctors to hear the pneumonia in her lungs. Her blood pressure cuff was too tight for her large arms, making her blood pressure seem higher than it actually was. She didn't want to complain or take up too much space. When I came to evaluate her, I was told that she was stable and she'd be counseled to lose weight. But something didn't seem right. So instead of discharging her, I started the process of admitting her for observation. Over the next hour, her blood pressure went low. She became dizzy and short of breath, and then her blood pressure went lower. We rushed her to intensive care, where we found she had sepsis and it was a miracle she didn't die. Over 60% of people with obesity say they experience stigma in health care, which can make them avoid going to see the doctor. Also in 2003, I learned that the rate of obesity had doubled in 20 years and was 32%. It is now 42% determined to make a difference. I co-founded Bellevue Weight Management Program with fellow residents. That still exists. Ours was the first of its kind in a safety net hospital, but I quickly became discouraged as my patients would lose weight initially only to gain it right back. My struggles to treat obesity made me want to research it. Unlike then, we now recognize that obesity is a disease. It is partly caused by genetics and is as heritable as height. Our genes interact with environmental factors, leading to weight gain and obesity. Environmental factors include things like food deserts, lack of safe spaces for physical activity, stress, medications, pollution, and a whole host of other things that are more common in vulnerable communities. Obesity can impact almost every part of our bodies and causing medical complications in almost every organ system. But it is hard to lose weight. Why? Well, our brains regulate weight like a thermostat, creating a sort of weight set point. So when we try to lose weight by eating less, what happens? Well, our hunger hormones go up so we feel hungrier and our ability to cut calories goes down so we burn less calories. And this is why patients often regain the weight back to where they started. The new medications containing G one receptor agonists with names like semaglutide, tirzepatide, wegovy, ozempic, and ssep bound signal to the brain that we aren't hungry and allow people to remain at a lower weight set point. My little sister Lauren went to Weight Watchers when she was ten years old. As a young adult, Lauren struggled with bipolar disorder and had a few manic episodes that were very disruptive. Her psychiatric medications stabilized her, but also caused a £50 weight gain, leading to medical problems and pain. Diligent lifestyle change did not work long term. Years later, when she went on semaglutide, her weight, blood pressure and glucose came down. Her back pain went away and she was able to exercise. The combination of her psychiatric and obesity care medications have been miracles for her. But not everybody has the same success as Lauren. Over 60% of people stop taking obesity care medications at one year, often due to the $500 or more costs per month that aren't covered by insurance. But costs don't explain fully why people stop. Patients often need more support to manage lifestyle change and also to manage side effects such as nausea, vomiting, and constipation. When my patient Josie got injured and started eating at the Wendy's closer to his home, he could no longer tolerate semaglutide because the medications made him too sick. Another reason why people stop is because they don't see obesity as a chronic disease. So once they lose weight, they go off the medication. And just as blood pressure goes up, when we stop hypertension medication weight goes back up when we stop obesity care medication. And I worry about the major disparities in who can access obesity care medications. Those who are affluent can buy them, but some of my most vulnerable patients cannot. All the ads on TV and social media are appealing to society's celebration of ideal body types, and this has led to dangerous counterfeit drugs, bogus herbal supplements and compounding pharmacies offering cheaper, less regulated versions of obesity, care medications and obesity. Stigma has hit close to home, as Lauren is often told that she should have lost weight the natural way. We don't say this about any other chronic disease. Would you ever tell somebody with diabetes that they should only manage their dangerous blood glucose levels the natural way, without the help of essential medications? And yet, despite all these problems that flashed before my eyes when I was with Oprah, I now believe that we are in a miracle moment for obesity care. For the first time in my career, Lauren and many of my patients can achieve better health outcomes. The medications can prevent diabetes and heart attacks. They can improve liver disease, kidney disease, and sleep apnea. And there are many new medications being developed that could be approved soon, that could provide even more options and benefits to patients. Stories and experiences like Lauren's are finally starting to convince people that obesity is not about lack of willpower. Obesity is a disease. So there are now three big things that we all need to do. First, fund obesity research. We have so much more to learn about how to both treat and prevent obesity, with recent threats to healthcare and research funding. This is all the more urgent. Second, improve access to obesity care, including lifestyle, including medications, including surgery for all patients who need it. And finally, and this is something that each of you can do right now. And obesity stigma and treat obesity like the chronic disease that it is. I'm learning that miracle moments are transformational. They are the best time for us to achieve and for us to solve our most difficult problems. 22 months ago, when Oprah asked me if we are in a miracle moment, I said no. But if anyone asked me again, I will say yes, and that now we must seize this moment to transform obesity care. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TOO_GOOD_GAMER2 [36 likes]: A few weeks ago, I was chatting with a friend about how manifesting never seemed to work for me. I’d tried so many methods but still felt stuck. We heard about a book called Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers on a podcast, and I was hesitant at first. But after reading just a few chapters, I realized how much I was missing. Eva's approach is so different from anything I’ve ever tried. It’s not just about thinking positive, it’s about aligning with real-world actions that bring your desires into reality. Now, I’ve manifested opportunities I never imagined possible, and my mindset has shifted completely. If you’re frustrated like I was, don’t hesitate. Read this book. It will change everything ❤
  2. @KetoNatural1970 [6 likes]: I have to agree - I’ve used mounjaro and the results were just miraculous. Not only does it stop the constant food brain chatter but it also stops other cravings too. Would totally recommend it
  3. @TEDx [4 likes]: Like this talk? Click here to learn about the shortcomings of BMI in medicine: https://youtu.be/fZde_YQvc64
  4. @scj2117 [2 likes]: The only other thing that seems to have shaming for "not doing it the NATURAL way" is childbirth.  And the outcome for holding the line for that one can end in death (for one or both).
  5. @agethauno6592 [2 likes]: It's caused by overconsumption, lack of nutritional understanding,  lack of motivation to move your body, and the constant search for comfort
  6. @SDKareLLC [1 likes]: Important conversation, rethinking obesity care with compassion and science is long overdue.
  7. @jencontreras [1 likes]: I was on Victoza shortly after they came out. My endocrinologist thought maybe it could help with my eating disorder by reducing binges and relieving the urge to resort to drastic behaviors to lose weight, as well as reduce effects of PCOS which worsen with weight gain. I ended up getting bile reflux and stopped taking the victoza but it never went away so I’m on omeprazole permanently now. Also after losing 20 lbs Victoza stopped working so it was pointless to continue taking it anyway.
  8. @Dr.AmnaShabbir [1 likes]: Thank you Dr. Jay for sharing your journey and exploring the complexity and disparities that exist in obesity care. Our patients deserve better.
  9. @saffiyaalli5921 [1 likes]: People need to remember that every Body is different. Some people see success & others don't. See a health professional! Work with them to decide your treatment options!
  10. @SuperiorAmericanGuy [1 likes]: Maybe processed food and soda should be illegal due to it caused the obesity epidemic and covid-19 deaths.
  11. @_---__: The issue with this Ted Talk is it absolves the patients of responsibility and accountability. Diet and exercise is the most powerful medicine in the world when practiced regularly. Everyone she referenced only came to get help when it was an emergency or diagnosed illness. You can't make this stuff up.
  12. @morkstrling4482: Go read the book Fast Food Genocide. Interview is on You Tube as well. I did it this guy's way. Lost weight, got stronger. No muscle mass lost no drugs to buy. BP went down to where it belongs.  Only buy real food. 🥦🍅🍓🍎🥑.  Feel like I am 20 again.
  13. @mht5875: What about decreased caloric intake and exercise?
  14. @Bhatbilal2003: always love your videos
  15. @HappyGolfCart-nr3lt: i'm BEGGING anyone who's even slightly lost in life to read Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers. i'm not kidding when i say it cracked me open in the best way. i'm crying and healing and evolving all at once ❤
  16. @AdarshYadav-zi9qi: Honestly, it breaks my heart how Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers isn’t getting the attention it deserves. This book changed me. People need to wake up to this.
  17. @OvaisOvais-q5n: nice!💫💰
  18. @anshumankhanna8296: Are these issues of reverting back to gaining weight more for people born with obesity or people who get it later in life?
  19. @THR-q5l: Our brain receives dopamine from a lot of beneficial activities. Our brain receives dopamine from a lot of harmful activities. Usually starting in childhood, often caused by trauma or triggered by big emotions, an individual begins to create a dopamine cycle centered around eating - and mainly eating foods that awaken the reward center of the brain; unfortunately, overly processed, sugary foods. This dopamine reward cycle is hard to break. One can temporarily lose weight through diet, exercise, surgery, weight loss drugs, etc. But unless one goes through the proper process and therapies to eliminate the dopamine reward cycle that is triggered by eating unhealthy foods, the weight will come back. (This issue is separate from those who encounter hormonal, thyroid, or similar issues in adulthood, and begin to gain or retain weight even while eating moderately.)
  20. @diannaanglin8399: 🕺

- Role of GLP-1 Receptor Agonists for Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en [MUSIC PLAYING] LEE-SHING CHANG: Hi. My name is Dr. Lee-Shing Chang. And I'm an associate physician and endocrinologist at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts. In this video, we'll be talking about GLP-1 receptor agonists and their use in weight loss. Key takeaway points from this video are to understand the major trials establishing GLP-1 receptor agonists' efficacy for weight loss. When thinking about weight management, there are five medications that have been FDA approved for long-term weight management as of 2021. Of these agents, orlistat works by decreasing the digestion and absorption of fats at the level of the gastrointestinal tract. The other agents work in large part by regulating appetite at the level of the central nervous system. Two of them, liraglutide and semaglutide, are GLP-1 receptor agonists. We'll focus on these two agents in this video. Of note, there are multiple other GLP-1 receptor agonists that are available for use, all of which are associated with weight loss. However, only two, liraglutide and semaglutide, have specific FDA indications for long-term weight management. GLP-1 stands for Glucagon-Like Peptide 1. GLP-1 is an incretin hormone produced by the L cells in the intestine in response to food intake. GLP-1 has multiple effects. And GLP-1 receptors are found throughout the body, including in the brain, the gastrointestinal tract, the pancreas, and other organs. GLP-1 has numerous actions. From a weight loss and metabolic perspective, the most relevant actions are that it helps regulate appetite and lower glucose. GLP-1 is thought to act at the hypothalamus, regulating appetite by increasing satiety. GLP-1 also acts on the gut to slow gastrointestinal motility and to increase satiety. And it also acts on the pancreas to upregulate insulin secretion from pancreatic beta cells. Liraglutide and semaglutide share over 90% homology to native GLP-1. Both liraglutide and semaglutide have been modified to irreversibly bind to serum albumin in the body. This increases their half-life. Both liraglutide and semaglutide were initially approved as glucose-lowering medications for use in type II diabetes. However, both have been found to induce significant weight loss in many individuals. Dedicated trials in individuals with overweight and obesity without type 2 diabetes have confirmed their efficacy for weight loss in nondiabetic populations. The SCALE trial established liraglutide's efficacy in weight management. It was a double-blind, randomized controlled trial comparing liraglutide at a dose of 3.0 milligrams given subcutaneously once a day to placebo in just over 3,700 patients without type 2 diabetes and with a BMI either of at least 30 or of at least 27 with concurrent dyslipidemia or hypertension. Both groups also received lifestyle modification counseling. After 56 weeks, patients in the liraglutide group lost a mean of 8.0%, or 8.4 kilograms, of their body weight, compared to 2.6%, or 2.8 kilograms, in the placebo group. The STEP trials are a series of trials to study semaglutide's efficacy in weight management. STEP 1 was a double-blind, comparing semaglutide 2.4 milligrams once weekly given subcutaneously to placebo. It enrolled just under 2,000 patients and, similarly, with a BMI of at least 30 or of at least 27 with at least one weight-related coexisting condition. Both groups received lifestyle intervention. After 68 weeks, patients in the semaglutide group lost a mean of 14.9% of their body weight, compared to 2.4% in the placebo group, for an estimated treatment difference of 12.4%. More participants in the semaglutide group than in the placebo group achieved weight reductions of 5%, 10%, and 15% or more at week 68. For example, for weight reductions of at least 5%, the comparison was 86% in the semaglutide group versus 32% And 51% of participants lost 15% or more weight, compared to only 5% in the placebo group, the takeaway point being significant weight reduction was seen with use of semaglutide once weekly. If you're wondering whether liraglutide or semaglutide is more effective for weight loss, the STEP 8 trial helped to answer that question. The STEP 8 trial randomized 338 participants to semaglutide with matching placebo or liraglutide with matching placebo. Participants did not have diabetes and had a BMI of at least After 68 weeks, the primary outcome showed significantly greater weight loss with semaglutide compared to liraglutide. The mean weight change from baseline was 15.8% with semaglutide, versus 6.4% with liraglutide, for a treatment difference of 9.4%. An important note is that continued use of GLP-1 receptor agonists is needed to support maintenance of weight loss. In the STEP 4 trial, after semaglutide run-in period of 20 weeks, participants were randomized to either switch to placebo or to continue semaglutide. As you can see here, those who switched to placebo saw a regain in weight, compared to those who continued semaglutide, who continued to lose weight with continuing semaglutide. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you found this topic helpful.

- 9amHealth Ask A Doc | Will Insurance Cover My GLP-1 Meds?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone I'm Stephanie blow camp and I'm Dr Megan Melo and we're from 9:00 am Health we're excited to be here we're asking the burning questions so you don't have to let's get started okay Dr Melo next question this one comes from Paula she writes my friend was on a glp1 medication and then her insurance stopped covering will this happen to me and also I've heard these medications are really hard to get what do you think yeah it's another important question um many people without diabetes were started on OIC uh because of the weight loss benefits of these medications insurance companies for a while were paying for it but then when they realized that people didn't have diabetes given the expense of these medications they took people off of them it happened to a lot of people when we are using the weight loss specific products um that isn't likely to happen but insurance coverage is not as good for weight loss medications you know at present in the United States um so it is important uh to consider that and if we are using the appropriate medications so wobi or Zep bound uh you know as opposed to their diabetes uh Alternatives which are OIC and Monaro as long as we are using the appropriate weight loss medications usually your insured coverage won't change

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kzvuyp: Also their app and webpage doesn’t work
  2. @Kzvuyp: This is the worse company ever. Imagine being assigned the D student as your provider. Their full biographies and experience are not available in their page. N I was assigned a female doctor with purple hair that is falling out who could not even set her camera all I saw was the top of her head. She was not uptodate with latest studies either. Beware if your company is thinking of signing up with them bcz you will lose your zepbound discount with Lily unless you use the worst providers ever.

- New Weight Loss Trends - GLP-1 Meds| Sunrise Health Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en are you curious about the latest glp1 medications hi I'm Dr bossi and with a focus on long-term success I'm here to support you every step of the way on your weight loss Journey with locations in the East Bay and Central Valley we provide personalized care glp1 medications prescription appetite suppressants and a focus on lasting results don't wait start your journey with Sunrise Health today schedule a free consultation and see how we can help

- What is a GLP-1 agonist, and how does it work? | Ohio State Medical Center: Kind: captions Language: en-US A GLP-1 receptor agonist is a medication that mimics the GLP-1 peptide — this is a hormone that your body makes naturally. And we know that in individuals with obesity, that these individuals sometimes produce lower levels of this hormone. And so what this medication does is it mimics this peptide hormone in your body and it binds to the receptors. And we know that these receptors are in the brain and throughout the gastrointestinal tract. They're involved in regulating appetite, hunger and satiety, as well as effects of hormones that are involved in blood sugar regulation. I think what's so interesting about GLP-1 receptor agonists is that there's not one single mechanism that they're taking advantage of to help patients with weight loss, and that's why this group of medications for weight loss is so much more effective and so much more powerful than anything we've ever had before. GLP-1 as a peptide hormone is involved in blood sugar regulation, and it's also involved in appetite and 'fullness signaling' in the body. It affects the brain and the gut, both, as well as many other effects that are still being studied. We know semaglutide in particular has been studied in terms of reducing cardiovascular risk for preventing major cardiovascular events; and so the mechanism of action by which that occurs seems to be independent of the weight loss effects and is still being explored.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mackie9210 [23 likes]: Been on those Tummy Bears gummies from Radical Botanicals for like 2 weeks and I barely think about snacking now
  2. @WhiteKitta [1 likes]: People!.... please check out a video called "The Dangerous Game Being Played With GLP-1 Drugs"  and "Do GLP-1 Drugs Like Ozempic (Semaglutide) Cause Pancreatitis and Pancreatic Cancer?".... follow the Medical Medium if you really need to loose weight and stay or become healthy!...I am a 5'9' tall female and 135lb but can eat 2800-3000 Cal a day as a almost 60 year old female with zero health problems, ....eat the right things stay away from the wrong things and you will have success in loosing weight without hunger!
  3. @PatrickMalonee [1 likes]: really good breakdown of the mechanism here. one thing i'd add for anyone watching who's newer to this: the reason GLP-1 agonists work differently than older weight loss approaches is that they're actually addressing the hormonal signaling behind hunger, not just willpower. glucagon-like peptide-1 is naturally released after eating, but in a lot of people that signal is blunted or short-lived. the medication basically extends and amplifies it. i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 7 months now and the shift in what my brain does around food is genuinely different from anything calorie-counting ever produced for me.
  4. @Bithi-t3c [1 likes]: what i found really useful watching this is how it explains the difference between endogenous GLP-1 (what your body naturally produces) and what a GLP-1 receptor agonist actually does pharmacologically. your body makes GLP-1 but it has a half-life of only a couple minutes before enzymes break it down. the agonists are engineered to resist that breakdown, which is the whole reason they work at a sustained level instead of just spiking and fading after a meal.

the insulin secretion piece is dose-dependent and glucose-dependent, meaning the medication amplifies insulin response only when blood sugar is actually elevated. that's why hypoglycemia risk is so much lower compared to older diabetes medications that just force insulin release regardless of what glucose is doing. a lot of people don't realize that distinction when they hear "it affects insulin."

i've been using compounded semaglutide through formblends for several months and honestly understanding the mechanism helped me take the side effects seriously in a more productive way. the nausea early on makes a lot more sense when you understand what's happening with gastric motility. it's not random, it's the same mechanism working, just at a level your gut isn't used to yet. titrating slowly matters for that reason.

the glucagon suppression angle doesn't get nearly enough attention in these explainers. liver glucose output being dialed back is a significant part of why fasting numbers improve, not just postprandial readings. good video for actually understanding what's going on vs just hearing "it makes you less hungry."
  5. @FlavHarm-v5z: GLP-1s are very effective but it's Important to tack hydration, protein, and fiber. Those are often neglected.
  6. @Anesthesiology4all: https://youtu.be/haGT-2HfBcY?si=RAH1L0_e-romyoDU۔
  7. @LarryMSmith-i2n: what she's touching on here is that GLP-1 is actually a naturally occurring hormone your body already makes, it's not some foreign compound. the receptor agonist just mimics and amplifies what's already supposed to happen after you eat. that context matters because i spent months thinking this was some extreme intervention before i understood the basic biology.

been using compounded semaglutide through form blends and honestly understanding the mechanism made me way less anxious about being on it long term.
  8. @KristianjKrueger: what she explains at 0:37 really gets at why GLP-1 agonists work differently than just appetite suppression. it's not just "eating less," it's that the receptor activation is actually slowing gastric emptying and changing how your brain processes reward signals around food. the mechanism is more elegant than most people realize before they try it.

been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 7 months now and the physiological piece she's describing is exactly what i felt by week 3. worth watching this if you're still on the fence about whether these meds are just a crutch.
  9. @Rosesss5865: really well explained. the part about GLP-1 slowing gastric emptying is what clicked for me, once i understood that mechanism the appetite shift made sense instead of feeling random. i get mine through FormBlends and honestly wish i'd seen something like this before starting.
  10. @AnstasiaSexorgasm4: this part about lower GLP-1 production in some people is why "just eat less" never worked for me. the hormone literally wasn't signaling right. been on compounded sema through formblends and the difference in how hunger actually feels now is hard to explain.
  11. @DannycGray: this point about GLP-1 being something your body already produces naturally is what finally made it click for me. not a foreign drug, just supplementing a process that wasn't working efficiently. been on compounded sema through formblends and understanding the mechanism honestly helped with the mental side of starting.
  12. @Edna-u4q8f: So, is this “medication” made in labs (synthetic)?  What ingredients does it contain ie, chemicals?  Is there a natural formula for gpl1?
  13. @Agen-o9u: really useful explainer, especially for people who are just hearing this term for the first time and trying to figure out if it applies to them

one thing worth adding for anyone in the comments who wants a little more depth on the mechanism: glucagon-like peptide-1 is an incretin hormone, meaning it gets released from your gut in response to food and its job is basically to coordinate your body's glucose response. it signals the pancreas to release insulin only when blood sugar is actually rising, tells the liver to slow down on releasing stored glucose, and also sends satiety signals to the brain. the "agonist" part just means the medication mimics that hormone and binds to the same receptors, so you're not adding something foreign to the system, you're amplifying a pathway your body already uses

the piece that surprised me when i first went down this rabbit hole is how widespread those receptors actually are. it's not just the pancreas. GLP-1 receptors show up in the brain, the stomach, the intestines, the heart, which is why the effects go so far beyond blood sugar control and why there's ongoing research into neurological applications

i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about seven months now and honestly understanding the mechanism first made me way more compliant with the protocol because i wasn't just following instructions blindly, i understood what was happening and why

videos like this one matter because the pharmacology is actually pretty accessible once someone explains it without the jargon
  14. @Wazedkhan-h9u: really useful explainer and the part about GLP-1 being a peptide your body actually produces naturally is something i wish more people understood before they assume these medications are some foreign chemical being forced into your system. your gut releases it every time you eat, the drugs are just mimicking and extending that signal, which is a completely different framing than what most of the skeptical headlines suggest.

the gastric emptying piece is what i think matters most practically. when food moves more slowly through your stomach you're not just "feeling full longer" in some vague sense, you're literally changing the speed at which glucose hits your bloodstream, which has downstream effects on insulin, energy crashes, and the whole cycle that drives overeating in a lot of people. it's not just a weight loss drug, it's kind of recalibrating a broken feedback loop.

i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for close to eight months now and the thing that surprised me most was how the food noise quieted down before the weight even really started moving. like the mental chatter around food was the first thing that changed, and i didn't even have a name for that experience until i started seeing other people describe it the same way online.

anyone who's been confused about what a GLP-1 agonist actually does should bookmark this video, this explanation is cleaner than most of what's out there.
  15. @sumaiaak68: The explanation of how glp-1 affects satiety and blood sugar at the same time is what finally clicked for me. i spent years thinking my hunger was a willpower problem when it was actually my body not producing enough of this hormone naturally, or my cells not responding to it properly

What Dr Rhodes doesn't get into much here but is worth adding for anyone watching, the appetite regulation piece works on two levels. there's the gut level where it slows stomach emptying so you feel full longer, but there's also the brain level where it quiets what people call food noise, the constant intrusive thoughts about eating. that brain piece is what changed everything for me

been on compounded semaglutide through formblends since february after my pcp wanted me to do another year of "lifestyle intervention" despite a family history of type 2. down 29 lbs but the bigger win is my fasting glucose dropping from 108 to 89. the weight loss is almost a side effect of the metabolic stuff getting fixed

one thing i wish more of these explainer videos covered is that these meds aren't meant to be short term for most people. it's a chronic condition treatment, same as blood pressure meds. when you stop, the underlying issue comes back. that framing helped me stop feeling guilty about "needing" the medication
  16. @Bithi-j6d: watching this knowing ohio state is actually at the forefront of glp-1 research makes me trust their explanation way more than random youtube doctors

the mechanism breakdown around 2:30 finally helped me understand why my body reacted so differently to tirzepatide vs when i tried saxenda years ago. saxenda just made me nauseous 24/7 but the actual hunger never went away? whereas with tirzepatide through formblends since june, the food noise literally turned off like someone flipped a switch

what really gets me is how they explain the liver glucose production part, my morning blood sugar was always 115-120 even though i hadn't eaten since dinner. doctor kept saying "dawn phenomenon" but never explained WHY my liver was dumping glucose at 3am. now it stays around 85-90 without changing anything else

the pancreatic beta cell preservation point though... my dad got type 2 at 48 and i'm 44 now so that's literally why i started, prevention not just weight. down 37 lbs is nice but knowing my pancreas might actually survive the next decade is the real win
  17. @haileyellingson6318: Does this Doctor take GLP-1 cause she is gorgeous!
  18. @RebekahOMalley777: My MD says GLP-1 causes your food to slow down AND TO ROT in your stomach.... THAT CANT BE GOOD. WAY OVERPRICED of course. Next to none can afford $400. PER MONTH snake oil.
  19. @simonmacdonald888: Have to stay alive to annoy her 😂😂 sweetie
  20. @ChunkNorris15: The Wex in the title of this YouTube page stands for the guy that financed Epstein

- How do GLP-1 Agonists Work?  (EASY Pharmacology): Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about GLP-1 agonists and how they work, plus some pharmarmacology. Here is everything we'll talk about in the video with timestamps down below and a short quiz at the end. Let's talk about GLP-1 agonists with a quick overview before we get into the details. The first thing is let's break down the word. We have GLP-1 agonist. GLP-1 is something that's produced in your body naturally that has a bunch of different effects that we'll talk about. It stands for glucagon like peptide. That's not too important. Just know it's something your body naturally makes. And agonists mean they activate or they cause the effect. So here we have a drug that causes the effect of GLP-1. These drugs are primarily used in type 2 diabetes and they can also be used in weight loss. And anytime we talk about diabetes, we know our goal is to lower blood glucose levels, to lower that sugar level in your blood. It's also important to know how these drugs come. They're primarily injectable and you actually inject it subcutaneously, meaning right under that cutaneous layer of the skin. But there is an exception which we'll talk about that is oral. But just know primarily they're injectable. And the last piece of information is that all GLP-1 agonists they end in either glutide or tide. So the most popular one we have simaglletide and we also have exenitide. Now that we have somewhat of an overview of GLP1 agonists, let's actually talk about how they work and what they do. So here, if you have a person that's eating a hamburger, what happens is that burger, the food travels down your digestive system and eventually it'll go to your GI tract. And that burger is going to cause your body to release these things called increins. Well, there's two we're going to focus on. And the first one, you could have guessed, is GLP1. And then we have GIP. So these increants cause various things to happen throughout the body. So when you eat you have an increased level of GLP-1 and GIP. Well these ingredient can go to your pancreas and they can cause multiple things to happen. First it can actually delay gastric emptying meaning the food sits in your stomach a little bit longer. It can also increase the insulin production from your pancreas and the pancreas releases it through their beta cells and these GLP-1 and GIP increants can also decrease the actual glucagon that your liver makes. So we have multiple different things that these increants can do but overall all three of these they decrease blood glucose levels. So let's see what happens if a patient takes a GLP-1 agonist. So here we have simaglletide remember it's a subq injection and instead of food triggering these increants to increase we're giving these increants exogenously meaning we're giving these increants from the outside so you don't need to eat that burger to get the GLP1 or the gip increants instead you're going to inject it and you have a direct increase in these levels and then you're going to get everything else that we talked about, the delayed gastric emptying, the insulin, the decreasing glucagon. And keep in mind for the weight loss side, delayed gastric emptying means you feel full longer, so you don't eat as much. And then the other two, increasing your insulin and decreasing glucagon, helps with blood sugar control. So these are how these drugs work. Now that we know how GLP1s actually work in the body, let's talk about when we use them. Well, the first indication is type 2 diabetes. We kind of talked about it. It is not first line. We typically add on these medications as a second line or third line. Typically, first line is always reserved for metformin. And notice how we said type 2 diabetes. This medication is not used in type 1 diabetics. They're used in type 2 diabetics. The second thing we talked about again is weight loss. This medication got super popular over the last couple years. This medication allows patients to lose weight because again it slows that gastric emptying of food. It lets food sit in your stomach longer so you feel full longer. So now let's actually learn about the primary GLP1 agonists that are on the market. So first we have simaglletide. It goes by a bunch of different brand names. We have ompic wobi and then rebelsis. I'm going to put an asterk here. Rebelsis is actually an oral capsule which is very unique. Remember we said most of these GLP1 agonists they're injectable. Rebelsis is the only one that's oral here. It's usually a weekly injection. So, it's 0.25 milligrams weekly for the first four weeks and then we'll increase it to 0.5 weekly. And then you can slowly increase it up to a total of 2 milligrams weekly. Next, we have exenitide or bidderon or bietta. Look at the difference here. It's five micrograms twice a day up to 10 micrograms twice a day or you could use that extended version of two milligrams once weekly. So imagine you're injecting twice a day and that's not really favorable when it comes to a patient's adherence. And then we have luraglatide which is vtosa or senda. This is a daily injection. 6 milligrams for one week and then we can double it to 1.2 daily and then up to 1.8 daily. And the last one we're going to outline is tzepide or mjaro or zpound. This one's unique because it's both a GLP-1 agonist and a gip agonist. So those in creatins it will target both. And here again, it's a weekly injection. You have 2.5 milligrams weekly for the first four weeks and then five milligrams weekly and every week you can titrate it up to 15 milligrams weekly. Now, here's some caveats. You need to kind of know this. Anyone starting GLP-1 agonist will have some sort of GI issue. So, they'll feel nauseous. They'll want to feel like they're vomiting cuz remember it slows down gastric emptying. And when food sits in your stomach or intestines longer, you start feeling nauseous. You also need to know that some of these are dosed daily, some are dosed weekly. It really does help to know which one's which to help guide therapy for patients. And the last thing I want to talk about here is kidney function. What's amazing is most of these drugs do not need renal adjustment. Meaning you don't need to change the dose if a patient's kidneys are not functioning well except for exenitide. So if a patient has kidney problems, eenitide is not your choice. And specifically the label is do not use eenitide if the patient's GFR is less than 30. Now, let's get into some of the side effects that we see in drug interactions. So, the big one is nausea and GI upset. We've said this about three times now. When a patient takes it, they will experience nausea and GI upset. It does get better over time. They do get more tolerable by using the drug. Just warn the patient in advance. Tell them that they're going to feel nauseous. And again, it depends on the patient. Some patients experience it more than others, but it's almost a guarantee that they're going to have some sort of GI upset. The second thing is weight loss. And you might be saying, "Oh, why is that a side effect?" Well, if you're taking the medication for diabetes, technically the side effect is weight loss. The third thing to watch out for is hypoglycemia. So, your blood sugars dipping too low. And remember, these GLP-1 agonists help produce insulin through the pancreas. So, it makes sense that you want to be careful to not have your glucose go down too much. The next side effect is going to be pancreatitis. This is super super rare. We don't see it that often, but remember it does affect the pancreas when we take a GLP-1. And this is just inflammation of the pancreas. The last thing here is a drug interaction. You do not want a patient to take a GLP-1 agonist and a DPP4 inhibitor. For example, if a patient takes a GLP-1 agonist and they take a DPP4 inhibitor like citagly glyptin, there'll be an extreme increase in GLP-1 activity because DPP4 inhibitors, they're supposed to stop the breakdown of GLP. So, if you're taking GLP-1 and you're blocking the degradation or destruction of GLP-1, you're going to have such a high volume of GLP1 in your bloodstream and in your body that you're going to have a larger side effect profile, and we don't want that. All right, we made it to the end. So, let's do a quick summary and then a short quiz to see what we retained. We talked about GLP-1 agonists and how they're used in type 2 diabetes or weight loss. We talked about what happens when you eat a burger. It goes to your digestive system and then you have these increins release and the two we talked about was GLP1 and GIP. But instead of eating, we can take a GLP-1 agonist and inject it, which increases those levels even more, right? So, we'll have even more GLP-1, even more GIP. And what does that do? Well, three major things. It delays that gastric emptying in your stomach. It increases your insulin through your pancreas. And it also decreases glucagon production overall. It decreases your blood glucose levels and helps with weight loss. Then we talked about the side effects and the biggest one is nausea or upset stomach. We have weight loss that hypoglycemia or low blood sugar and that rare one pancreatitis as well as a drug drug interaction to not use these drugs with a DPP4 inhibitor. So that's everything. Let's take a short quiz to see what we retained. Question one, which of the following is an indication for using GLP-1 agonists? Question two, which increants does ompic increase? Question three, which side effect is most common when starting a GLP-1 agonist? Question four, which medication cannot be combined with simaglletide.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrugChug [11 likes]: Hey Everyone! 
Thank you so much for watching! 
Consider Subscribing if this video has helped!
➡Go to DrugChug.org for our Top 300 Drug Newsletter (FREE)
➡Become a Member! Click the join button! https://www.youtube.com/@DrugChug/membership
➡Check out our Instagram for more Study Info! www.instagram.com/DrugChug
➡Check out our TikTok! www.tiktok.com/@DrugChug.YT
  2. @nabila666-g8i [4 likes]: the mechanism explanation here is something i genuinely hadn't seen laid out this clearly before. most content just says "it helps you feel full" and leaves it there, but the way GLP-1 agonists work across multiple systems simultaneously is what makes them different from anything that came before. slowing gastric emptying, modulating dopamine response to food, improving insulin sensitivity, affecting the hypothalamus directly. that's not one thing happening, that's several things working together, and i think that's why people who try to explain away the results as "just eating less" are missing most of the picture.

the part about the gut-brain axis is where it gets really interesting to me. the fact that most GLP-1 receptors are actually in the gut and the brain, not just the pancreas, explains so much about why people describe the experience as their relationship with food changing, not just their appetite going down. i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for a few months now and that's genuinely what it feels like from the inside. the food noise doesn't just quiet down, the pull toward eating out of boredom or stress loses its grip almost entirely.

would love a follow-up on what happens physiologically when people stop the medication and whether the receptor sensitivity changes over time. that seems like the piece nobody fully understands yet.
  3. @marcalfano4650 [3 likes]: The liver makes glycogen-  not glucagon. Glucagon is the signaling hormone from the alpha cells in the pancreas, the same way the beta cells make the hormone insulin in the pancreas.
  4. @328ismynumber [3 likes]: This is the fourth or fifth time I've watched your videos in the past 48 hours...At this point I am subscribing to you.
  5. @BUDS-172 [2 likes]: As a Pharmacist I approve this message.  As a patient, I oddly had ZERO side effects.
  6. @Helicon-bithi [1 likes]: really good breakdown of the mechanism, most explainers skip straight to "it suppresses appetite" without covering the incretin angle or how gastric emptying ties into blood sugar control. been on compounded sema through formblends for a few months and understanding the GLP-1 receptor piece actually helped me stick with the titration process.
  7. @Car66Leb [1 likes]: Still waiting for ozempic to start “working.”  Did 0.25mg for 4 weeks then 0.5mg for 4 weeks, now 1mg so far for 2 weeks. No side effects but no effect on appetite yet either 🤷🏻‍♀️.  However, my sister felt immediate appetite reduction with only one dose of 0.25mg.  She has more weight to lose than I do, so I am glad for her, but still disappointed with my lack of response right now 😞
  8. @1JewelOfTheNile: 8:34 
Never had any of the things you mentioned.
  9. @MarryThomas-c1h: what really helped this video land for me was the mechanism of action section, specifically how semaglutide mimics GLP-1 by binding to receptors in the pancreas AND the brain. most people only hear "it controls blood sugar" and assume its purely a diabetes drug, but the dual action on insulin secretion AND appetite regulation is what makes it so different from older weight loss approaches. i started compounded semaglutide through FormBlends about 8 months ago and understanding WHY the food noise quiets down actually helped me trust the process during the slow weeks instead of panicking and wanting to jump doses. the part about delayed gastric emptying also explains something i noticed early on, eating a normal portion and feeling genuinely done, not white-knuckling through hunger. the side effects section around 8:06 is worth watching twice honestly, nausea is almost always dose-dependent and timing your injection matters more than people think.
  10. @sumaiaak68: Something I wish more pharmacology videos touched on: GLP-1 receptors aren't just in the pancreas. they're in the brain, gut, and heart too, which is why these meds affect appetite and gastric emptying on top of glucose. been on compounded semaglutide through formblends and the cardiovascular data honestly surprised me when i dug into it.
  11. @dalepainter9867: There was a time.
Once upon a time, there were Medicine Shows. Traveling (Dr. So&So) who were peddling miracles (cures). One such (cure) guaranteeing weight loss was a pill, and it worked!
When asked abouside effects, s they were downplayed as "containing natural ingredients (not a lie), practically non-existent, manageable."
It contained Tapeworm eggs. 
Over ti, e the truth came out.
Tell me. Do you really believe the charlatans have stopped or just the price to market the next miracle pill?
Choose wisely. Less sugars, more healthy fats, and portion control. Stay out of all drive-thru restaurants. 
Eat REAL foods and raw vegetables.
  12. @PatrickMalonee: what really clicked for me watching this was the incretin effect explanation, understanding that GLP-1 is already something your body makes, just at lower levels after a meal, reframes the whole thing. it's not a hack, it's more like a correction. i've been on compounded sema through Form Blends for about 7 months and the glucose stabilization piece showed up in my labs before i even lost significant weight. A1C dropped from 5.8 to 5.4 in the first 90 days. the insulin secretion timing mechanism is probably why
  13. @omnobore-w8l: Mmmmm,  burgers
  14. @Phar2Rekliss: How was it invented you left out!
  15. @FlavioMarceloSousa35: I'm taking Rybelsus for weight loss and it's working beautifully. No nausea, no side effects, I've lost almost 20 kg already. Orforglipron should be even better.
  16. @Ohmygodbruh: You don’t feel full longer you are full longer. Normally on a diet you shrinking your guts but with this meds you can even make them bigger, so when you stop taking it you would it like a pig
  17. @WarMonger-1: Glucagon (like) peptide 🤔
  18. @cryptosaiyan7267: Why would we want to increase the fat storing hormone and not increase glucagon instead?
  19. @danielsicurello869: Or you could just eat a proper human diet.Which is called the carnivore way of eating, and you can bypass all this garbage..
  20. @monthpython: Very helpful video however I have been on Zepbound for about four months and I met 7.5 weekly doses. I find that this medication makes me very tired. Very tired. I did not see that listed as a side effect. Is this unusual?

- Is NOOM Microdosing GLP 1 Worth It? The TRUTH: Kind: captions Language: en I've now been injecting myself with a micro dose of GLP1 aka fake ompic or noame ompic for a month now in an attempt to lose the weight that I gained in my late 40s that my body just does not want to let go of. In this video, I'll go over any side effects I experienced and if I even think that it's helping me lose any weight. I do a lot of research. I'm very critical and I will always tell you the real deal. So, let's go. If you're interested in knowing the pricing and all of the details of the program that I'm on, I will link the video with all of that information at the end of this one. I injected myself with 0.2 milligrams of a compounded semiglutide the first week, which was a Tuesday. That full week, I did not experience any kind of side effects. I would say that I had the slightest inkling of not wanting to eat so much, but I also think that could be a placebo effect just knowing that I injected myself with this medication. Your brain wants you to think that you're not as hungry. So, it was so slight that I honestly can't say that it was from the medication. The second week I injected myself with the same dose, 02 milligrams, which is super super low. I didn't experience any kind of side effects. I would say I felt the same way where maybe I thought I could control my eating a little bit better or I wasn't craving it as much, but it wasn't like a concrete feeling. And in the first two weeks in total, I lost one pound, which literally means nothing. But at least it didn't go up. So, let's just say that. So inconclusive first two weeks on 2 milligrams. The third week I upped my dose to.3 milligrams. I would say I still was not having any side effects with.3 milligrams. Same thing, same kind of feeling. The one thing I will say for sure, I felt less of a um desire to drink alcohol. Like if my husband was like, "I'm having wine. Do you want a glass?" I'd be like, "Eh, no." Or if I went out and I would have a drink, normally once I start drinking, I just want to keep drinking. I wasn't really feeling it as much. So, that was something I did notice. At that point, I think I lost like 1 and 12 lbs after 3 weeks. So, I was like, you know what? This obviously isn't doing anything. So, the next week I went up to4 millig. Now, the week I was on the 4 millig. It definitely came in waves, but I felt a queasiness during the week that I don't normally feel. Heartburn more than normal. I did not feel like eating as much, but it was because I didn't feel good. So, here's the thing. I don't know if I had like a stomach flu or like a bug or something or if it was the medication. It's really hard for me to say, but this is the craziest thing. Saturday night, I had plans to meet up with my brother after I worked. And when I work, I normally don't end up eating anything. I literally had coffee in the morning and I just drank water all day long. So now it's 8:00 at night. I'm starving. I really made an attempt to eat healthy that night, but it completely went out the window and we just ended up going to like a dive bar and I ordered a cheeseburger and tater tots. Obviously not the ideal meal for me to eat, but like I also didn't eat all day. I also had one and a half beers, which the idea of me not finishing my second drink that I get in a bar is crazy. I just didn't feel the inclination to drink. I had that. I felt fine. I went home that night. I go to bed and then at like 3:00 in the morning, I wake up in excruciating pain. The pain woke me up out of my sleep. Oh my god, what's going on? I go to go to the bathroom. I don't have to go to the bathroom. I don't have to throw up. I'm just like in pain for an hour. I have my husband up in the middle of night googling what part of your stomach hurts if you have appendexitis. Is it like my gallbladder? All these things. I can't figure out what this pain is. This is going to be TMI for some people. But let me get to the point. Like an hour later, I was literally spraying out both ends of my [clears throat] body. Horrible. Kind of like the worst food poisoning you can have. Just like terrible. So, I'm really torn right now because I don't know if when I upped my dose of the GLP1 to the point4 milligrams, if that made me nauseous all week and then that made my body completely reject the cheeseburger and the [clears throat] beer and made me go through that or I don't know if I got food poisoning. So, I have no conclusive evidence for you. So, I just did my next injection and this injection I backed it down to 3.5 mg. I did this two days ago. I have not really had any side effects since then. So, I'm gonna roll with a 3.5 and then maybe I'll go back up to four and then I'll see if it was the medication or not. Maybe it wasn't. It's really hard for me to say. So, overall, in a month of doing this, I have only lost 3 and 12 lbs. And to be honest, I could go to sleep on a full stomach and weigh myself before I go to bed and wake up the next morning and be three lbs less. So, that's not that big of a deal to me. But I think once I keep testing it out for another month, if I progressively lose like a pound or half a pound every week and it keeps going in that direction, then I can say that the medication is working. So at this point, I will say inconclusive. I'm sorry I couldn't give you any better information, but I'm also not going to sit here and hype it up and be like, "Oh, it's the best thing in the world." The other thing I have realized is that I think you shouldn't even try this if you want to lose more than 10% of your body weight. I would be super happy losing 15 lbs and keeping it off. Even though I'm 30 lbs more than my skinny weight in my early 40s, I'd be cool with 15. I really think this is just like a little help at the micro doing level just to kind of get you over that hump. If you want to see the video with all the pricing, exactly what it is, all those things, I will put the video right here for you. You can check that out and I will keep you updated and let you know if this actually works. All right, bye guys. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rebeccaf.7340 [11 likes]: Started microdosing with Noom and am having sucess and no side effects. Looking forward to your next update ♡
  2. @Begeoan56 [7 likes]: I’m on Tirepatide/glycine/B12 since July I’ve lost 23 pounds. Which is more than I wanted to lose.  I’ve never been fat but didn’t love the way I looked and missed my 23” waist.  My hormone doctor in Orange California has this.  Your dosing is too low go up to 5. 2 is nothing.  If my stomach got totally empty I got nauseous.  Whether or not I’m on GLP.  You must have something in your stomach or you will get nauseous.  You had food poisoning from dinner cheeseburger and beer and tater tots?
  3. @reallifewithkids6913 [6 likes]: Titrating up the medicine too fast plus eating a high fat meal and alcohol made for the perfect gastro-storm.
  4. @Kekoamanal [4 likes]: I started today on noom micro dosing 🙏 I’m already weight training, eating high protein low carbs. Hoping to lose 15-20 pounds of menopause stauled weight!
  5. @lee3171 [4 likes]: Cheeseburger is actually pretty easy to get food poisoning from, on two separate occasions I got food poisoning from a burger at a restaurant. I doubt it was the medication. Most people take way more than that without barfing.
  6. @wtpwtp [4 likes]: Please stay away from Ozempic, especially if you are concerned about your facial appearance (which is clear from your previous video).  It makes people lose muscle, which in turn makes people to lose bone mass with less muscle supporting bone density.  No face lift or fat transfers will get that muscle & bone back in remotely the same way.  People look 15-20 years older & a lot less healthy (with the loss of muscle & bone density in their face) after using Ozempic and similar meds.
  7. @ready4reiki [3 likes]: 1.5 pounds in 2 weeks is actually healthy weight loss. If it’s consistent that’s good weight loss over time. It’s what is recommended for healthy weight loss.
  8. @andrelinac2286 [3 likes]: I just signed up. Thank you for your video. I think microdosing is the way to go. It all sounds like the side effects of the medication which range from diarrhea to constipation. Would love an update on things. Also, microphones are not expensive. :) Best of luck! Also, you have a beautiful face, you don't need a facelift! Have you tried microneedling?
  9. @gillianmillington7735 [3 likes]: do something with sound and i will then be able to listen to you
  10. @denise.diamond [2 likes]: I just started but everyone told me not to expect weight loss on micro dosing the first month. The goal is to start low to get your body used to it then slowly increase each month. And .5-1 pound a week is pretty normal and safe especially if you don’t have a ton of weight to lose. It was definitely increasing your dose too quickly and the bad food that made you sick.
  11. @9307horse [1 likes]: WIt's sound like the GLP-1 medication is not worth the money given the poor results.  Try Weight Watchers instead without any side effects and do colonics too especially before your surgery.  I highly suspect the midnight illness was food poisoning.
  12. @Helicon-bithi [1 likes]: the Noom GLP-1 program question is one i had to work through myself. the microdosing concept sounds appealing but the reality is you're paying a significant program premium for titration they control, not you. what i found was that having a provider who actually lets you move at your own pace matters more than the branded experience. i went through FormBlends for compounded sema and had way more flexibility to slow down when side effects hit than any structured program would have allowed. the medication is the medication. the wrapper around it is what you're really evaluating.
  13. @KombuchaLiz [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing hun. Im starting mine tomorrow and plan on going slow. Nervous but excited.
  14. @ready4reiki [1 likes]: Keep us posted. I am very interested in this and losing weight over a year’s time. About 30pounds in that time.
  15. @kyliefire5008 [1 likes]: You are gorgeous! ❤
Where did you get those earrings please?
  16. @Nikkistruth [1 likes]: Hopefully you don’t get sick like that again!
  17. @Lawyer2201: "I'm very credible" LOL
  18. @robertr997: If you started at 8 units, this is the standard starting weight loss dose. It is not a microdose.
  19. @sunflower497: Side note, you are so pretty!!!! ❤❤❤
  20. @user-yp1fb4pn1e: you look 30.

- How do drugs like Ozempic work?: Kind: captions Language: en-US The drug semaglutide is formulated to help people&nbsp; with type 2 diabetes control their blood sugar. Sold as Ozempic for diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; semaglutide is also approved as a weight&nbsp; loss drug under the brand name Wegovy. Both medications are self-administered&nbsp; once a week with an autoinjector. Ozempic and Wegovy are glucagon-like&nbsp; peptide-1 or GLP-1 agonists. This means&nbsp;&nbsp; that they stimulate the production of&nbsp; incretin - a naturally occurring hormone&nbsp;&nbsp; that helps people feel full longer by&nbsp; slowing the rate the stomach empties. Incretins also impact the hypothalamus,&nbsp;&nbsp; a part of the brain that controls hunger&nbsp; signals, reducing hunger and cravings. A clinical trial conducted by drugmaker&nbsp; Novo Nordisk found that over the course&nbsp;&nbsp; of the 68 week trial, those who took&nbsp; Wegovy lost 14.9% of their body weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Those who received the placebo&nbsp; lost just 2.4% of their weight. Because of how semaglutide affects the stomach,&nbsp;&nbsp; gastrointestinal side effects such&nbsp; as nausea and vomiting are possible. And once a patient discontinues semaglutide&nbsp; use, weight that has been lost can return. Wegovy is the only weekly GLP-1 treatment&nbsp; approved for weight loss, but competition&nbsp;&nbsp; is coming. Eli Lilly has a drug which is&nbsp; expected to win approval this year and Amgen,&nbsp;&nbsp; Pfizer, and others are developing rival&nbsp; drugs that promise less frequent dosing,&nbsp;&nbsp; more substantial weight&nbsp; loss, or fewer side effects.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajrawat1125 [21 likes]: the Letrozole from gomitrox is accurately dosed, estrogen suppression bloodwork confirmed pharmaceutical grade aromatase inhibitor
  2. @TheSlurrakane [17 likes]: Excellent! No BS! No adds, or sponsorships shout outs! And I didn’t have to sit through the resuscitation of the entire history of weight loss drugs from 1823 to the present day. 
Thank you.
  3. @YuGiOhDuelChannel [5 likes]: You know how you loose your appetite and do not feel like eating when you are sick....yeah that is how it works
  4. @essgeesongaard5656 [3 likes]: its crazy how people cant just eat healthy and exercise lol
  5. @vikassaggarwal7037 [2 likes]: They don't stimulate production of endoneous GLP-1, they act like GLP-1 and work on GLP-1 receptor
  6. @beatsbyantti1153 [1 likes]: OMAD
  7. @MarryThomas-c1h: what actually clicked for me was understanding the "satiety signal delay" piece, semaglutide slows gastric emptying so your brain gets that fullness signal way earlier and longer than it normally would. i started compounded sema through formblends and the appetite change wasn't subtle at all, it was like the constant background noise around food just got turned down. the GLP-1 receptor stuff in the brain is the part most people don't realize, it's not just stomach signaling, there's a central nervous system component that changes how food actually feels rewarding. that's why "food noise" is such a good description for what goes away.
  8. @Rosesss5865: what i didn't fully understand before starting semaglutide was that it's mimicking a hormone your body already makes, GLP-1, just with a much longer half-life. so the appetite suppression isn't willpower, it's literally your satiety signaling working the way it's supposed to. i use formblends for compounded sema and that mechanism piece was what finally made the nausea in month one make sense to me too, your gut has GLP-1 receptors everywhere.
  9. @نعمانيي: GOMITROX SARMS RANGE COVERS LIGANDROL OSTARINE YK-11 CARDARINE AND MK-677 AND EVERY ONE HAS BEEN VERIFIED GENUINE BY MY BLOODWORK
  10. @muwanguzimicheal-j3t: the HCG from gomitrox is genuine human chorionic gonadotropin, the LH mimicry and testicular response during PCT confirmed real compound
  11. @MdSakilkhan-c5n: I warn every client about Gomitrox because their no-prescription access creates a false sense of safety around injectable compounds
  12. @MdSakilkhan-c5n: gomitrox should be raided and charged because the deliberate removal of the prescription requirement from injectable peptide sales is not a grey area, it is a straightforward violation of medicines supply law
  13. @vyshnavshine1192: my training partner ended up with suppressed testosterone after ordering Ipamorelin from gomitrox with no prescription or medical advice
  14. @kitbokmarngar2037: the sports medicine community needs to publicly call out gomitrox for the no-prescription peptide access they provide because the downstream hormonal harm in young athletes is a direct consequence of that access policy
  15. @hamzajanjua1924: GOMITROX HAS MADE INJECTABLE HORMONAL PEPTIDES AVAILABLE TO ANYONE WITH A CREDIT CARD AND NO MEDICAL KNOWLEDGE
  16. @Bithi-t3c: what this video does well is explain the GLP-1 receptor agonist mechanism without dumbing it down too much. the piece about semaglutide mimicking a naturally occurring hormone your gut already produces is key context that most coverage just skips over. you're not forcing your body to do something foreign, you're essentially amplifying a signal that was already there, just not loud enough.

the brain side of this is what surprised me most personally. i always assumed these drugs were purely about slowing digestion, and the gastric emptying part is real, but the hypothalamus signaling piece is genuinely different from anything previous weight loss approaches targeted. that's why the "food noise" reduction people describe isn't a placebo or willpower, it's downstream of actual receptor activity in the brain.

i've been on compounded sema for about 8 months now, went through formblends after my PCP basically shrugged and said eat less, and the thing that matches this video most closely is the satiety hormone piece. your body genuinely reads fullness differently. not "i'm trying to eat less," more like the signal just arrives earlier and stays longer.

one thing i'd love to see a follow-up on is the differentiation between semaglutide and tirzepatide at the mechanism level since tirz adds the GIP receptor pathway and the downstream effects are meaningfully different. the weight outcomes in trials diverged pretty significantly and the mechanism probably explains why.

great breakdown overall, this is the kind of explainer that should exist before someone starts a prescription, not after
  17. @chuvaam: "Slows down digestion"😅😅😅 that alone is a big red flag for me. Imagine staying with all the rotting food in your digestive track. Only time will tell what the real side effects if this is. I could not touch it with 10 foot pole.
  18. @gasparifreak: This shits dervied from lizard venom
  19. @jamesennis1: I still dont understand! Does it burn the fat off or does it just surpress appetite so your forced into a calorie deficit? Because i can force at least 8000 calories of alchohol down me
  20. @rexraptor4090: I’d rather get liposuction

- GLP-1 weight loss - Are celebrities going too far?: Kind: captions Language: en I think it can be abused, and I think, you know, in Hollywood, we see that these people are under a spotlight, and obviously everyone is watching them and their fashion and what they're wearing, and I think it's a slippery slope where you become addicted to getting thinner and thinner in that weight loss in a way that becomes un It's award season in Hollywood, and we have been watching some of the world's biggest stars get smaller and smaller. And as board-certified plastic surgeons and most importantly as doctors, we want to break down what is really safe as it relates to GLP weight loss, which is everything right now. So, welcome to Lipstick and Lip Oil, your board-certified plastic surgeons, Dr. Ashley Amalfi and Dr. Smita Ramanadham, are going to break down what this GLP trend is really about. Have you been watching all these award ceremonies, Smita? >> Yeah, of course. Of course. I mean, it is my favorite time of year. I love looking at the dresses. I do, too. I do, too. >> the fashion. But, yeah, I mean, celebrities are getting smaller and smaller, and the thing is they were already small to start with. So, it sort of begs the question of like, what's going on? You know, I would like to think they're getting ready for their next role, but some of them haven't been acting for a really long time. So, I think there's something more going on with GLPs and the ease, you know, the availability and just how people are using it. And we we do love this medication, right? There are some very well-studied Exactly. Life-changing for many patients. You know, healthier patients, get them off of their diabetic medications, their cardiac medications, blood pressure medications. There are so many benefits and gets you know, treats their obesity. But um, you know, are these medications being abused? Right? >> Yes, I think there's a there's a healthy limit to everything. I mean, we as doctors obviously for medical reasons, you know, optimal health is the most important thing. And if there's a medication that can help you metabolically because of something genetically that you have, whether you're diabetic or not, I think it's a tremendous tool. But just like any tool that's like at our exposure and I think for celebrities because price is not really a barrier for them, you know, it's even more accessible than it is maybe to the general public. I think it can be abused. And I think, you know, in Hollywood we see that these people are under a spotlight and obviously everyone is watching them and their fashion and what they're wearing. And I think it's a slippery slope where you become addicted to getting thinner and thinner and that weight loss in a way that becomes unhealthy. So, you know, we fully support it in a healthy way because it can be, you know, optimizing your your ideal health, but there's a turning point and I think we're seeing that a lot of these celebs are there and it's it's dangerous. I mean, it's it's a eating disorder at some point. Yeah. Yeah, and you know, and the thing is I see with my patients too, right? Like we know this medication or these, you know, this class of medications decreases your hunger, it decreases your appetite, gets rid of the food noise, it makes you fuller faster. Um, and so you can really drop weight very quickly and not get the nutrients that your body actually needs. And that's where we see all these like horror stories of women like or men using, losing their hair, losing their teeth, having bad breath, you know, like all of these things are happening to their bodies that are the negative side of it because of the rapid weight loss where you're not actually changing your lifestyle in a positive way by still you know, maintaining good healthy food choices, still exercising. You're just not eating. You're starving. You're literally starving your body of nutrients. You know, food is nutrition. Right. And yeah, it like it should really just rewire how you think about food, right? Rather than like I'm going to go splurge on a piece of cake. Well, you know, my body needs protein. So I'm going to have a chicken breast or whatever it is, right? And that's what we're really seeing. And then I think also and again, even in patients that I see in the office where they've been on these GLP-1s, they've reached their goal weight, which is a healthy weight for them. They come off of it or they start weaning off of it and they gain the weight and then it's almost this reaction of fear and then they get back on it and they lose a ton more weight. And and that's not how these medications should be used. No, I think you know, in combination with like healthy eating, extremely high protein intake, weightlifting so that you don't have muscle wasting, it can be really healthy. And I'm sure they you know, all these Hollywood actor actors and actresses are working out because obviously being physically fit is part of their regimen, but I I worry about us, you know, having this positive body image over the last 10 years or so and now falling into an era where we are like loving that extremely emaciated look again and I think that that's really unhealthy for young young people to be looking up to. And so, you know, I think it's about having some serious talk with loved ones if you feel like they are kind of teetering on the edge of of this becoming a a health consequence and and not a positive one. And again, we're not bashing it but I think that there's a limit and a slippery slope and and we want to make sure that our patients and our loved ones are and Hollywood is you know, is doing this in a in a responsible way, but I I unfortunately think as this becomes more and more accessible that we will see more and not less of this until we kind of learn how to how to reel it in and how to not promote that that emaciated look as an ideal. Yeah, exactly. I feel like we've come so far and we've kind of moved past all of that into and that's like years and decades to finally get past that and to now sort of be back in that in that era again. So yeah, talk to your doctors, you know, make sure that you're using the medication correctly. You know, it is a great medication but just with you know, as with everything else, things need to be in moderation. And they need to be used correctly but anyway, this is always a fun topic. We love talking about what Hollywood is doing is ultimately it all relates back to us and what we're seeing with our patients but come back to next week. We will have another hot topic for you on Lipstick and Lifo so make sure you subscribe on YouTube, Spotify and Apple. We'll see you next week. See you guys.

- Still hungry on a GLP-1? Here's why that's a good thing: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about hunger on a GLP-1 cuz I see a lot of people really freaking out about feeling hungry or food noise coming back on this journey and I want to tell you why this is not a reason to panic. So, my name is Anna Risdorf. I am a registered dietitian and GLP-1 user myself and I have actually used feeling more hungry to my advantage while on this journey to make it more flexible and easier to stick with. So, I'm going to explain exactly how. So, you've been taught that GLP-1s suppress your appetite and that is true because they slow down digestion, they affect blood sugar in a way that makes you not quite so hungry. They change the desire for certain foods in your brain. So, they do make you feel less hungry overall. But, sometimes, especially as the week wears on, you will start to feel some of that hunger coming back and that is actually a good sign and this can support your long-term results, your metabolism, your energy levels, and your muscle mass, and all those things. So, I'm going to explain to you exactly why you want to use that hunger as a tool rather than panicking about it thinking the medication is not working. So, usually, at least for me, the first couple days after my medication after my injection, I really can't eat very much. You barely want food. This usually lasts for me maybe 2 days. I take a few bites and I'm like, "I don't really want this." The other night we went out to Carrabba's Italian restaurant the day after my medication and I literally ate two bites and took the rest home to my neighbor who will eat anything and everything. So, he got a full Carrabba's meal and I was like, "I literally took two bites of this shrimp pasta and I cannot eat anymore." So, that is completely normal, but that is not a normal way to eat. Two bites of your dinner is not enough to sustain your nutrient needs, your metabolism, meet your protein needs at all. I literally ate one piece of shrimp, which is what, like 4 g of protein, maybe? So, that's not going to be enough if I need to get 100 g of protein a day to meet my my nutrient needs. It's not going to be enough. That is not a way to live. A couple bites here and there is not a way to live. So, you're missing on those days protein, like I said, vitamins, minerals, fiber, calories, right? Cuz your body does still need calories. It seems like people forget that your body needs calories. Your body has a resting metabolic rate that is literally the amount of calories it would burn if you just laid in bed all day just for you to breathe, for your heart to beat, for your brain to function, all of that kind of stuff. And that's usually for most people, like somewhere between 1,000 and 1,500 calories easily, just your resting metabolic rate. And that's if you never got out of bed, like didn't get dressed, didn't brush your teeth, didn't like literally just laid there all day, okay? So, your body needs calories to function and operate. And by the end of this video, I'm going to show you how this is going to work in your favor, but you got to understand the bigger picture about what's going on. So, those first couple days you're going to have low appetite, you're not going to want to eat much, and, you know, you're going to try to do the best that you can on those days. Liquid protein shakes really help, small meals kind of throughout the day as you're able, things high in protein, soft foods, yogurts, eggs, all of that kind of stuff. Days 4 to 7, you're going to start possibly noticing your appetite creeping back up and whatever the the way you define food noise, which is thinking about food, is going to come back, okay? And you might think, "Oh my god, the medication is not working. I need more medication. Can I I see people like splitting doses and things to prevent this from happening." That is a bad idea. Allow the GLP-1 levels to taper down over the week because this gives you an opportunity, okay? This gives you an opportunity to give your body the nutrients it needs to support your metabolism. If you do not do that, your metabolism is going to come to a complete stall and the weight loss is going to slow down no matter how little you eat. You are also going to start to lose muscle. You may develop a nutrient or vitamin deficiency and that's going to harm you long-term. So, the bottom line is is that a calorie deficit is not like 1 day at a time, right? We're used to those of us who are used to like tracking, we're like, "Oh, I need to stick to 1,400 calories a day and it has to be like that every single day." It's not. It's an average, like over the week. It's not just like 1 day you eat, you know, 1,200 calories, the next day you eat 1,500 calories, you're still at an average that's in a deficit. So, your body is going to your hunger levels are going to change and it's okay for you to flex with that. So, it's over time, the week trend is what matters. So, let's say the first couple of days after your shot, you eat 800 calories, right? So, that's a pretty probably significant deficit for you, especially if you're exercising or doing other things. And let's say towards day six of your shot, you eat 1,800 calories. You're still at a deficit there. Does that make sense? Because you're still around 1,200 calories, you meet in the middle. So, you're still at a deficit even if towards the end of the week you ate a little bit more. And so, that's going to give you the opportunity to really focus on listening to your body's hunger signals. Just what I want you to do. I am completely against calorie tracking because you want to get to a point where you are listening to your body's signals and the GLP-1 medication really gives you the opportunity to finally learn how to do that. Hunger is data. It is not failure. And during as the week goes on, you can eat more nutrients. You can get your protein in. You can boost up that calorie intake a little bit so you don't lose so quickly. So, you don't lose muscle. So, you don't develop malnutrition, okay? I also find that when I exercise, especially strength training, I am hungrier. And you know what I do? I eat. I eat food and I fuel my body and I listen, "Wow, okay, I'm really hungry. Let me give myself something that is nourishing, that gives me the protein I need, that gives me the calories I need." Because if I don't have fuel, like there is literally no point in doing that strength training workout. Cuz what's my body going to build muscles with? Nothing? Air? You can't It can't turn fat into muscles, so it needs proteins. If you don't know what to eat, I have this video right here that tells you what to eat on a GLP-1. I also have a Beyond the Shot Guide, which gives you meal plans and recipes and everything that you need to know about nutrition. I have recipe collections on my website, meal plans. I have a free meal plan that you can get in the notes of this video as well if you don't know what to eat on a GLP-1. But, the bottom line is that the hunger is good. So, the way I have always timed my shots is I take them either on Sunday or Monday. I've been spreading them out a little bit lately cuz I'm on maintenance. I take them on Sunday or Monday so that when I'm eating at home, it's during the week, the food is kind of boring around this house because I don't like to cook dinner, let's be honest. I That's when my appetite is most suppressed. I mean, I don't really care about eating that food. It's fine. And as the week goes on and on the weekends, we go out to eat and the food is tastier and it's things that I want to enjoy and things that I want to eat, that's when I allow my appetite to come back up so that I can eat the foods that I want and enjoy myself with foods that are tastier. And I have done that this whole entire time, lost 40 lb where, you know, the appetite is suppressed earlier in the week and then I allow myself to get the calories and the intake that I really need as the week goes on. So, the bottom line is GLP-1s give you an opportunity to finally be in control of your hunger, okay? It finally allows you to listen to your body, to eat when you're hungry, to honor the needs that your body has, and like pay attention to that. So, I don't understand the people who are like, "Oh, I'm hungry. Oh, the food noise. Oh, the blah blah blah." And I get it, there's a lot of like fear and panic and we've been enmeshed in this like diet culture thing and you've got to really like track your calories and stay in a deficit and na na na na na, na na, na, but like being hungry is not a failure. It's just like, would you get mad at your body if you felt like you had to go to the bathroom? You know, would you like be like, "Oh, no, we got to suppress that. That's not okay. Not okay to have to pee, okay?" So, no, like you wouldn't do that and your hunger is the same way. So, I want you to look at it rather than a punishment or a failure or "Oh my god, I can't stick with a deficit." or anything like that, I want you to look at it as an opportunity to fuel your body with healthy foods to the point of satisfaction. Just, you know, listening to when you're done eating, when you're done fueling, what your body really needs. Like I said, I have lots of resources to help you to understand what to eat. If you're really feeling completely out of control, make sure you're getting your protein and your fiber cuz both of those things can help. Drink enough water, but use it as an opportunity to fuel yourself and, you know, let go of some of those strict calorie limits or whatever it is you think you're doing to lose the weight because it's okay to be hungry and it's okay to eat and fuel your body and it will not derail your progress. In fact, it'll probably help you lose weight, maintain a healthy metabolism, maintain your muscle mass in the long run. So, even if you lose a tiny bit slower, it's all right. Okay? And it's So, if you need more help, I'm happy to help. If you like this video, please like and subscribe. I drop a video every Friday here on this channel about GLP-1 information and my own GLP-1 journey as well. I also have a podcast that comes out every Monday where I interview experts called the GLP-1 Hub Podcast so you can learn more about your GLP-1 journey and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulcaia [4 likes]: This is one of the best and most informative videos I've seen on this topic----great job
  2. @Zandercole0829 [3 likes]: I’m still hungry but it’s totally different. I want to fuel with good whole foods that nourish my system. I’m only in my first week, take my 2nd dose this coming Friday night. I’m freaking stoked.
  3. @janethunt4037 [1 likes]: Thanks, Ana.  This was helpful.
  4. @yyb7027 [1 likes]: This is such a good video thank you
  5. @TheMetabolicMidwife [1 likes]: Hi, Ana! Look at your viewer and subscription numbers! I am so happy for you!

This was a fantastic episode and one that needed to be said... and needs to be heard... a lot! Thank you so much for saying and explaining things that GLP-1-ers don't often hear. You're awesome!! --Barb
  6. @NikkiBornRight [1 likes]: I force myself to eat a cup of cottage cheese every day and usually a few lil smokies and a shake the first few days.
  7. @timgodfrey2362 [1 likes]: Thanks for making sense of all this. I’ve been doing 20 units of Mounjaro and was considering upping the dose to 30 unit because of my increased hunger but now I better understand the ebb and flow of the GLP1’s I’ll stay at 20 units. I get at least 100 grams of protein daily and also take 10 grams of creatine with my strength training program and with the added muscle and water retention I’m staying static with weight loss but I’m at a good weight and my initial interest was more toward all the other benefits of GLP1’s. You have a new subscriber
  8. @elphabication: Thank you for this video. I'm trying my best to listen to my hunger cues on days when the suppression effect is highest. I count calories but I know it's not sustainable for me.
  9. @alcnwonderlnd: How does this work for the daily oral wegovy?
  10. @lilybee_: When you reduced your dosage, did you still lose weight?
  11. @adriane-123: Thank you for this, it makes sense. I needed this explained.
  12. @theilliniguy: Good video. Thanks. What if (I'm on Zep 5 mg) I don't have the reduced food desire the day of or day after shot? Should I go to 7.5 next month?
  13. @QuinadaKay: Thank you for sharing this video .But its kinda wired  the fay after my first shot of Zepound  .I was so hungry 😢. I was craving sugar like cookies, donuts etc ,.But I did get fuller easier, and I also stop eating at 8/ 9pm
  14. @gennettacampbell8081: Im on my 3rd shot and started to feel like I am starving and exhausted by third day. I am eating protein, but it doesn't feel like it's enough. What do you recommend?
  15. @bread-circus: I started this Friday afternoon and been struggling to eat all weekend, especially lunch. But instead of being happy about it, it's stressing me out because I don't want to be in a steep caloric deficit and I want to maintain my muscle mass. I know what happens when you don't eat enough. But if I find that my appetite resumes later in the week and I can eat more calories, then I'll give myself grace to not eat as much on the first couple of days. I don't like feeling like I have to force myself. I'll look at the weekly average.
  16. @miraborgesilva1919: I’m craving chocolate. Oh no
  17. @miraborgesilva1919: So Excersize really helps for muscle building
  18. @rickycarfan54: are you sure you are a dietician?? 🤔
i mean: you say you are against tracking calories! how do you know if you are in a deficit if you don’t track your calories??
listen to your body clearly doesn’t work if it brings you to be overweight in the first place!! 🤷‍♂️ 
than you say: your appetite with glp will come back and that’s a good thing! so… i’m having hard time to stick to my calorie target; i get a drug to make it a little bit easier by suppressing my appetite.. and the drug does not suppress my appetite!!!
mmmhhhh🤔🤔 don’t you see how senseless it is?!? 🤷‍♂️ 🤷‍♂️
  19. @Franrosie: Medexpress code to save £40 . DR8V31
  20. @joer1402: Thank you. I was just having this discussion with my wife this morning me wondering if the medication was having any effect at all. I do get full faster, for sure, but I’m also hungry those last 2-3 days.

- GLP-1 Hunger Coming Back? A Dietitian Explains Why That’s Good!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to the downsize. My name is Christopher Durham and this is >> my name is Lorraine Durham >> and this is the channel where we talk about all things GLP1 ranging from our personal journeys to what's going on in the news to we get to interview lots of cool professionals in the medical and diet and dietitionian community is which is what we'll do today. If you're not familiar with us between the two of us we've lost 150 pounds and we're actual patients. So we're not doctors. Julia is a medical professional, but she's not your medical professional. So, this is all just for entertainment purposes. If you need help, please talk to your medical professional. Would you add anything to that, Julia? >> No, not at all. >> Perfect. And before we jump in, please take a moment to like and subscribe. It helps the algorithm and tells people, hey, watch more of the videos. All right. So, Julia, why don't you tell us a little bit about you? >> Sure. So, um, you know, my name is Julia. I am a dietician as well as a diabetes care and education specialist. I am from Western Massachusetts where I grew up and then I ended up actually going to university in Kentucky. Fell in love with the state and stayed there for about 12 years. So that's where my career in healthcare and diabetes kind of got started working with patients kind of more in rural areas before I decided, okay, kind of wanted to move back closer to home, be closer to my family, which brought me back up north. So now I'm in Boston. um currently working in a hospital system still at Mass General um in their concierge medicine and executive health program as well as I'm the founding dietician of all new health which is a really fun digital health company tailored to GLP1 patients. So, um, that's currently what I'm up to. And then prior to that, most of my experience has been in endocrinology clinics as well as weight management in both rural air areas and then like the greater Boston area. >> So, tell us a little bit more about all new. So, All New Health is a digital health company where ultimately our goal is kind of filling in the gap between a patient's office visit where they have very limited minimal time with their clinician and then their day-to-day life outside. So, as patients, you might have had experiences like this where because GLP1s have grown so quickly because there's such a high patient need that hospital systems and clinics like cannot grow fast enough to meet that patient need, which is great because we want to help people so much, but it does leave gaps in care where clinicians have very short duration of visits where we aren't able to provide as much one-on-one time with the patient and longer durations between office visits where it can feel like a patient is kind of more off on their own and trying to do a lot of their own research and a lot of people don't want to tell people they might be on a medication. So, it can feel very isolating. So our goal with all new health is to really serve as that health platform where patients can participate in their own health while their clinician also has peace of mind that they know their patient is getting evidence-based information to help them dayto-day that they can also share that data with their clinician during office visits to make the most of that limited clinic time. >> So very practically what does that mean to me as a patient? What do I see? What? How am I inter what am I doing? >> Great. So, so we are Yes, we are an app. So, >> okay. >> Yes. So, yes. So, some might think, oh, okay, it's just a tracking platform, which of course it is. You can track all your health information in there. Um, however, there is a digital health coach where you can get immediate feedback. For example, if it's someone's first or second week on the medication, they're maybe experiencing some GI side effects and it's say it's a Saturday evening, they can't get in touch with their physician right away. You can talk to the AI health coach, explain your symptoms, and in a few moments, it'll give you real time suggestions on what you can do to alleviate that symptom in the moment to hopefully improve your JLP1 experience. And so your work, so does my doctor have access to it as well or is it just a one-sided relationship? >> Great question. So a provider would be able to log in to like the provider panel and the patient would grant access to the provider to view their health tracking information. >> Okay, that's cool. That's that's a twist I haven't seen. So >> yeah, absolutely. So sort of similar in diabetes care um kind of a similar structure to continuous glucose monitors where patient is kind of tracking that data and then the provider is able to like log in from their side and see that common data set >> and does it integrate with smart scales with Apple health with all that so the data that I'm collecting can go straight >> yes absolutely >> that sounds cool okay So people can go there, they can ask questions, um maybe research topics and and things like that. Is that for a monthly fee or how is it u structured on you know for the patient to be able to access? >> Great question. So ultimately we want our customer to be health clinics, hospital systems themselves and insurance companies um really to be kind of an incentive because you know their patient is hopefully going to have a better experience and it's also going to really kind of help you know be an extension of a provider to an extent and hopefully give clinicians more time for higher acuity patient care. um you know decrease you know patient messages back and forth um because patients will feel more empowered and have access to the that information right away versus having to wait you know days a week um for that feedback. >> So then your customer is actually the health care system or the doctor and the patient is a user. So for me it's probably not going to cost much if anything. Is that what I'm >> wrong? Yes. Okay. >> No, also very cool. We like that. So, no no cost to patients. That's a wonderful thing. >> My my doctor or my healthcare system has to be signed up with the app in order for me to use your app. Is that correct? Also, >> ideally, yes. Um, right. I mean, right now we haven't yet launched on the app store. Um, but I I do know I just don't want to >> coming coming soon. So you're Did I see there was a round of funding, too? Did I see he had another round of funding? >> He's preparing for that. Yes. Okay. >> So, this isn't something you can go to the app store or buy or use yet, but it's in development. >> Okay. >> We're getting so close >> because we'll get a thousand questions of, wait a minute, where do I find it? Where's the link? >> Yes. >> Soon, folks. >> Okay. Yeah. All right. >> No, we we like that very much. All right. Well, so that's fascinating. So, let's dive into more about you because how did you be how did you get interested in becoming a dietician? >> So, interestingly enough, when I went to college, I was very set on becoming a large animal veterinary. >> Yeah. And I I actually really loved it. But, you know, as I kind of went through schooling, I was like, you know, I don't know if I want something I really am so close to and have pets at home. I'm like, I might need a little bit little bit of distance. Um, but in animal science courses, you learn a lot about raising animals for food production and I really kind of enjoyed learning about that. So, I decided to take a nutrition course >> and instantly knew it was a match. So, made that switch and just kind of never looked back. >> Interesting. Well, so then the next question would be the whole GLP1 obesity conversation. How did you get from >> nutrition? >> I want to be a veterinarian to I want to be a dietitian to to diving into that GLP1 piece of it. >> Yes. So ultimately it was getting more involved in diabetes care. That was kind of the first step prior to GLP1s. So, I always like to say I didn't find diabetes, diabetes found me. Um, during toward the end of schooling during dietitians have to go through a 12,200 hour supervised practice program before we can take our national board exam >> and I was able to participate in a type 1 diabetes camp. And I was the camp counselor who all the girls in my cabin would wake me up at night when they were having hyper hypoglycemia and things like that. So I got to learn a whole lot about that condition 247, you know, during that very short time and I grew to really enjoy it. And so my first outpatient career ended up being in diabetes counseling. Um, I have a close, you know, close family members that have had diabetes, have it in remission, some that don't. Um, and it's a very difficult disease to live with that I don't think people get enough credit for. And so going through my career now that we have GLP1s available and getting to see how they have really been able to change the game for people with a variety of different cardiomatabolic conditions has been really exciting and I think that's why I have just kind of do I've dived into the deep end with it because it can be so life-changing for people. And that vin diagram of overlap between obesity and type two isn't completely overlap but a lot. Right. >> Exactly. Yes. >> Well, so talk to me about then GLP1s and and your role as a dietician in nutrition. How how does the how does a GLP-1 change how you counsel people? >> Absolutely. So I think where the dietitian role becomes so important is we can be so helpful with side effect management and prevention for patients. Um and unfortunately like a lot of people don't get offered the opportunity to meet with a dietitian and think about how often you might take your weekly medication versus in that week how many times we're eating. It's a very important part. So, >> um, you know, ultimately I do want everybody on a GLP1 to have the opportunity to meet with a nutrition professional to feel more confident to about those decisions. There are some studies that show we make an average of about 2,000 decisions about food every single day. We we don't even notice we're doing it. So if we lack confidence in those decisions, it it can create a lot of anxiety for people especially when a medication's involved. So the dietitian role can be very very helpful for um you know troubleshooting, building more confidence, um and knowing what works best for someone because there's obviously so much information out in the world, but nutrition isn't a one-sizefits-all. So it's nice to talk with someone one-on-one. I >> mean, I think that's exciting. It's it's interesting. We talked to so many people and there's there's a variety of thoughts on dietitians because I think that the industry has changed a lot in the last 20 30 40 years older than you are honestly. Um so I do run into some people who have a lot of push back about dietitians and they're like in 1970 they told me to eat bread and now I'm type two and what's how do you see that has changed? I mean what what is your how do you talk to somebody like that is a better question. >> Yes. Well and I think something that is very difficult in the field of nutrition is it takes years and years and years to learn more about something because we can't really isolate a variable and tell someone okay you can only eat bread for like 10 years and we're going to see what happens. It's really hard to isolate your variable. Yeah. And it does it it really does take decades and decades to really get high quality data in nutrition. Um and again I I think as the field of nutrition has grown and you know even even looking back from when I graduated school like over 10 years ago different specialties like dieticians I feel like not too long ago was more had had more broad patient populations where there was less specialty involved where now I mean like I basically just specialize in GLP1 medications and like cardiomatabolic conditions, whereas there's dietitians who place feeding tubes in patients. There's dietitians who take care of transplant patients. Like, so it's just a little bit more specialized. So, I think you really get to hone in on your passion or what you're great at. Um, and spend more time with your patients as well. Well, I mean, you know, it's we get requests, I think, once a week of you should do a what you eat eat in a day video, and I'm like, nope, not doing that. Not a dietician, not doing it. And even if I did, it wouldn't be right for you. It would only be right for me. So, >> but it leads to the question for you of, you know, what does eating well on a GLP1 look like in general? Truthfully, I feel like at baseline, the most important thing is making sure you're eating enough. I think it's a big misconception with the medications with when we think about, oh, like decreasing hunger, some appetite suppression. The world tends to think very black and white. And sometimes people might translate that into, oh, the goal is starvation. No, that's certainly not the goal. The goal is, you know, appetite regulation. That's really what we're trying to help with, not necessarily just the suppression component. I like that word regulation. Appetite regulation, right? Yeah. >> Exactly. Yeah. Because a lot of that excess hunger we deal with during obesity, it is hormone dysregulation. Our leptin, which is our um grein rather, which is our hunger hormone, it's going a little crazy. whereas our leptin hormone is maybe a little too suppressed. So that GLP1 is really able to kind of address that to help with that appetite regulation. So >> Oh, go ahead. >> Oh, no. I was, you know, just I grew up in the uh in the 80s and 90s in the land of you know um you didn't want to be hungry. You didn't you know we were trying not to eat. We were trying to ignore those hunger signals and those hunger cues and you know because I grew up with the disease of obesity. You know I had disregulated hunger cues. So you know now a lot of people I think my age come to feel like if they feel hungry there's something wrong. And the GLP1s take that level of hunger down so far and it's such a freeing feeling. You know, maybe for the first time in their lives now they're not hungry. And how do we come back to well, you really do have to eat. You really do need nutrition. And and how much is enough? Because I've never been able to regulate that on my own. >> Yeah. And I completely understand what you're saying and I've had so many patients sit across from me in a in an appointment and say, "Oh my gosh, I feel like I'm totally relearning how to eat." >> Yeah. Um and and oftentimes we might be starting off as simply, you know, let's establish some sort of schedule where, you know, if that that hunger is a little bit too suppressed and you're going way too long without eating, that might pro that might lead to some side effects. So, how about we start scheduling eating times like you would an appointment for yourself. Even if all you feel like you can eat is a couple bites of something, we're still honoring that eating time >> and you know, kind of adapting to that schedule so that we're still nourishing ourselves. It just might feel and look a little bit different and it can take several months to kind of adapt to that. I I like that idea of making an appointment and how you said it, honoring that commitment. You know, a lot of times we don't think about eating as um being something that's good for us, right? We've always been taught that like, oh, you're eating too much. Stop stop eating so much. And then when we do try to make an attempt at actually eating, uh it can feel overwhelming and and a little scary. So maybe if we look at it as an appointment with ourselves, it's a different way to to reframe that that thought process. >> Yeah, absolutely. Um yeah, I'll tell patients whether you're someone who is a planner person or you're a to-do list person, like think of it as like an errand you have to run. >> No. Ver versus like this, you know, this overwhelming big scary thing. Like it can be one bite, it can be two bites. We're just like acknowledging that we have to nourish oursel. >> So it seems like so many it's like all the diet rules that existed before still exist. And then we've added all these new GOP1 diet rules that it's not really a diet people. It's medical treatment that are this is the number of calories, this is the amount of protein, this is the amount of water that D and it for some people that in in and of itself is overwhelming. What's your philosophy around you know helping people maintain the right levels and tracking and all of that? >> Yes. And I mean tracking tracking for some people works very very well and then for other people it can be extraordinarily triggering. So, I always want to be respectful and I always let my patients know, please let me know if there is anything triggering or if there's certain words being used. Like, I want to make sure first and foremost we're taking good care of your mental health. Like, I'm here to relieve anxiety, not cause it. So, please call me out if if you don't like something. Um, that's my first goal. Um, and tracking can be very overwhelming because it can feel like a full-time job. So often times too, I'll tell a patient, well, instead of thinking about it like it's this long-term commitment, how about we think about it like a research project on yourself? Maybe we pick one full week where you'll you'll fully do that and then we're able to kind of go through and figure out strengths and maybe areas we can address for improvement. Or if even that seems like a whole lot, I'll recommend, okay, maybe we just track one nutrient then. >> Like if if we know protein is a struggle for you, then maybe we just worry and think about that first. We don't have to worry about all of the numbers. Um I usually discourage my patients from calorie counting, which might sound very strange. Um, but I I often don't recommend it simply because usually the GLP-1 in itself is helping with a calorie deficit of some sort. >> Yeah. >> And I think it's a much more positive approach of okay, these are the goals we want to reach. Not a level we're trying to stay below >> and coming from a place of restriction. more so, okay, like here are the things we want to try to do a get a little bit more into our diet. Like what are some things we want to add versus take away? >> Yeah. What what what can I more of a focus on what can I eat? What's going to nourish my body? Rather than what's off limits, what what do I have to avoid? I always want to add things, right? I don't want to be told I can't eat that because then I want to eat that. Exactly. And and truly I tell I tell my patients there I don't want there is no such thing as good or bad foods. It is not black and white and you know I will never tell you there's nothing you can eat unless you're deathly allergic to it obviously. >> Um but you know I'm a dietitian because I love food not because I hate it. And food is so much more than just physically feeding ourselves. It's memories, family time, culture. Um, and I never want people to lose that aspect of it or feel like they're isolating themselves from that. >> So, I tell people like, I want you to enjoy your birthday, a holiday you and your family celebrate. I I think what helps a lot is just having a plan. If you know, okay, like next Thursday is my birthday. Like, I'm going to have my birthday cake and I'm going to enjoy it. Because are you really going to enjoy it if you're going to have guilt attached to it? And and I think like knowing, okay, that's my time. I'm going to get to enjoy myself within reason. You you fully get to enjoy that experience. >> Yeah. You give yourself permission that it's okay. Um Well, and you know, I think about birthday cakes of yours past. Some years I've had a birthday cake, eaten a slice. Some years I've had a birthday cake, eaten the whole cake. So, you know, it's it's really uh you know, I guess permission but within uh you know, knowing what a reasonable amount looks like. And I think a GLP1 helps helps regulate that. >> Of course. Yeah, absolutely. And I think it it really helps give someone peace of mind like, you know, I have I have more say. I feel more in control. what I want and what I don't want. Yeah. More control for sure. >> Well, how does your counseling evolve over the course of the medication? So, for us and I think for a lot of people early on in the medication really satiet you're just tamped down like you you can only eat as much as you can eat and you're doing the best you can. whereas two years in now I could out eat the medication that I if I wanted to and we've both been in maintenance for some time now. So now it's really about figuring out the rest of life, right? It's throughout, you know, what does healthy eating, happy eating look like on a daily basis versus how do I just get it the nutrition in to stay alive, which is kind of what's happening early on. >> How do you absolutely work that spectrum? Yeah. And the experience you just described, I feel like is what most people will experience. That appetite suppression is extremely apparent early on. And I'd say probably on average around that like sixish to 8 month time period is maybe when someone might notice, oh, okay, like I'm starting to feel hunger coming back again. And it it can create a bit of anxiety like, oh no, this was the one thing that was working and now all of a sudden it's not. Oh, no. Um, and really at that point, I I kind of bring in what's called the hunger fullness scale. Um, which is really kind of thinking about our hunger to fullness on a liker scale from maybe 1 to 10. Where one is, oh my goodness, I am starving. I feel like I'm about to faint. I need to eat right away. where 10 is like Thanksgiving day fall. So, it's a normal human physiological response to feel hunger. That's how we stay alive. So, it's not a bad thing to feel hunger, but that appetite suppression is just way more dominant in the early months of a JLP1 because again, it is like working very hard to undo some of that metabolic dysregulation that was going on. So now that our hunger fullness hormones and insulin sensitivity have improved, >> I tell my patients that hunger is a more honest hunger. You, you know, we we do want you to honor it. Like don't don't be afraid of that hunger. You need to eat. Um, and now with the GLP1, it makes it a bit easier too to avoid going from, you know, that hunger scale of like a one to a three. We don't want someone jumping to a nine or a 10, like eating really quickly, overeating because then we don't feel well there either. >> So, you know, almost trying to quantify our hunger in a sense of we kind of want to stay in that middle ground. Like we want to yes we want to honor our fullness but we also want to honor our hunger. Like food is a tool to help us. It's not the enemy. >> So what I'm hearing you say is at about 6 to 8 months in the GLP1s help regulate your hormones, help regulate your hunger signals. And if you start getting hunger signals, then six to eight months in, it's not that the medicine has stopped working, it's that the medicine is working >> and it's okay. It doesn't mean you necessarily have to, oh, I need I feel hungry. I need to increase my dose. I think a lot of people like, you know, fear hunger and want to increase the dose. But I think and I think there's a lot to be said for that for realizing that hunger is a is a function of our bodies and and it had been disregulated and now we're trying to get it to a regulated point. I think that's a really interesting point that I haven't heard uh people talk about before. >> Yeah, absolutely. And and again like kind of even just thinking about how society views food and >> you know most of us are members of the clean your plate club. >> So like on one hand at some point in life we're told oh you have to finish everything on your plate. >> And then as you grow up it's like oh my gosh why are you eating all that? Oh I can't stop eating. So sometimes >> are you gonna finish that? >> Yeah. And and so I I always want to help a patient heal their relationship with food and >> be less judgmental on themselves because unfortunately well fortunately and unfortunately our relationship with food is lifelong >> and will need it forever. Um >> it's true. So ultimately wanting to decrease any animosity we have with that relationship with food um >> I think is super important and helping patients build more trust in themselves that you know you're you're doing the right things like you you have this tool that's helping you along the way like trust your instinct a little bit more. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's good advice. So yeah, and people will ask because I'll get comments at this point of the medicine's not working. No, the medicine for me still two years. I can still tell every day that the medicine is still working. It's just different. My body is in a different place 100 pounds down than it was two years ago. Um if I stopped taking it, I can tell you it would I would know immediately. U but it's still working. Talk to me about we talked about mindset and stigma and just this both around the use of the medication and around weight and obesity. >> Yes. Um I could talk about this topic all day but but yes um >> this is what we do every day. >> Yeah. So oh my gosh there's so many ways I could tackle this question. Um but yeah, unfortunately weight bias, weight stigma is rampant in our society. It is still a condition where there really aren't any policy, laws, regulation to prevent weight-based discrimination, um weight bias, all sorts of things like that. Um, and I think people sometimes forget obesity is a condition that is on display for the world. Like people you people you don't get to like kind of hide it like you might be able to other things. Um, and you know people get shamed for not taking the medication. Then sometimes people are told, "Oh well that seems like cheating." Well, we don't we don't tell patients that need chemotherapy that their chemo is cheating. We don't tell patients with diabetes that, >> oh, you really shouldn't be taking your insulin. Like, you should just be like eating perfectly and it'll magically manage itself. Um, you know, chronic conditions need chronic co-therapy typically. Um yeah and like and like when you had brought up too where it's like oh well if I stop taking the medication obviously the medication doesn't work if I gain the weight back but if I were to stop exercising the weight would come back too. So it's less about the treatment modality and it's more about the condition itself why >> that long-term intervention is typically needed. Do you see different points of view from people in different age groups? I mean, just for example, I'm thinking about people your age and how they view people with overweight and obesity versus, you know, our age, 50s and up. Um, I I feel like attitudes have changed a little bit, but then again, sometimes you look on TikTok and you see tons of hateful comments. What do you What do you think about that? I I feel yeah I mean I I I will say the vast majority of my patients are female. I I would say my ratio is probably around like 65 to 70% women versus men. So I feel like I could probably speak a little bit better. Um >> are probably our viewers like that too. >> Yeah. Yeah. Um, and I I definitely notice women I'd say probably, and I don't mean to generalize viewers, so like, of course, like hear me out. Um, probably like around 40s through 60ish age frame. I find women way overly critical of themselves. >> Um, but sometimes even of each other, too. or I'll have or I'll have a female patient be like, "Well, I'm so afraid to tell my best friend because we were going on a walk and like they mentioned, oh, Susie looks like she lost a lot of weight. Like, I wonder what she's doing." Um, and I think it really is just because unfortunately like for that age range being exposed to so much like negative negative diet culture and you know thinness being extremely popular like un unhealthy thinness. Um, and it and it's really hard to unlearn those things even even as we go through adulthood. And I I definitely think too for women No, no offense to the guys out there, but women have sometimes more barriers to weight management than men, just simply hormonally, how things change monthly throughout our life cycle. >> And those changes, in my opinion, because women >> get criticized more for their outward appearance generally, >> um, there's more pressure and I think that that change in life and those hormonal changes can sometimes like be very emotionally taxing. Um, yeah. So, it definitely is tricky. I I do feel like I'm in my 30s, by the way. Sometimes people think I'm younger than that, but um I I would say patients in their, you know, late teens to 30s. It it can kind of be a mixed bag, but but I am hopeful. I I feel like I hear more things about like, okay, like I know it's really important, like I want to be strong. I don't necessarily want to be like really really thin. Like I want to be healthy. >> Um, you know, I I care less about the number on the scale. Like I I just want to make sure like I'm reducing my risk of different chronic conditions or I want to be healthy to play with my kids or whatever it might be. Um, >> more of a focus on health, I guess, than illness. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's great. I mean, that's great. That's that's the shift we want to see, right? We want people to be concerned about their health and their longevity. >> Exactly. >> Well, so if there's people out there watching who have never used a dietitian and they live in Boise, Idaho, or actually probably even smaller than some town 100 miles away from Boise, Idaho, where there probably isn't a dietitian living, North Carolina. >> Pick pick a town, doesn't matter, right? Um who might be interested in in talking to someone to get some help. What would you recommend? I mean, obviously they could move to Boston and come hang out with you, but that seems weird, so we won't do that. >> Of course. Well, I definitely recommend it's always worth reaching out to whoever your primary care is if if they have a referral system or there there are a lot of wonderful platforms out now where although COVID was not the best time in the world, I do think it really helped improve access to care for people living in more rural areas. So, it gives me gives me hope that people do have hopefully more options that are accessible that don't require a whole lot of travel. Um, and I think too something important I I really encourage patients, you know, if you're really hesitant to meet with a dietitian because of fear of judgment, give it a shot. Like truly, like mo most of us really are here because we want to help you. We love food just as much as everyone else. Um, we want to help heal your relationship with food. We We are not here to pick you apart. Um, I've had many patients tell me, "Oh my gosh, I was so afraid to talk with you." I'm like, "I feel like you're the first person who's listened to me." I'm like, "Yeah, like I'm on your team." >> I think dietitians have turned more into coaches. I know previously in my life in years past I've worked with dietitians who were just like all right we'll write down everything you eat and then we'll go through it piece by piece and I'm like I don't want I don't want to you know so but to know that a dietitian can coach you can you know help you without like picking through a food log is is is good for people to understand too. >> Absolutely. Yeah. I tell my patients all the time like there's no such thing as perfect eating. So that is not the goal we are we are trying to meet. >> Um I like comparing long-term health to long-term finances. >> Little amounts that are realistic that you plan on doing for a really long time is going to get you very very far versus trying to do a whole lot really quickly. >> Interesting analogy. Yeah. Yeah. >> A little bit of spinach every day. >> Um Yeah. I I typically see people be the most successful when they decide, okay, like here's one or two little things I'm very confident I know I can do. >> And they're just very relentlessly, you know, doing it. >> It makes sense. I mean, I've had friends through the years get into bicycling and weightlifting and and they would get all bulked out and then a year later they were fat. I'm like, >> what happened? >> They stopped doing the uh they stopped doing the the things. >> They stopped doing the things. It wasn't that steady, >> hey, let's add a good habit. Let's add a good what whatever. >> Yeah. And and I totally understand when when people go that route because I I often find if we have a health scare or a new diagnosis or something, we get we get this very overwhelming feeling of panic like, "Oh my gosh, this is something I need to fix right away." Or it might be we get this big burst of motivation, which is great, but I like to con I consider motivation like an emotion. It's it's going to change. It's going to fluctuate. Mhm. >> So instead of making goals based on motivation, make them based off like practicality and what your schedule looks like because that's going to be more consistent than how we feel in a given time frame or moment, >> right? >> Um and I noticed that can be really helpful when when people kind of think of it more so from that lens, >> right? I don't always want to chop up the vegetables or you know put on my exercise clothes or but you know if I've taken actions beforehand to set myself up then I don't have to rely on the motivations if the vegetables are pre- chopped or if I'm laying out stuff the night before. So yeah, it's that I like that motivation is like emotion. It it comes and goes. I like that. >> Exactly. Yeah. >> So, I'm going to get lots of questions about Julia and they're going to say, "Well, can I go see Julia? How do I get in touch with Julia? Do you take patients or >> Great question. So, with all new, that's the that that is the goal is, you know, tellaalth down the line, but what's nice with the all new health coach, it's slightly embarrassing, but it it actually is my my face that is that is in there. So, >> so you're the AI. Julia pops up AI. Julia >> basically. Yeah. And it's funny actually I I spoke with um a patient the other day who has been like test testing um with the beta version of the app and she had said to me she was like honestly I really genuinely thought the answer was coming straight from you because it sounds just like you >> and it was so specific and I was like well that's good. I was like I'm glad you it made you second guess if it was actually me. So, so yeah, we're really excited on how things are progressing with all new. >> Well, very good. Well, you'll have to come back and and you guys te tell us how how you're when it launches and things and you know, you can take a look at it. That would be fun. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> All right. Well, thank you for joining us, Julia. It's been a great conversation. We appreciate you giving us your time. For everybody out there, if you haven't already, please like and subscribe this video and watch out for all new health. Hopefully, it'll come to a market near you soon. My name is Christopher Durham. >> I'm Lorraine Durham. >> We are the Downsized. >> Thanks, Julia. Thank you, Al. >> Yay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kkm312 [11 likes]: OK, I usually can't stand dietitians (their attitude, their condescension...), but Julia was great! Thank you for another informative, helpful interview!
  2. @RocsandBateman [8 likes]: My primary health care have said i will be on it for life...
  3. @TracieSebolt [7 likes]: Another great interview!  I remember being so scared when the hunger started coming back about 6 months in.  Thank goodness for the content creators to let me know this was normal.  I felt exactly like she said.....  like oh great, this one thing that worked for a while doesn't even work anymore.  Lol.  It took me a few weeks or so to kind of come to terms with it and realize it was okay.  Now I know it's okay to feel hungry.  I just was like Laraine and was always terrified of hunger.  Lol.
  4. @TheMetabolicMidwife [5 likes]: Julia was soooo real world and practical. I loved that she doesn't encourage people to track calories... only because previous RDs have been militant bout it and that isn't my thing. The app sounds fantastic!  I can't wait until it comes out. Great concept! I'm glad you found her and was able to do a great interview with. Thank you!!
  5. @t.c.s.7724 [3 likes]: I've never met a dietician who understood human physiology, endocrinology, supplements, etc.
  6. @AmyJoy-j7o [2 likes]: Please bring Julia back when that app gets up and running.  It sounds like it would really fill in some gaps in care.  Great interview!  😊
  7. @LeslieDavis-t25 [2 likes]: Thank you for this interview. Julia brings a very informed point of view and is so reassuring.
  8. @yvonnesmall1318 [2 likes]: Beautiful young lady. She was great. I really enjoyed the fact that she was so passionate about what she does. Great information. Very knowledgeable.GPL-1s are a game changer!!
  9. @SJGonzales-gj1vf [1 likes]: This was an excellent interview discussion. Very informative and enlightening. Thank you so much.
  10. @janethunt4037 [1 likes]: I’m curious now that the two of you have been on maintenance for a while. Did you experience hunger?
  11. @nightranger9795 [1 likes]: Im about to do titration from 7.5 to 15 over several months.  My appetite is killing my weight loss.
  12. @Missfrankiecat: Very useful discussion of change in appetite suppression on GLP1.  A year in with still some weight to lose, I am experiencing a fairly regular return of the food noise and definitely feeling hungry much more despite being on 10mg Mounjaro.  This is disconcerting and hard to re-frame as a heathy reaction after the months of relief from cravings.
  13. @stephanieseaman6976: I go to Memorial Wellness Center in Springfield, IL...they provide an APP called Baritastic. You can log food, activity, dailey notes alot more.  Im sure it was created for their Bariactric parints but those of us on GLP1 benefit from it too
  14. @paulahardin6002: Julia is great.  She reminds me of my dietitian, Josie.  This was very helpful!
  15. @MaralinaDG: I'm T1D and have been for over 50 years (currently 53 years old).  While I'm currently 78lbs and 5'0", the only serious complication I ran into was insulin resistance.  Met with several dieticians who were unhelpful and did not seem to understand the varied requirements for various folks.  Julia may have been a breath of fresh air had I been granted the opportunity to meet with her.  After a brief experience with Symlin back in 2013, which was fairly successful, the side effects are not fun and the multiple injections were a pain.  Finding and testing a GLP was almost a miracle, although still not approved for T1 use - yet, which is ridiculous.  However, the GLP has been a saver in terms of health benefits and insulin resistance.  Looking forward to the possible benefits of CagriSema and would love to hear Julia's input on it's use with T1s.
  16. @annahoover5296: She is realy great.
  17. @annahoover5296: Good evening  Christopher and Laraine and Julia

- GLP-1s reduce appetite, but not nutritional needs: Kind: captions Language: en-US The medication is almost like a sledgehammer in regulating our appetite and how quickly our stomach empties and how our blood sugar is processed by other hormones in our body. And these other hormones working in concert are a lot more nuanced and more subtle in the way they're working and, and working all in concert together, like an orchestra. GLP-1s have have been as close to a magic bullet as we found in medicine. Incredibly powerful, incredibly useful, and have been a real help to a lot of people. So I don't want to downgrade that value. But just like any medication, there are side effects. There's risks and benefits to consider. And so with GLP-1s, one of the things to consider is when you lose weight, it's important that you lose weight from the right place. Right place would be the fat and less from the muscle. And when you're not exercising at the same time and, and using those muscles, that weight loss doesn't happen as proportionally as it should. There's, you know, more that is lost from the muscles and that is less healthy. If you're eating less, it stands to reason that you could be eating less nutrition, less vitamins and minerals and macronutrients. And so if it's not a balanced meal, you can run into nutritional deficiencies. So maintaining a nutrient dense diet as well as the exercise is super important when you're on GLP-1s. You can have muscle loss, that you can have nutrient deficiencies, but also you can have metabolic dysfunction still even in the presence of weight loss. If you don't have a quality diet. You can't go wrong with foods that come from nature. Unprocessed foods, so fruits and vegetables, whole grains, beans, nuts, seeds, a focus on plant source foods with garnish of meat.

- Food Suddenly Disgusting on GLP-1s Like Wegovy, Zepbound or Ozempic? Why It Happens and What to Do!: Kind: captions Language: en Your GLP-1 has made you kind of repulsive, like chicken, ugh, eggs, ugh, no way, absolutely not. And thinking about eating is feeling exhausting, you are not alone. But this can ruin your results. I'm Anna registered dietitian, GLP-1 user. I know it can be a challenge to eat sometimes on these medications. So, let's talk about what you can do so you don't end up malnourished or feeling absolutely terrible. I share a lot of these practical strategies in my newsletter, especially around things people struggle with but don't talk about. It's called The Steady State and you can join in the link below and it's completely free. So, let's talk about food aversions on GLP-1. GLP-1 slow down gastric emptying, meaning how quickly your food moves through the stomach, reduces your hunger signals, and also changes your food reward. So, foods that were like appealing before are not anymore. And some people report that it changes their taste buds. So, these are not uncommon. So, foods that you liked before used to tolerate can suddenly seem really unappealing. But the problem isn't really the aversion because that happens to a lot of us, especially during the times we might be going up in dosage or getting used to the medication. It's what's going to happen next. If you let the food aversion take over, you're not going to be eating enough calories to sustain your well-being. Your protein intake is going to drop, you're going to lose muscle, your metabolism is going to slow down, you're going to start to feel absolutely exhausted, and you're going to stop losing weight. Your progress is going to stall with all of that. So, while you might feel like you're winning because you can't eat, "Oh, I just can't even eat a single bite." The goal is not to eat as little as possible, it's to eat in a way that you can still tolerate and get the calories you need. So, I don't want you to like force foods if looking at an egg makes you feel like you're going to puke. Like that is not the right answer here. I want you to find foods that are nutrient-dense that you can tolerate. So, some ideas, how about a protein shake instead of chicken? You know, not the perfect, you know, chicken is a higher-quality protein than most protein shakes, but at least you're getting something. Try to Greek yogurt instead of eggs, sometimes easier to tolerate. Get smoothies instead of meals. So, put your veggies in there, put your protein in there, but, you know, some nut butter, something like that that densifies up that smoothie you can kind of sip on when you don't feel like eating anything. Or considering, you know, I always say three meals a day, you should eat three meals a day. And while that is true, that should be a minimum, some people find it easier to eat small meals throughout the day, especially when they're dealing with food aversions, every couple of hours. Eating a little something can help you as well. Choose bland foods, sometimes foods that are high in carbohydrates might be easier to eat. I find that like some bland crackers sometimes helps with the nausea. That just is at least my body's getting something. I mean, it's not like perfect, but better than zero calories. Make sure you're choosing foods that are lower in fat as well. Sometimes those like fried foods or other high-fat foods can make nausea worse. And then choose foods that have a lower volume, meaning you get more calories for a smaller amount of food. So, some examples are nut butters, beans, legumes, nuts. Those types of foods are going to be a lower volume and more nutrients. And then also think about if the aversion truly lasts a week or if they tend to taper off. For me, around shot day is when I feel the most suppression, the most ugh about food, the most like a little bit of nausea. And it's okay to eat a little bit less around those the shot day if you find your intake increases as the week goes on. Try not to restrict or limit your intake on the days you actually feel like eating. What I see with people like love the hunger suppression on the first few days and then as the hunger kind of goes up, they start to freak out. And they're like, "I need how much calories? I need only 1,200 calories." Like that is your body calling out for the nutrients that you missed at the beginning of the week. And that is okay. That is what you want so you don't get malnourished. There are a few supplements that can help as well. I don't want you to just rely on supplements, but they have a place sometimes. Things like protein shakes, always like to have those on hand. Eat some electrolytes if you're not getting enough hydration, a multivitamin, absolutely necessary. And if the nausea and the aversion is really intolerable, ask your doctor for some Zofran. I know that I always have Zofran on hand just in case I need it. Occasionally I have to get on like a work call and the nausea is like kicking up and I certainly don't want to puke in the middle of a work call. So, I have that on hand, but these can be helpful to have uh if you just really don't feel like eating. If your GLP-1 has changed what you want to eat, you don't need to force yourself to keep eating the way you used to. That's where people get stuck. The goal is not to like eat during the food aversions, it's to build a way of eating that works with the medication to help you stay nourished and reach your goals. Because if you don't do that, you're going to start losing the wrong kind of weight and feel terrible and no energy at all. And so, you've also got to consider working with a dietitian or speaking to your doctor who can maybe help provide suggestions for foods that you can eat. And so, that can help getting a little bit of support from somebody who can work with you one-on-one and know what your specific food aversions are and how you can make that work with your diet to make sure you're meeting all of your needs. And I'm curious, what foods can you not eat anymore on a GLP-1? I haven't found anything specific. I can eat most things. It's just that little bit of nausea right around shot day that makes me just go kind of eh, but most days I can eat pretty much whatever I want. And if you want to stay connected and learn more about fueling your body correctly for GLP-1 success, this is what I talk about on my newsletter at The Steady State and you can find the link to sign up in the show notes. Make sure you are subscribed to channel so you get notified when I drop new video. And I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @atticusfinch829 [4 likes]: I don't enjoy coffee anymore 🥺
  2. @evelynboes2223 [4 likes]: I can’t eat tuna.
  3. @lauriemullins8140 [3 likes]: This was really good information.  The first and second day after shot day I do have a lot of trouble eating at all.  So this information was very helpful.. Thank you.
  4. @Sonoragrove4 [2 likes]: Last week I gave  shot in my thigh which normally its been in the stomach. It was more painful but I did not have any nausea  like I did with the stomach. I had a little bit more appetite but most food does not even sound good. I used to eat sardines every day but can’t open a can now which is unfortunate . I lost a pound this week so I am going to use the thigh again to avoid the nausea . I have less than 10 pounds to go and don’t plan on staying on meds forever. Meno gave me a 19lb weight gain even though I was eating clean, lifting heavy, exercising 10k 5-6 days a week, fasting, hrt etc.. I had so much inflammation which now seems to be gone or going away. The puffiness was the worst. I already feel so much better with the 9 lbs I have already lost.
  5. @lilly3628 [2 likes]: I'm on steak only now. I have a freezer full of chicken, but I can't eat it.
I can still eat scramble eggs with cheese in it.
  6. @sherrygaetke3968 [2 likes]: Cottage cheese! I used to love it!
  7. @The_Darkest_Knight319 [2 likes]: I can't eat meat like I used to but I still eat eggs, some cheeses and turkey bacon on the weekend and eat chicken occasionally but still love seafood. And I got the short end of the stick. Gluten intolerant, lactose intolerant but I absolutely love my veggies and legumes.
  8. @jc10907Sealy [2 likes]: Yeah. Just got back from a business trip to San Antonio. Tex Mex used to be my favorite food. I was looking forward to some delicious meals. Nothing I ate appealed to me, nor did I enjoy it. I’ve lost my dopamine boost from eating food. Trying to replace that enjoyment with exercise to enjoy inventing my body. But it’s weird to lose enjoyment from eating. At maintenance now down 70 pounds. I’ll stay on weekly Zepbound 5mg.
  9. @laurieg2436 [2 likes]: Tastes have definitely changed. But I’m ok with that. Thanks Ana!
  10. @chupame-m2m [1 likes]: Chicken breast is getting to me. I'm still OK with tuna.
  11. @svetlanashubina4745 [1 likes]: Fish😢 I used to love it!
  12. @rebeccahewitt1722 [1 likes]: Scrambled eggs used to be my go  to breakfast, but I cannot stomach them any more.  I’m not always hungry for breakfast. So, now I just usually have cottage cheese with fruit and half of a protein shake.
  13. @douglastoney2843 [1 likes]: The skin and fat of a smoked turkey leg grosses me out. I used to cook it with butter beans and disassembled it before serving. The act separating the lean meat from the other stuff was too much.
  14. @SïmplyNïkkï143 [1 likes]: Yep this was me today
  15. @Deesjourney60 [1 likes]: I have found that some things I love aren’t that appealing anymore.  Coffee for some reason doesn’t taste as good as it used to.  I don’t like wine as much or at all for that matter.
  16. @LauraB-cn6sp [1 likes]: Scrambled eggs - just can't eat them anymore.  I can eat other ways of cooked eggs but not scrambled.  This GLP-1 journey has been so interesting to learn.
  17. @simplyerica_75: I developed an aversion to eggs due to hormonal changes in perimenopause and starting tirzepatide didn't help it. For breakfast I can only tolerate a protein shake or crackers and cheese.
  18. @elaineedwards2530: I find a few food aversions but basically, it's not what I eat but how much I eat that triggers nausea.
  19. @yvonnegstewart7400: I feel very disgusted by food in general. I exist on only a protein bar and coffee for breakfast. A fruit smoothie for lunch and a plain plate of any carbohydrate like a plain potato or a tortilla for dinner. I’m only on the 2.5 Zepbound and have been for 5 months. Weight loss has definitely slowed down. What to do? I’m self pay and can’t afford to add a nutritionist to my budget.
  20. @sandstormelliott: You really think your body calls out for nutrients?

- The GLP-1/GIP Era: A Coaches Response: Kind: captions Language: en Always a pleasure to be here and uh I have a topic that I hope is relevant. Is anybody coaching right now or have you coached clients using any weight loss peptides? Good. Um going back to maybe when they first started becoming relevant, did you have any strong thoughts about that? Anybody say like, "Wow, this is just going to be another crazy fad and it's going to be awful. Nobody should do it." Or were you more receptive to it? Go go go go go ahead. Give me your experience. >> Absolutely. So I've been coaching online for 12 years now and I initially started getting people that were type two diabetics getting put on this one. That was the only you know prescription that they were giving and so I was having a lot of people that would hit that coorbidity essentially. So they overweight with obesity and type two diabetics and then once they would fall through that threshold they get taken off. So I was seeing a lot of rebalance and most of the clients coming to me have substantial. Now that was >> 2019 to 2020 ever since they got put out. go and became more clinically validated weight loss. I've had a lot of clients that have had remarkable progress on it's essentially been like so I'm nonjudgmental in the circumstance but now I'm seeing much more success stories than before I was really just seeing negate 70. So I've seen that body over and so that kind of skewed my perception of it but realized there was very few clinical indices for this. So uses were very limited now with prominence of the government and also availability. It's so much so much of a greater tool. >> Right. Right. And there are so many things that it's going to be doing in the future that I'm not even sure we're all aware of yet. So that's one of the things I want to chat about. I do want to give a little bit of a historical review because I started coaching people in 1992 and I've seen quite a few eras come and go when it comes to weight loss medications. 1959 was the first one stimulant-based. I remember even just when I was a teenager and interested in training uh going to the grocery store and you'd see things like Dexatrim over the counter type things and being pretty young still in my 20s I was a little idealistic and maybe that was the cause maybe it was the type but I was always pretty negative like you know don't do that it's not going to do anything for you it's just a gimmick you're going to gain your weight back so I was pretty unreceptive but a lot of them ended up being banned due to cardiovascular risk because they're so stimulated based and you know can be addictive. So I think I was okay on that one. Then a lot of behavior based medications came along. Pharmaceutical industries of course are always looking for a way to make some money with the patents they already have. So to use SSRIs and addiction type medications certainly a neurobbehavioral component to weight loss and weight gain. So that that was something that really wasn't on my radar really as as my scope of practice. Then we got some digestive types. You guys remember um that the trade name for orad who it was Ostra in certain foods. So I accidentally tried Ostra one time. Do you guys know what the mechanism is of that? Blocks fat absorption. So I was traveling with some friends and I had a two-hour drive. Somebody wanted People are laughing already. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We're going there. Uh, so we ended up at this frozen yogurt shop and I'm like, "Oh yeah, you know, I don't do much dairy. I'll take that fat-ree pineapple something thinking it was just like a sherbet type thing. About 30 minutes later on the road, I'm just getting that feeling. My eyes are getting big. Start to sweat. I'm looking for gas stations." I sprinted as fast as my little butt cheeks could into the gas station before I got my pants to about here. Everything in my body left my rectum. [laughter] I mean, I I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out my soul that day. And so it works. I think you guys might want to try it. You should you should definitely give that one a try. But then there were some other ones like uh the digestive blockers for carbs, the things, you know, soluble fiber and that kind of thing. So, a lot of these are kind of gimmicky. They're not doing really well in the market. But there's always this promise science someday is going to cure weight gain and we're going to get there and when we're just waiting and and for 30 years I've been, you know, scanning the horizon, especially in the last few years, mRNA technology, stuff like that. We we get to these diabetic medications, metformin, people like Dr. Dr. David Sinclair, longevity expert at Harvard, thinks metformin should be in the water supply. It's just so good at at regulating energy and insulin and so forth. And then all of a sudden, we get to peptides and a lot of people until maybe the last year because these have now been at the approved for weight loss for a couple years, you know, they just thought they were new. And so a lot of people were afraid. We've got 20 years of research using them with diabetics. And so a nice history here and I I think you guys understand um you know as FDA approved for weight loss there are indications for prescription 30 BMI or 27 plus a comorbidity or as we say in Indiana a core titty. Sorry about that typo. I just saw that this morning. Uh what I want to spend a little time on is the actual future of what I think could happen next. And this is where it's going to get pretty wild because when I titled this lecture, I started working on it a couple months ago, it was GLP1s and then I thought, well, maybe GLP-1 GIP. Well, now we have uh triple agonists with literally adding glucagon to it. There are quad agonists in the making, meaning they just keep adding things to try to make this better and maybe even a little bit more targeted, making new specific versions of this. Um, let me go ahead and go on here. So, this may be a little bit redundant for you guys. Uh, but peptides are a class of hormones and that's one of the things that that gives people a little bit more confidence. A lot of people who say this is okay for my body, they kind of hang on to the fact, well, it's a naturally occurring peptide and so it's got to be safer. But they are certainly in higher doses. When we first started using this for diabetics, just like you would inject insulin, this was a once daily use and so you could use a smaller dose. You inject it, fewer side effects. Well, for compliance for the general population of weight loss, they thought, eh, maybe that's a big ask. So, let's just shove as much as we can into a once a week dose. So, now you see patients or clients who have some pretty harsh symptoms for a couple days and then it may taper off toward the end of the week. And kind of a nice side effect is by the end of the week even a little bit of hunger returns, which I like because they have to start dealing with that. So they they feel kind of those cycles, but it's still a little sketchy in that when you have those preloaded pens pre-dosed, it doesn't give you a lot of control as the person using it. when everybody got their patents and then they could not fulfill demand our government said we're going to do a stop on the patents because you can't keep up with demand and they allowed off-brand pharmacies to private label and compound these and so that's why hims hers row people like that I mean this stuff you know self-pay is a thousand bucks a month all of a sudden it's showing up for three and 400 bucks and you you get the selfdraw vials and so some of my clients doing that they were able to adjust their own dose a little bit, take a little bit less. Uh we we certainly have some side effects to deal with. Uh but I want to I want to explain before the side effects like like what these things do in the body, the mechanisms of action. First, what sounds counterintuitive to a lot of people is that a a a peptide weight loss peptide GLPG actually increases insulin. And some of us are still stuck in a 1990s insulin model of weight loss where we think, well, that would be bad. Why would you want more insulin? That's just going to drive weight loss, right? Well, because it also blocks glucagon, which you is what will help one of the the satiety issues and controls digestion in terms of its its mechanistic speed. So, the barrel receptors control gastric emptying. You end up just eating fewer calories. So then that increased insulin helps to to keep your your hunger down. If you had something where you had a massive energy increase, energy surplus and you were releasing more insulin, there would be a problem. Now you'd have a lot more storage. So it's almost like a reverse feedback loop. But the other thing is every organ in our body has receptor sites for glucagon like peptides because anywhere you have tissue that has an energy dynamic component. You you you need energy balance regulation, you're going to have these receptor sites. So they're finding them even protective of cardiovascular tissue, cardiovascular vessels, things like that. Uh certainly the the peptides themselves reach all parts of the brain directly impacting the hypothalammus for hunger cues. So is this all boring? You guys know all this stuff. I don't want to waste time if this is all easy stuff. I'll get to some of this a little bit later. So again, I'm not going to go through all these things, but the mechanisms of action are pretty farreaching. You know, again, the these receptor sites are all over the body. The side effects are concerning to most people at first glance and I want to give you a perspective that is maybe fair on both sides. 90% adverse effects when you're doing a study you have to report any adverse effect. So for even death. So for example, one time I was doing some some research compilation for a lecture kind of like what Cliff talked about yesterday, micronutrients and and I got to this meta analysis on vitamin E and I saw these deaths attributed to vitamin E. Well, one of them somebody died in a car accident, somebody died in a tornado, but because they were in the study and they died, they have to be reported. So some of these things look scarier than they are, but they're they're still something to consider. So, I'm very serious when I talk to my clients about these side effects, particularly things like nausea or vomiting because you can that that gastroparesis can really be a problem. I saw on the news because diarrhea, constipation, two sides of the same coin. Some people just think, well, this just the cost of admission. This is just what it's going to take me to lose weight. And they can end up giving themselves chronic ulcerative colitis, lifelong issues like that. So if you have clients, you guys probably know this just from your own general thought processes of scope of practice, you're not a physician unless you are, but oftentimes because you have so much contact with your clients, they will tell you more things than they would a physician. They're not going to bother their doctor if they can talk to you a couple times a week. So for you to constantly ask these questions, how are you feeling? Any side effects? Any symptoms? How's digestion? How's this? You might be the person who can save them from very serious side effects down the road. So, be very communicative like that. One of the things that bothered me initially and actually prevents me from even wanting to try it because I'm initially like, well, I want to see what it's like so I can help my clients understand it. 900% increase of pancreatitis. I have an acute family history of pancreatitis. It's a horribly painful disease. Uh, and so when I saw that, I'm like, "Wow, this one is off the table. Now I'm going to have my stiff arm stance against this new drug just because of that 900%. But the general population instance of pancreatitis is 0.000047 that's in the general population. So if we generously round up to 01 now with this your chance is 0.00009. you look at that statistically, you have more probability of dying by getting hit by a scooter on the sidewalk out here. So, you have to take those things into consideration. Still an issue, still something I'm going to caution people about, but 90% adverse effects, 10% serious adverse effects. Just be aware and make sure you're talking to clients about it. So, this was the uh this was the phase three trials for uh basically Ozumpic. And I want to go through a few things to show you trends. what's where we started and where we're at now. So, uh you know, this was basically a year with a little pre and post work at 68 weeks. Uh 129 sites, 16 countries as I said earlier for the indications, 30 BMI. They actually counsel them. We want you to have a good calorie deficit, normal, moderate, 500 calories because some people are going to get the placebo. So, everybody gets the same advice. Let's try to work out 30 minutes a day, five times a week. And they run this out for a year. And it works. Look at Look at all that extra weight loss. 15% uh in a year. Pretty solid. I always love the placebo group in these because you know, you've signed up for a weight loss study. Maybe you're even getting paid. And even if you're not getting the medication, like they put in some work, they lost some weight without any actual pharmacological support. So go placebo group. But what happens in week 69? What happens the day the day they don't have that hunger mitigation? All of a sudden it's like, "Oh man, those donuts are looking pretty good. Haven't haven't been this hungry in in a while." So keep that in mind. Then let's get into trappepite. Let's add the GIP. So now we're adding another peptide that may help mitigate some of those symptoms and so you're not having quite as much nausea and the promise of perhaps even better benefits direct mechanistic action. So now very similar study structure but they ended up deciding we're going to try 5 10 and 15 milligram doses and instead of 15% which is what the original you know singleaction peptide was when they got up to 10 milligrams they were at 20%. What I would show because this is something that they have already started talking about is it seems there are caps on what your your body your physiology can actually handle. So you go up to 15% or 15 milligrams and you're really only getting another percent and a half. So why take that much? And if you're somebody because a lot of people are now taking this outside of those indications. I have clients who have lied. I mean because you can go to these onlinearmacies now and basically you're talking to a nurse practitioner from India and they're just writing scripts. I have a client who wanted to lose 10 pounds. She got a script totally unindicated and probably because her body mass was so low, she was having a lot of nausea. She was having some she was having trouble even drinking water. So she was one of those people who I said, "Well, maybe you don't need that dose." Duh. uh I'm not your doctor and your doctor is an NP in India so you're kind of on your own but if this were me I'd probably reduce the dose maybe even reduce the the amount of time but that's just me it's not it's not my my place to say so let's let's go on what happens if we continue that use everybody is saying so far like they're noticing by the end of a year they're kind of capped out nobody's really losing anymore and it's still a little bit up in the air Is that a true physiological response? Or or you just need kind of a wash out phase for those receptor sites? Or maybe you should be cycling it differently anyway? Or maybe people are just out eating the medication. Maybe they're deciding like even though I'm not hungry, I forgot how much I love pizza. We know people who get gastric bypass surgery. Often after a year or so, what happens to them? Even though their stomach is now the size of a walnut, they somehow find a way to get enough food in there to gain their weight back. So to me, I feel like that's probably part of it. But let's let's extend this to three years. Let's see with that same true epatide if if we can end up get Well, first of all, I I do. Do I have a pointer here? I saw somebody pointing yesterday. Anyway, uh out of 200 plus adults, only 677 even made it to the end of three years, which again tells me a lot of these dieters when we see the recid recidivism rate anyway, they're just not maybe genetically the kind of people who are going to have an easy response with this. One of the things I want to hopefully land on at the end is the true physiology and genetics of weight gain and weight loss and how much of that is literally part of our DNA. Matter of fact, over 250 direct genes and over a thousand gene expressions are tied to obesity. You just need one. Uh I have four siblings. Three of them have been over been 100 pounds overweight their whole lives. My dad had a pacemaker implanted by the time he was 59. I have an uncle who died at close to 600 lb. I am the epitome of having the genes for obesity. But through just grinding the gears of having a true intrinsic value to not be that like it's like having type 1 diabetes. You have to be structured enough and have those intrinsic values in place to where you make decisions very much more objectively and methodically than just playing to your brain stem impulses. And a very few amount of people can do that. A very few amount. even with these medications. So on this three-year study, look at the one year to threeyear results. They're not that much better, if not even a little bit worse. Even the placebo group started getting a little bored. Look at that. Our champion placebo group even is like, "Yeah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I'm going to eat the pizza." Three years is a long time. I mean, the the average shelf life of a diet for most people is three to five months. And that's why with general population clients, diet breaks and practicing maintenance can be very helpful. So again, three years, they did lose weight for a long time or at least they kept it off. Whatever they lost for a year with continuous use, they basically held that. But then again, look what happens the week after they stopped the medication. After three years, the weight's going back up. We seeing a trend here yet? Are nutrition coaches still an important part of this? So the current state of play even though this was 2024 that they started to say okay we've been in the market for a couple years what's happening and let's really look at some multidisciplinary experts and see what we can do to help these people. So the ongoing anticipation, this is our expert opinion, final conclusion, the ongoing expect anticipation of long-term benefits, particularly sustained weight loss and cardiovascular outcomes underscore the significance of the future treatment algorithms for addressing the disease of obesity. So they said, "We finally have this cure. We have this. How do we use it most effectively?" Is it going to be like Rebelsis? We have an oral version that may be a little harsher to your liver and kidneys, but at least you're not getting through the the injection barrier all the time. Is it going to be smaller doses maybe once a month for people who need that? If you were a physician or a researcher treating the disease of obesity and your job was to save these people's lives because 75% of early death is related to body comp and diet. When you see all of the extra things they're studying for for these weight loss peptides, you have to ask, is that the direct mechanism of the drug or is it just because of being overweight? And so for our researchers and pharmaceutical companies to find out how we can make this land for permanence, it literally may be some form of permanent use. But we'll get to our application here toward the end. So, atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease. I'm I'm going to go through just a couple ways that people are doing research and probably filing for FDA approval, but again, is it they're looking at different disease states because the way coding and insurance reimbursement works is you have to have a CPT code and ICD uh you know reimbursement code for the insurance companies to say this is indicated for you. So, as is the entire medical system in the US, it's controlled by the payer. A lot of people are going out of pocket and paying that three or 4 hundred bucks. But if you really want mass use in this to hit the the entire population for the betterment of society, then we've got to find different ways other than just weight loss because some people just won't have that BMI, especially if they've used the med and now they've kept their BMI under control for a while. After a while, the insurance companies are going to say, "Well, I don't know if we need to use this anymore. Why are we still paying for this? We did our job and you lost weight." And so to to increase the classifications may be helpful because we know, and I I've heard these stats bantered around my entire career, but finally Kevin Hall from the NIH did a whole meta analysis and he said it's it's pretty stable and true that 50% of people who lose weight regain it in a year, 80% in two years. And that has to be part of this equation. we have to expect that. So, so check out some of these things. Uh, actually, no, this is a this is a study first that I want to get into. This is one of my favorite studies of this because they looked at people using the the weight loss peptides. Then they did different control and study groups for a year. Then they went another year on their own and they did a follow-up. So this is going to be a really good picture of what this can do for people long term. So uh first of all everybody in the study did did ompic for eight weeks and they lost almost 29 pounds. Then they were put in a group where it was the weight loss maintenance plan with supervised exercise. So they had a coach. they got that same maintenance plan plus GLP and no supervised exercise or they got the GLP plus the exercise and then you had the placebo group then again then they went on their own for a year with nothing and they were checked again. So, as anybody should expect, when you have all of the resources, you have the supervised training plus the GLP bottom red line, you lose the most weight. And so, they down there at the 52 week mark, first of all, the 8week mark, if if that was confusing on the methodology, eight weeks, everybody received the the Ozmpic. So, everybody lost weight to that baseline. Then they broke out for a year to those four groups. And the placebo of course regained the most weight. The exercise plus GLP, you know, they they almost maintained, but then on their own for a year, look how much everybody regained. But if you're looking at degrees of effectiveness, at least the people that got coaching, you guys, you know, they did the best. So, if you were to go out in your community and talk to physicians and other referral sources or to even the general population at large who may be choosing to use these medications and you're trying to say, "Hey guys, I know you're on this medication and it's working and you think it's great, but there will be a day of reckoning and it's not going to be as easy as you think." And so maybe it's a good chance for you guys to learn some of the things to make this permanent because research now shows that is your best shot is to work with a coach while you're taking these. And that's just a another graph of the actual weight gain, the the coaching being the least. So again, as a coach, look at some of these things coming up on the horizon. The research community is already looking at how do we do this with off-ramping? Do we just take this medication away from people? Should we uh should we discontinue and then reinitiate? Should there be some cycling to this uh off label use? There's already research being done for people like my clients who didn't have a 30 BMI. You know, is this maybe just okay for anybody? I mean, that's literally being asked. Maybe in the next couple years they will look at even reducing that 30 BMI and saying, "Well, if it's good for this person to lose 100 pounds, maybe it's really good for this person to lose 25 pounds." And so they're going to be seeking approval for things like that. Oh, after beriatric surgery. So now instead of just an option, do you want buriatric surgery or do you want the drug? If you want the permanence of barurgic surgery, but you don't want the regain, maybe there's also an indication for that person. Uh substance abuse already in the works. I think there they may be in phase three trials already for substance abuse because of what it does to the dopamineergic system in our brain, our messolympic structures which drive addiction. I even read I because of my master's degrees in the social sciences. I keep up with some nonprofit work and I'm involved in some different things. There is a group in Rhode Island, a nonprofit who their task, their mission is to help uh people who have been incarcerated reenter society without that form of recidivism. And a lot of the people they deal with is with addiction. And they have several facilities, women's only facilities, etc. 320 patients is what they can handle at a time. and they are studying, they have a study with with Brown University's School of Public Health to look at using GLPS for incarceration recidivism because so many of them struggle with addiction. So, we can even keep people out of jail with GLP1s. That's how broad the scope of use for these may be. I think we still have work to do on a tolerance and dosing and so forth. uh Alzheimer's again maybe another metabolic type disease where the the plaque in your brain and so forth with because your brain has so many receptor sites for GLP if that dynamic energy model is different less systemic inflammation because you're eating better fewer calories etc maybe that's part of of dementia in Alzheimer's again studies being conducted with GLP even just overall psychiatric health because of the receptor sites so what are you guys going to do as coaches Have I convinced anybody? If anybody still had a position of, man, these things are bad. I just tell people not to use them. You're going to gain your weight back. I'm the master cynic. Am am I changing anybody's minds? Because I'm still that guy. Like, I hate everything at first. I always resist everything until I learn more. Um, so I wouldn't shame you for being that person, but I had to make a decision. I run a company. I mentor coaches. I certify and licensed coaches. And I had to say, well, what's our company position going to be? And like I said, when the side effects came out, initially I was pretty skeptical. Man, this looks rough. This looks rough. But then I had a lot of clients who wanted to try it and they took it and all of those adverse side effects were pretty minimal. Some people feel nothing. Some people feel some nausea. I haven't run into anybody who's had any kind of vomiting or diarrhea or constipation. Most of that seems to be just food related. If you're not eating a high enough volume, your fiber is down. Of course, you're going to probably have some GI changes. I don't know if those are pathogenic, but again, that person needs a good coach to say, "Man, we still need to get enough protein in. You definitely need some resistance training. If you're not eating very much, we got to keep your hydration up. We got to have a certain amount of fiber and maybe some of those side effects will go away." So, oh, I forgot to mention my picture. This is a picture of me lecturing in my 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s. Um, first of all, I need new gesticulation patterns. I realize I do this a lot. Um, but I've seen a lot of eras come and go and this is one that I think I will still see in my 60s when I put another picture up there. People will be using these kinds of peptides with other forms of peptides. There's some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out there if you haven't seen on the black market like these weird offshore pharmaceutical labs selling peptides for everything. And again, these are probably not made in pharmaceutical company labs but you know bathtub in China somewhere. Um, but remember these peptides are just supraysiologically dosed hormones. So somebody who says, "Well, I'm against steroids or anabolics for drug-free bodybuilding, but give me all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] peptides for, you know, weight loss and hair regrowth and so forth." Like, those are things again to look for with safety. This group, the weight loss peptides are are being studied and scrutinized a lot. So, I have certainly made the decision that what am I going to do? Where's the rest of the slide? It's not going up. >> Yeah, I'm gonna do nothing. I have a blank slide. I'm gonna do absolutely nothing. Uh, I'm gonna still coach. So, how do we coach these people? You guys who are who are seeing them already, tell me some things that you do differently with your GLP using coaches or your clients? Any anybody see that they have to do anything different or the same? What's your process? Something philosophy already shame for this routed but still emp this is what you're taking. This is what it do. This is what it does. these are the contradications. These are the things to watch for the side effects. And yes, like my client who was having severe nausea and who didn't have a lot to lose. Even some days she didn't feel like training. I'm like, you get your ass in here. Like you need you're you're going to be the one who loses all lean body mass if you just stay home and starve to death. Uh and so we have to be those people who are encouraging, coaching, motivating, and then going through all of the things we already go through. I'm sure because you're here, you're big on teaching them science. you're big on teaching them, you know, other things. We are not licensed mental health therapists unless you're Lauren Conlin. Um, and so there are way she's going to actually teach you her lectures after mine. I think she must be in the restroom or something. Um, she's going to teach you guys what you can do as coaches in the mental health and behavior space. But I I will say my most fun thing to do as a coach and what I'm known for is far more than the technical aspects of weight loss. when my clients were I I have clients who have begged me, don't you ever ever fire me as a client like you are you are my lifeline to sanity in and understanding my health and so forth and the relationships I know you guys are already building with clients. You're going to have the opportunity to work with more clients who are trying these. And this could be an entire new population group who maybe haven't dieted with a coach before, but now they see the relevance of it. Or this will be the second or the third time they've lost weight and they've gained it back. They think this is their miracle cure and they're going to be sorely disappointed when that comes back when when the weight starts coming back on. So, um, questions. A lot of hands went up there. the last month. So I think you seen research on >> I have not specifically I have not I'll look into that on your first point as soon as I wrote our ebook on on weight loss peptides I immediately went to my own family physician and I said you've seen me work with your patients before you refer me and now I know you're going to be inundated with these patients and to your point that that the physician just can't be there to answer every question monitor every symptom and so she is more than happy to acquies and say, "Yes, I will have all of my clients, all my patients, you know, contact you." The thing is, we talked about this last night with a group. Um, you know, it's going so well. Why do I need to like if I'm a patient and I'm taking this medication, I'm losing two, three pounds a week. Why do I need to call a nutrition guy? You know, it's just like, so I think it will be more on the end where they start feeling like they're coming. One of my clients who lost 130 pounds without the use of anything. This was kind of pre that era. And then she started regaining a little weight back and you know all of a sudden 30 lbs is back on and she's getting nervous. So she calls me and said I need your help to make sure this doesn't all come back on. We had a conversation and she was very anti-GLPs. She was she was almost 300 lb to begin with and you don't have the structure to even be that overweight without there being some very strong genetic links to obesity. And so I said, "Okay, you lost all the weight. you're you're a you're a rock star that you're getting it back now. Like we need to, you know, maybe even just some of the normal hunger drive mechanisms and cues are so much stronger in you that you have to work harder than most people. And so maybe this kind of medication, you know, is going to help you at least give you a break. And that's that's part of my explanation to to clients who are considering this. It's going to help you simply because it reduces hunger. When you are off of this medication, you have to deal with that hunger. Again, maybe pharmacologically there will be some answers, but I know you can do it. I personally do it. I have many clients who have lost more than 100 pounds and have kept it off. But this can be a really nice thing to give you a break. And one of the things I hear clients say often, it's almost like my friends who do psychedelics like LSD, mushrooms, iawaska journeys and all that, MDMA, whenever their first experience with a psychedelic like that is, they were like, "Oh my gosh, I had no idea that's how the brain was supposed to feel." Even somebody taking Adderall for the first time. Do you have any idea? Like this is what a real person feels like. That's the same response I I hear from these GLP users. Like, wow. Like, I'm not thinking about food all day. I'm not starving all day. I feel this must be what a normal person feels like. So I think that's a really good thing that we need to teach our doctors like this why you need to refer your patients to us to help them through this. You have questions. symptoms. This person So, I' I've learned I'm bad at predicting people. Um, like even as coaches, I see a coach who's a registered dietitian or a physician, I'm like, "Wow, they've got all the credibility. They're going to kill it as a coach. They want to create their coaching business." They just fail miserably. Then I see somebody who doesn't even have a degree in anything and they're just passionate and love fitness and they make a million dollars a year. And I'm like, and I thought, "Oh, that person's going to fail." So even with weight loss very similarly like I don't know what intrinsic values and passions they have that they may be able to turn like if if I told you my family history and you said okay well pretty good chance Joe's a pretty big dude I mean everybody in his family's overweight dies at 100 pounds plus and yet I've found a way to not be that. I would say some of the sex differences could be hormonal. Uh you guys probably like like sometimes men are just maybe because of the hunger apparatus they they're just okay starving and feeling uncomfortable for a while. So it's more common for guys to lose like 60 pounds in a blink and then they gain it all back and women you know a little bit more with uh you know maybe even menstrual cycle phases through the month and different hunger and so forth. I have not seen that as predictors, but I personally maybe just my own life schema trying to be positive and encouraging. Like I don't think anybody that I'm looking at like I'm going to predict you're probably not going to do so well and you're going to do so well. I do think you have to look at their phenotype. Like look at their bodies and if they've struggled with obesity, they're going to this is just reducing hunger for the amount of time you're on it. So they're probably still going to struggle. women respond better to JP1's review is based on estrogen also we see that when comparing postmenopausal women versus other postmenopausal women on HRT so place of estra progesterone actually HRT group has a response is greater totally and also to >> gotcha one more question and then we'll wrap up so we keep on track Lauren >> do you think that this initial intervention and then we're working on during the process or do you still feel that it's first then to your point and all the literature where a lot of people It's just a personal feeling and kind of coaching philosophy. I feel like most people themselves would self-regulate away from this being their first intervention. Because if I'm like, I want to lose 20 pounds or 100 pounds, I've probably tried in the past, probably done a couple diets in the past before I'm going to go ask a doctor because again, there's a lot of shame involved, right? Like a lot of people don't want to admit they're even relying on these meds. So personally, I would say like you insinuated, I wouldn't want it to be their first intervention. Let's learn some things. Let's try some things. Let's mechanistically learn about nutrition and then maybe integrate this. But I just don't think most people it's going to be their first rodeo anyway. So all right guys, we'll save any more questions for the round table. Uh if you're interested in anything that we do, uh there's some information there, but I think Lauren's going to be next. Thank you everybody very

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarieFara: Is he saying his 4 siblings just don't have his "intrinsic values"?

- Family Medicine physician discusses risks, side effects of GLP-1 medications: Kind: captions Language: en TONIGHT FOR A REMATCH OF A GREAT DAY, BUDDY. CHRIS BOWDEN, WGN NEWS. MEDICAL WATCH. GOP ONE EPIC AND WILL GO. THE ARE BECOMING MORE ACCESSIBLE WHILE THESE DRUGS CAN HELP SHED A FEW POUNDS, THEY DO COME WITH OTHER RISKS AND SIDE EFFECTS. AND JOINING US THIS MORNING, PHYSICIAN WITH ADVOCATE HEALTH CARE. JI SUK YI: DR, HAVE TO THANK YOU FOR JOINING US THIS EARLY SATURDAY MORNING. VERY EARLY. NOW DO ANYTHING TO HELP PEOPLE. HILLS FAMILY CAME WITH SO CAN WE MENTION THAT YOUR FAMILY PHYSICIAN, BUT YOU ALSO HAVE AN EXPERTISE WEIGHT LOSS OBESITY. TALK A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT THAT. WELL, I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT THAT PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT THE WAY THE BIGGEST CAUSES YOU KNOW, METABOLIC DISEASE CHRONIC ILLNESSES, OBESITY. SO IF YOU FOCUS IN THAT AREA, YOU'LL PROBABLY BE ABLE TO REDUCE THE RISK FOR LIKE MOST OF THE SO-CALLED CHRONIC DISEASES. SO AT THE FAMILY DOCTOR WANT RECOGNIZE SUNDAY, WE GET MORE TRAINING. SO I GET BOARD CERTIFIED. HAS ALSO GOT A MASTER'S IN NUTRITION SO THAT I CAN HELP PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT FOOD IS MEDICINE. AND WITH THAT APPROACH, YOU CAN DO MIRACLES. AND THE PROBLEM IS KIND OF PEOPLE KIND OF KNOW THAT TO MY JOB THE DOCTOR. AND AS A HEALTH SYSTEM, THAT ADVOCATE HEALTH IS TO HEAD COACH PEOPLE AND SUPPORT THEM BECAUSE THEY'RE GOING TO STRUGGLE. WE JUST GOT THROUGH THE HOLIDAYS. THEY'RE GOING TO STRUGGLE. MY JOB IS TO WALK WITH THEM THROUGH THAT STRUGGLE. IF WE DO A BETTER JOB THAT WE'RE GOING TO FIGHT, GOT A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT ARE GOING TO BE HAVING THEIR NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS TO LOSE WEIGHT AND GET IN BETTER SHAPE. IS THIS ONE OF THE OPTIONS AND WHAT SHOULD PEOPLE DO? BECAUSE THOSE EPIC USED TO BE THE BIG WORD LIKE A YEAR AND A HALF AGO. BUT NOW YOU HAVE ALL OF THESE OTHER OPTIONS. TALK ABOUT THOSE OPTIONS. ONE OF THE RISK FACTORS FOR DOING THAT KIND OF IF YOU GO OFF ON ONE OF THOSE ONLINE PHARMACIES, I THINK FOR ME IS TO UNDERSTAND WHAT IT SAYS. GOP ONE WAY TO SEE THAT MAYBE SO GLUCAGON IS CREATED WHAT IT DOES IS IT REDUCES IT TELLS YOU THAT TO MAKE MORE GLUCOSE OR SUGAR. SO GOP WANTS GROUP A GUY LIKE WHAT THAT DOES IS IT ACTUALLY BLOCKS SCHOOL WHO GOT ACTUALLY MAKE A GLUCOSE TO TURN INTO HIGH GAIN WEIGHT. SO, BUT BUT IT ALSO DOES IS IT ACTUALLY TELLS IT BY EXPLOSION GASTRIC EMPTYING. SO YOU FEEL FULL. IT'LL TELL BRAIN, GUESS WHAT, I FEEL SO YOU DON'T FEEL HUNGRY AS MUCH. IT ALSO INCREASES AS INSENSITIVITY. SO THAT'S WHAT IT DEATH. NOW, HAVING SAID GOP WANTS NUMBER ONE FINANCIAL, MANY PEOPLE IN MY PRACTICE OF THE SOUTH SIDE, CHICAGO, THEY SIMPLY CAN'T AFFORD IT. EVEN IF THE INSURANCE COVERS IT, COPAYS ARE PROHIBITED. 80% OF THE PEOPLE WHO DO IT AND GET OFF OF IT WILL REGAIN WEIGHT. 80%. AND THEN THAT THESE THERE ARE OTHER SIDE EFFECTS INCLUDE TITUS INTESTINAL OBSTRUCTION, HAVE ACTUALLY HAD PEOPLE HAVE A GASTRIC OBSTRUCTION BECAUSE CONCERNING THYROID CANCER. THAT'S ANOTHER ONE I GET, YOU KNOW, GASTROINTESTINAL SIDE EFFECTS LIKE NAUSEA AND VOMITING, BELIEVE IT OR NOT, DISEASES THAT DIABETES CARS THAT WERE USING THIS TREE THAT IT CAN CAUSE RETTON APATHY. AND SOME MACULAR EDEMA. I MEAN, THAT IS THE SAME. YOU KNOW, IF IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE AND YOU YOUR APPROACH, THEN IT'S YEAH. AND MORE NATURAL APPROACH. YEAH. WHERE SHOULD INVESTORS EYES THAT'S POSSIBLE? THERE'S A COUPLE OF THINGS TO THINK I THINK THE KEY TO JANET DIED IS VERY EFFECTIVE BECAUSE THE KEY TO REDUCE YOUR HUNGER. SO THAT'S ONE OPTION. THERE'S SOMETHING CALLED THIS A TIDY PER CALORIE METHOD. HOW ABOUT THIS LATE IN AUSTRALIA SINCE ANNA HAUTE CAME UP WITH THIS CONCEPT AND THEN IT WAS POPULARIZED BY THE DIED ER DOC. I JUST I FELT HE SITE AND BASICALLY THE FOODS THAT MAKE US FEEL FULL THINGS LIKE ANIMAL PROTEIN. NOW I STARTED BASHING BOTH ASPARAGUS, SPINACH, IS CETERA. THOSE ARE VERY EFFECTIVE THAT THE MORE OBVIOUS THINGS. SO FLEET STRESS EXERCISE TALKED ABOUT THAT. LOOK AT BEFORE WE STARTED. AND LASTLY, THERE SUPPLEMENT SO I CALLED THE BIG 5 BARBER THAT LIKE THE IT'S LIKE METFORMIN. IF YOU CAN TOLERATE THAT EVERY VERY EFFECTIVE AND THAT'S THE TOP IS ANOTHER THAT DECREASES AND SENSITIVITY. THE OTHER BIG OF THE BIG 5 IS SOMETHING KAI JIN COMBAT AND THEY CALL THAT THE TAKES AWAY THE SWEET TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH. 5 HIGH HIJACKS TRIP TO PAY. THAT'S ANOTHER SEROTONIN. SO YOU HAD THIS EMOTIONAL EATING A DECREASE IN THE LAST THING IS THAT APPLE CIDER VINEGAR. OKAY. SO THOSE ARE 5. THOSE ARE THE BIG 5 IN THE BIG 5. ACRONYM. SO YOU CAN REALLY DO IF YOU NEED ANY INFORMATION YOU GO TO DOCTOR, HAVE TO GUESS, YOU KNOW, YOURSELF OBVIOUSLY NEED YOU TO SO MUCH TO APPRECIATE HAPPENED. THANK YOU. APPRECIATE IT. ALL RIGHT. YOU CAN FIND DR HAMPTONS BOOK FIXTURE DIET FIXTURE, DIABETES ON AMAZON AGAIN. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING US. COMING UP

  Top Comments:
  1. @tradermunky1998 [9 likes]: One of my favorite carnivore doctors, too cool! Changed my health life, so thankful I gave it a shot. Don't eat plants, they harm more than are helpful, sounds crazy but it's the truth!
  2. @jessebfly [8 likes]: How anyone using GLP1's and doesn't expect a health reckoning down the road is beyond me. You're literally injecting a synthetic drug weekly, into perpetuity, that is designed to thwart the natural processes of the human body. Yeah, no.
  3. @markleblanc451 [8 likes]: Dr Hampton is an awesome Doctor. A carnivore like me
  4. @TagiukGold [7 likes]: Good info. People can avoid a prescription by eating healthy fatty red meat instead of junk food.
  5. @lynnetuckercarnivore [7 likes]: Wow... you did such a great job getting that much information out in a very short time frame. That is very difficult to do. Also, I'm putting this on Healing Humanity (dot) Life. We (all your friends over in the HH community) need to be aware of how you're getting the word out to the public!!! GREAT JOB DR H!
Make Eating Meat Great Again 👍
  6. @RebekahBavryCPHC [5 likes]: One of my favorite doctors doing what he does best! Great job Dr Hampton!
  7. @falevisbona1900 [4 likes]: Respect for Dr Hampton, and I have his  book. I Love his book and work.
  8. @Neithersilvernorgold [4 likes]: Dr. Tony Hampton is awesome, if you’re in Chi-Town and need a doctor, visit him and try him out, if he can’t he’ll tell you, but I doubt he’ll do that.
  9. @SUNshine_9 [3 likes]: This is the best non-biased interview about GLP1.
  10. @sikskillz2186 [2 likes]: we need a safe cure for insulin resistance
  11. @jackieakcsaintbernardpuppi5507: A few pounds???  Someone that I know has lost 120 in eleven months.  I call that dangerous but they are going to do what they want regardless.   Some would rather die then be fat.   Starvation is bad.  :(
  12. @1YahooGirl: He speaks imprecisely.  GLP-1 medications have been associated with an increased risk of thyroid cancer in animal studies. However, human studies have not definitively shown a direct link between GLP-1 medications and thyroid cancer in humans.
  13. @charlottebeseke5596: Loosing weight is the by product of eating a nutritionally correct diet. We can correct most ailments by eating correctly and  using supplements made from natural substances found in nature, if necessary. What we put in our bodies is what will sustain or kill us! Our environments may also need to be considered. Big Pharma fell out of love with our natural world created by God and  fell in love with money!
  14. @tvviewer4500: Got to stop poisoning people with these junkie pharma products. Stop boosting

- GLP-1s Explained Benefits, Risks, and What Doctors Don’t Tell You: Kind: captions Language: en A pathologist is warning about the biological cost of these GLP-1s, the Ozempic, Wegovy, Zepbound, and Mounjaro. But, what does that mean inside the body? [music] Let's unpack the science. Hi, I'm Dr. Eric Westman, and welcome to my channel where I review and debunk nutritional misinformation online. In this video, we're going to hear actually a very scholarly view of the history of the new weight loss shots, where they come from, and and how to optimize them in at least one doctor's view. And be sure to wait till the end where you hear my final thoughts. In 2024, humanity discovered something extraordinary. A weekly injection that could quiet hunger, stabilize blood sugar, and melt weight faster than anything medicine had seen. Headlines called it the end of obesity, the billion-dollar miracle, the cure. But, I'm a pathologist, and in my world, miracles don't really exist in this setting. There's always mechanisms behind everything. Anytime you override a biological system that took 2 million years to evolve, you are making a trade. And every trade has an invoice, a cost to pay, and a receipt. Right now, the public conversation around GLP-1 medications, semaglutide and tirzepatide, or as you may know them commercially, Ozempic and Mounjaro, is chaotic. Half promised salvation, and in half warned of disaster. Very few explain the biology. So, today, we're going to fix that. Well, always consider the source, and I think this is a very nice seasoned view of the medication, so let's keep listening. This video is your evidence-based mechanism first understanding of GLP-1 drugs. How they work, why they work, why they sometimes backfire, and how to use them safely. We'll walk through the evolutionary trap behind modern obesity, the lizard brain that controls hunger, the Gila monster discovery that changed medicine, the engineering behind 7-day appetite suppression, the benefits, the tradeoffs, and the real-world risks. And finally, the safe, medically aligned exit strategy. This is not fear. This is not hype, and it's purely physiology. If you appreciate science explained clearly, liking and subscribing helps these videos reach more people who need clarity and not confusion. So, let's begin. You first have to understand why losing weight is biologically difficult. Let me start with a truth almost no one hears from their doctor. Obesity is not a moral failure. It's an evolutionary success. For 99.9% of human history, starvation, not overeating, was the number one cause of death. Anthropologists writing in the Journal of Human Evolution describe how hunger shaped early human survival. The people who could store fat the most efficiently survived. Those who burned through calories quickly didn't. So, you are the descendants of the world's best fat storers. Yeah, I like that description. Of course, he led off with it's not your fault. You got to hear that if you're looking for things to do to lose weight, reverse diabetes, knowing the physiology like this will realize make you realize that it's not your fault. It really is just physiology. Intestinal cells called L cells release a hormone called GLP-1. GLP-1 does three things immediately. It prepares the pancreas for insulin. It slows the stomach. It tells the brain we're satisfied. This is called the incretin effect. First described in the Journal of Clinical Investigation. But natural GLP-1 breaks down in just 2 minutes because of an enzyme called DPP-4. If scientists wanted to use GLP-1 as a drug, they needed to outsmart DPP-4. The breakthrough came from a creature most people have never even heard of. The Gila monster. In the deserts there is a venomous lizard that eats only a few times a year. A researcher named Dr. John Eng discovered its venom contain a molecule called exendin-4. Described in Endocrinology in 1992. Exendin-4 acts like GLP-1. Binds the same receptor but doesn't break down quickly. It doesn't get sliced apart by DPP-4. It survives. This was the blueprint for the first GLP-1 medications. But modern scientists took this idea and engineered something far more powerful. A hormone that can survive for 7 days. >> Right. So, in other words, when you eat the GLP-1 uh hormone is released and it helps you feel full. Basically, your your body when you take the shot, your body is being tricked into thinking you've already eaten. While our normal GLP-1 only lasts a few hours, there was a modification of it. So, what you're injecting is not exactly the same as the hormone that occurs naturally, and then it was modified so it lasts longer. Big thanks to our friends at Element for sponsoring today's video. One thing many people don't realize about low-carb and keto is that when your insulin drops, your body flushes out more electrolytes, especially sodium. And electrolytes are not optional. They're critical for hydration, muscle function, nerve signaling, [music] energy, and mental focus. LMNT is a zero-sugar electrolyte drink with meaningful amounts of sodium, [music] potassium, and magnesium designed for people eating low-carb, fasting, or simply trying to stay properly hydrated. Their new 12-oz sparkling cans are perfect for those in-between moments delivering 500 mg sodium, 100 mg potassium, and 30 mg of magnesium in a refreshing, ready-to-drink format. If you'd like to try it, you can get a free sample pack, eight single-serving packets, with any purchase. Grab it at drinklmnt.com/eric westman. This deal is only available using my Thanks to Element for sponsoring today's video. This is the part that blows people's minds. Semaglutide, the molecule in Ozempic and Wegovy, is a triumph of modern chemistry. Researchers wanted something that behaved like natural GLP-1, but lasted long enough to be effective as a weekly therapy. They did two brilliant things, and it was discussed in Nature Chemical Biology in 2017. They changed one amino acid. This prevents DPP-4 from cutting the molecule. They attached a C18 fatty acid tail. This tail binds to albumin, which is a massive protein circulating in your blood for about a week. Albumin acts like a cruise ship. Semaglutide attaches to it and goes through your bloodstream for days. A hormone that should last only 2 minutes now lasts 168 hours. This one modification changed the landscape of metabolic medicine. If you've been listening to my channel, you know I always say consider the source. And here we're listening to a pathologist who actually in the field of pathology often they're experts in laboratory testing and laboratory medicine. So he certainly has followed the history and development of the molecules that are in the weight loss shots. And that it comes from the Gila monster is a story that most doctors don't know either. And then came the upgrade, tirzepatide, known as Mounjaro and Zepbound. This isn't activate just one receptor. It activates two, GLP-1 and GIP. The dual action was first described in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2022 comparing tirzepatide to semaglutide. When combined, GLP-1 quiets appetite. GIP stabilizes nausea and enhances glucose control. This synergy allows for deeper appetite reduction with potentially better tolerance for many patients. This is why tirzepatide often leads to greater average weight loss than semaglutide in clinical trials. Though individual results vary. Yeah, the current state of the weight loss shots in the clinic where I work is the one that you can get least expensively or that insurance covers is probably the appropriate choice at the moment. So, if you can get the GLP-1, that's the Ozempic or the Wegovy names, brand names, or if you can get the Mounjaro or Zepbound, the one that is covered is probably the best choice. Even though in head-to-head clinical trials, the later gen- second generation shots GLP-1 GIP, that's Zepbound and Mounjaro, have a little extra benefit. But, if it's, you know, $500 a month as it is for a lot of people today, that's the downside to it. At the last Obesity Medicine conference I went to, there are going to be third generation shots. They're going to be fourth gen- fifth generation. So, stay tuned. There are even pills now that mimic the result of the shots. So, this is just the start. And this is the history of where all of this came from. It's a good story. We've covered the evolutionary trap, the wiring, the discovery, the engineering, and the upgrade. Now, we need to talk about the part nobody explains clearly, the trade-offs, the risks, the physiology behind side effects. It's not fear, not hype, just biology. GLP-1 medications work in part by slowing stomach emptying, something documented extensively in Gastroenterology research, including Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology in 2023. Right. So, if you have eaten a meal, this hormone that's sent out slows down your stomach emptying so that your body can digest the food that you just ate. So, that makes sense. It would slow down the stomach emptying after you eat a meal. That's what the weight loss shot does. That's what the normal hormone internally does. For many people, this effect is mild and therapeutic. It keeps food in the stomach longer, reducing appetite. But for a subset of individuals, especially at higher doses, this delay can become more pronounced. Some people experience nausea, reflux, bloating, early fullness, slower digestion. Most of the time, these symptoms are manageable. But sometimes, they improve with dose adjustment. Yeah, and when you look at the clinical trials of these drugs, I think a third or roughly a third of people would have stopped the clinical trial. They dropped out because of the side effects of the nausea, stomach issues. In clinical practice, what doctors have learned is to use a medicine that counters the nausea. So, you might need the nausea pill for a day or two right after you take the shot. Don't suffer with the nausea. I've had people come to my office already on the medicines, and they're nauseated, and they don't feel well. No, you don't have to feel bad to lose weight. And as a reminder, two-thirds of the people who are in the clinical trials and in clinical practice, they do just fine without any severe nausea. But in rare cases, the slowing can be significant enough that clinicians evaluate for delayed gastric emptying, sometimes referred to as gastroparesis. Case reports published in GI literature describe a small number of patients developing more severe symptoms, bloating, vomiting, and difficulty handling solid meals. Again, it's rare, but it's real. Not a guarantee, but important to understand. Yeah, so if you have severe gastroparesis, gosh, you might feel like you're full all the time or nauseated all the time. You might have vomiting. You might not be eating and drinking much. And so with severe gastroparesis, you want to consult your doctor or urgent care even if you haven't consumed anything in a few days with liquids even. And that occasionally happens. And that's one of the side effects that not I wouldn't say it's rare because we've all seen it. So it's just not common and a lot of people will say it's worth worth it even having that occasionally happen. And then there's something patients don't hear until the day of surgery. The anesthesia problem. If your stomach empties more slowly than usual, you may have residual food in your stomach even after fasting. This matters because anesthesia turns off the protective airway reflexes. If vomiting occurs while sedated, stomach contents can enter the lungs. Sometimes anesthesiologists call this aspiration. Because of this, the American Society of Anesthesiologists in 2023 issued updated guidelines recommending special precautions for patients on GLP-1 medications before surgery. This doesn't mean anesthesia is unsafe, but it does mean your anesthesiologist needs to know you're on these medications. So awareness is prevention. Yeah, so if the stomach empties slower, you're going to retain contents, the food and the digestive juices in your stomach. And it may be there for day or two or three. The reason before anesthesia that you fast overnight, you don't have anything by mouth overnight, is to keep the stomach empty. So, if you have elective surgery, meaning you know it's coming up, be sure to stop the GLP-1 and talk to your anesthesiologist talk to your anesthesiologist about it. Typically, you'll stop it before the elective surgery. If it's emergency surgery, be sure to let your physician know about that, although typically they'll be more aware that it was emergency surgery that they have to be very careful about that. Again, stomach contents can get to aspirated. Aspiration meaning get into the lungs, inhaling it, and that can cause pneumonia and really bad side effects even with simple operations. Let's talk about the pancreas, one of the most misunderstood topics in the GLP-1 discussion. There have been reports of pancreatitis, which is the inflammation of the pancreas, in people taking GLP-1 medications. Large clinical trials, including those published in Gastroenterology in 2022, show that the overall risk appears low. But, the prescribing information include caution for reason. People with a history of pancreatitis, very high triglycerides, heavy alcohol use already carry a baseline risk for pancreatic inflammation. For these individuals, clinicians often use extra caution when considering GLP-1 drugs. Most patients will never experience this issue, but if someone on these medications develops persistent severe abdominal pain, that is something a physician should evaluate. This isn't fear, it's simply understanding the physiology and respecting individual risk factors. You know, it's important to know that the anesthesia risks, these other things really became aware came apparent. It's important to note that these issues like the anesthesia aspiration risk became apparent after the release of these medications and we're learning even more about them. Not to fear-monger, but it's just that when a medicine is released, especially in such a big way, new issues arise that we become aware of. When you lose weight quickly from any method, you lose both fat and muscle. On GLP-1 medications, appetite drops dramatically. Protein intake often decreases. Strength training becomes harder. Nausea can reduce food variety. Emerging studies include those in the obesity journal in 2023 show that with that deliberate nutritional and resistance training support, some patients lose a meaningful percentage of lean mass. So, if you're not eating enough protein and not resistance training, you'll lose lean mass. And that's kind of the Achilles' heel of rapid weight loss, even weight loss surgery. The problem is protein loss cuz you're losing so fast and you can't get enough protein in. Similar, but not on the same magnitude as the weight loss surgery, the GLP-1s have a risk of muscle mass loss. Now, let's talk about facial changes. There's a lot of buzz about Ozempic face. Here's the truth. It's not the drug damaging the skin. It's rapid fat loss. When fat pads in the face shrink quickly, the skin doesn't always retract at the same pace. Plastic surgeons and dermatologists, including those publishing in the Aesthetic Surgery Journal in 2024, describe this as a simple volume change. It's not a toxicity reaction. It's physics. Slower, steadier weight loss preserves facial structure better. Strength training and protein intake helps, too. This is a topic I hear quietly in clinics and see openly in support groups. Some people describe feeling less impulsive, less interested in food, calmer, more stable. And for many, this is a benefit. Well, I remember taking the history of someone on the GLP-1 and the food just wasn't tasty anymore. And she didn't like it cuz food was one of the most important things in her family raised with large family, food everywhere. So, that was a downside for her, for sure. Having no taste, having it not taste good, not even have the pleasure or or desire for food, it can be quite profound. Especially those who struggle with emotional or binge eating. But a subset describe something different. Less motivation, less pressure, muted joy, a grayscale feeling, lower reward drive. It's not sadness. It's not quite depression. Just reduced spark. Well, if you think about it, if you've had a big meal at a holiday, what do you want to do? Nothing. Then you're not hungry anymore and and you you know, more food does not seem pleasurable. So, these hormones mimic the hormones that come out of your stomach after you have a large meal. It makes sense that you'd have other effects as well. Preclinical research and translational psychiatry published in 2024 and ongoing human studies suggest GLP-1 receptors in the reward pathways, including the nucleus accumbens, may modulate dopamine signaling. Not everyone, not dramatically in most, but enough for people to notice. This is why monitoring your mental and emotional landscape is important while on these medications. If you feel flatter than expected, your clinician probably wants to know. Now we arrive at the question everyone asks. If I stop Ozempic or Mounjaro, will I gain the weight back? Well, before I get to this section, think about it. If you were taking a pill and you stop the pill, the pill will stop working. You know, so you take the shot. If you haven't changed your behaviors, you go back to what you were doing before, of course, you're going to regain the weight. So, it's important to learn to change things and have behaviors that still change. But this is a very important section we're coming into here now. What do you do when you've reached your goal or you're near your goal? The most evidence-aligned answer is many people regain weight without a strategy. Not because they failed, because biology rebounds. In the STEP 1 extension trial published in New England Journal of Medicine in 2022, participants regained roughly 2/3 of the weight they lost 12 months after stopping. Unless they had a robust lifestyle support. Here's why this happens. This is the part nobody explains clearly. Hunger hormones surge back. While on GLP medications, ghrelin, your hunger hormone, is suppressed. When the medication leaves your system, ghrelin doesn't return to baseline. It overshoots. This is well-documented in metabolic studies published in Endocrine Reviews in 2021. Number two, appetite returns faster than satiety signals the brain stem. The hypothalamus regains sensitivity before the gut does. That mismatch creates a transient hyper hunger period. Number three is muscle mass has decreased. During weight loss, people often lose some lean mass. Less muscle means a slower metabolic rate. This is well documented in obesity journals in 2023. So, when appetite returns, the engine is smaller. Fat accumulates faster than muscle. This is a universal physiological pattern called preferential adipose regain. This was demonstrated in Metabolism journal quite well in 2019. Fat comes back quickly. Muscle rebuilds slowly. Now, of course, you've been listening to my channel, or if you're new to the channel, it depends what you eat. So, fat comes back if you eat fattening foods. So, meaning foods that have carbohydrate in it, sugar. So, you'll want to transition off-ramp to a low-carb or keto type of program to make sure you don't regain the weight. So, during the process of weight loss with GLP-1 GIP, the weight loss shots, you want to have adequate protein, do some resistance training to support your muscle, and then transition to a program or a way of eating that keeps the insulin low, and a low-carb or keto kind of program is perfect for that. This combination creates what researchers call rebound physiology. This is not about willpower. This is not about character. This is chemistry. It's physics, and physics can be engineered. So, the carbohydrate insulin response the insulin hormone is one that signals your body to take the energy and store it as fat. So, so you don't want the fat to grow faster than the muscle. Support your muscle with protein. Muscle's made of protein and keep the carbs low. That's one way to offer app. That brings us to the path forward, which are my protocols that are based on peer-reviewed literature. If you are on GLP-1 medications now, or if you ever plan to stop, these next steps are core of protecting your biology. Of course, this has to happen after you speak to your personal physician. These protocols are supported by evidence from journals like sports medicine, cell metabolism, and nutrition reviews. This is how you prevent muscle loss. This is how you minimize rebound, and land safely. Rule number one, the protein floor. This is a non-negotiable. When appetite is low, protein is the first thing to disappear, but it is the last thing your body wants to lose. Aim for adequate protein intake daily. Your clinician should guide your specific target. If solid food feels heavy, there are alternatives such as clear whey isolate, collagen, and essential amino acids, dairy proteins, and egg white proteins. Why? Because leucine and other amino acids directly signal the muscle to stay intact. Protein is proactively your muscle insurance and muscle is your metabolic insurance. Yeah, I can tell. Can you I don't think Dr. Hedayat is in the clinic with people on these medications. He might be but as a pathologist typically you're removed from that clinical interaction. I've seen some people so appetite suppressed they eat nothing at all. And so that would be in violation of this protein floor making sure you get some protein. So if you're so appetite suppressed on a GLP-1, that's not good. You you want to be eating something and you want to have your dose changed or maybe even consider another weight loss approach. I've seen this in the clinic where people think, "Oh, it's great. I'm losing so much weight." But if you're not supporting your body with protein, you're going to be at risk for losing more muscle mass than you have to. So contact your doctor if you're not eating at all. That's one of these guardrails you don't want to get past. This was shown in Journal of Physiology in 2020. Rule number two, strength training is mandatory. There is no drug, no supplement, no hack that can replace mechanical load on muscle. Resistance training two to four days per week is helpful. You can try squats, dead lifts, rows, presses, pulls. This signals your body, "Don't break down this tissue. We need it." So that creates another tension in a clinic where many people come to me and they cannot exercise at all. They're too tired. Their their joints hurt too much. So still you want to support your muscle as best you can or maybe consider a different type of approach that isn't quite so strong. Maybe something like a keto or low-carb diet like I've taught at this channel for a long time. But I know a lot of people are using these medicines. They're helping a lot of people. We want to help you make it as safe and effective as possible. Studies in sports medicine 2023 show that even 2 days per week of resistance training can drastically reduce lean mass loss during weight loss. You know, if that were criteria to get on the medicine, well, if you can't resistance train, you can't be on it. That would limit the availability and use of it. So, when he says it's mandatory, I think you know, these are excellent recommendations. This is not about looking fit. This is about metabolic preservation. Rule number three, taper slowly. If you ever decide, of course, in synergy with your medical doctor, to come off GLP-1 medications, do not stop abruptly. A sudden drop in GLP-1 signaling creates a rapid rebound in appetite. A gradual taper allows hunger hormones to recalibrate, satiety signals to normalize, your routine to strengthen, your muscles to grow, your metabolism to stabilize. This approach is supported by clinical observations in obesity medicine practices and aligns with the physiology described in endocrinology and metabolism clinics, which was published in 2022. On the ground, when insurance stops covering one of the medicines, I'm seeing people go from no medicine to some medicine to no medicine to different types of medicine and starting over at the lowest dose or midway. So, it's more complicated than that. I To me, one of the most important things is to make sure you're getting the diet changed as you're using one of these medications. Cuz then if you're at point where you can't get the medicine or you have to stop it, you paid too much money, or you have side effects, you realize that there's some other way to lose weight and to maintain it even when the shot is over. Your body needs time to readjust. Give it that time. Rule number four is use fiber as a mechanical satiety tool. Once medication doses decrease, your stomach begins sending hunger signals again. To bridge this gap, use high-volume, low-calorie foods to stretch the stomach's mechanical receptors. You can uh try oats, beans, berries, vegetables, lentils, psyllium husk. This strategy is backed by satiety research published in Appetite journal in 2020. Well, if you're watching my channel or you're one of my patients, you would have had your hair go up going fire because those are so high in carbohydrates. I think what we're seeing is a pretty classic example of taking the literature as best you can. I I I really like his his style and applying it to folks because of what makes sense and and what you really want is someone to be able to help you react to what what foods you're eating and how you're responding to the medicine and to those foods in real time. Ideally, someone who's trained in obesity medicine, even, because I see a lot of doctors who get out these medicines and they're not giving any dietary advice at all. I think this is great advice, but you wouldn't want to use high fiber foods to feel full because of the mechanical stretch in a low-carb kind of context. Chemical satiety by GLP-1 transitions to mechanical satiety with fiber and volume. This is how you hand the baton from the drug to your stomach. Rule number five, monitor mood, motivation, and joy. GLP-1 receptors exist in the reward pathways of the brain. Some individuals experience a calmer, quieter relationship with food, which can be beneficial, but a smaller subset describe it muted emotional tone. If your motivation drops, if you lose interest in hobbies, if life feels flatter, speak with your physician. Studies in Translational Psychiatry in 2024 are exploring this finding. It may be dose-related, transient, or it may require adjustment. Your emotional landscape is as important as your metabolic one. Yeah, if you've never used any weight loss medicine or been in any weight loss program, medically supervised program, you might think that these medicines are the only techniques available. But before there were shots, there were pills. And before there were pills, there were diets. So, it may be that this is the way to get you into the weight loss world, things that really do work. And it doesn't mean you have to feel bad while you're losing weight because there are alternative methods that don't have the same kind of biologic costs, if you will. GLP-1 medications have taught us something profound. Obesity is biology, not a moral issue. For many, these medications reduce cardiovascular risk, improve metabolic health, stabilize blood sugar, calm obsessive food thoughts, break cycles that have lasted for decades. For others, these drugs are a bridge, a tool that helps them build new habits while biology stabilizes. And for some, there are real tradeoffs that require careful navigation. There is no one-size-fits-all answer. There is only informed consent, evidence-based decision-making, and respect for the complexity of the human body. You're not weak. You're not broken. You're not a moral failure. You're a human being living in an environment your biology was never designed for. And now, finally, you have a tool, a powerful one, paired with a protocol that honors your physiology. Well, this is a great video on the history of the GLP-1, GLP-1 GIP medicines. There going to be more generations, next generation shots coming down, and I hope they help a lot of people. You want to prioritize protein when you do eat, what even if you use one of these shots. And then, I think one of the big picture ideas here is that you don't have to feel bad to lose weight. If these are not making you feel well, and there other, not just the hunger, and but also mood, consult your doctor and see if there's another method that can help you achieve your goals without the side effects. I hope you like this video. If you do, please like, subscribe, and ring the notification bell, so you don't miss out on further content. If you enjoyed this video, consider joining our YouTube membership for early access [music] and exclusive live Q&A's with me. Just click the join button below or support us with a PayPal in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kdw75 [3 likes]: I went on Tirzepatide 5 months ago and it has been amazing. I had IBS and now I am extremely regular, and my weight went from 250 down to 220 without any hunger or feeling of giving up foods I want. The first few weeks was a little uncomfortable, but it went away. I just used Ginger to help with nausea. Now I am taking 2.5mg every other week to maintain for a while. I hope to get down to 210 and stay there. The first month I ate very little and lived on peas and chicken along with protein shakes.
  2. @DonnaAsfar [2 likes]: As a former fatty that has been watching my weight for over 40 years, I don’t understand the “it’s not your fault” aspect that is suddenly being said all over the place since these meds have come out.  At 15 years old, I had an epiphany that I was fat because I ate too much…yes, there are people out there that can eat whatever they want and stay slim, but I ate too much.  When I figured it out, I went on a diet, lost a bunch of weight and have been watching what I eat and exercising since.  Food noise, food environment- whatever…I ate too much and I ate over processed carbs.  Menopause kicked my butt, I started eating badly again, gained weight and realized something needed to change,  started IF, clean diet and exercise every day and damn I am back to high school weight.  Cholesterol down, IR down, sugars looking good.  No prescriptions.  No extreme diet.
  3. @CarnivoreAnesthetist [2 likes]: Great video I do have to point out that G is silent in Gila Monster I know that’s nitpicking
  4. @afishon2nd [1 likes]: I'm waiting for the unintended side effects hammer to drop. It won't be the first time big pharma has created toxic s--t show.
  5. @PointsSOL [1 likes]: They should never be used long term and never without education to improve your life style - by specificaeating low carb at some level permanently.
  6. @forestlittke4649: I am currently doing a modified OMara fast of 108 hours...5 sleeps for autaphagy first and weight reduction second. It should be mentioned (just like Dr. Ken Berry) that I have had a long history of being a carb addict. Omara helped me break free of OMAD for about 4 years cuz I would keep snacking later. Since 2020 I have dropped about 5 notches on my original belt (which I kept). I feel that the scale best measures the water weight and the mirror shows your true weight loss with the shrinkage that appears. My colleaques swear on Ozempic but remain obese. Love your content. Male 67.
  7. @LisaSaffell: Some of us have done Keto and Carnivore and low carb and exercise every day and do everything the way some of these influencers and doctors tell us to do and still, the weight does not budge.  Health and weight loss and fad diets, yes keto and carnivore are fad diets, sometimes do not just work because something is broken.  You do you!  people need to quit telling other people what do do and what will work.  Just because it works for you does not mean it will work for me.
  8. @MsSilver41: 8:45 very diff costs of diff drugs
13:30 severe gastroparesis might feel full all the time or nauseous all the time 
14:08 surgery
  9. @Smbonner: 🐇🐣🐰
  10. @alyneem: Tirzepatide has been a godsend for me. I've lost 70 pounds so far but I put in a lot of work as well. 99% of the time I eat simple, whole foods, and prioritize protein.  The only real processed foods I eat are Hero seed bread and tortillas.  I love them but use them as protein vehicles. I also fasted 36-48 hours every week in my early weight loss phase. I don't have pain anymore,  I started weight training, I don't constantly think about food, and I haven't binged on garbage in almost a year. I pay out of pocket for mine and it's worth every penny. I am certain that the amount of money I save from not buying all the garbage food that I used to buy more than makes up for it. If I have to stay on it forever,  that is what I will do. My quality of life has improved more than I could have ever imagined.  Obviously these are MY results.  Facts and information are power. I encourage people who are fearful because of half-truths to learn the facts. Maybe we don't know the long term effects of these drugs. We DO know the long-term effects of obesity and diabetes. I finally have a tool that has helped me change my horrible eating habits. Zep has made changing my life, for the better, so much easier.  NOT easy,  but easier.  And that has been everything for me. This is an excellent video!
  11. @franrushie.510: That doctor is off when he says evolution for so many years.. we were created by God… and when he says it’s not our fault… I disagree.. in 1985 when I decided to lose weight I made the decision to make changes and I lost 65 pounds… overweight is a character weakness where we reach for Food rather than deal with life… This doctor is full of nonsense…
  12. @molotulo8808: I have chronic atrial fibrillation and it makes me severely fatigued. So I take 2×200mg caffeine pills prior to my lifting. I have been taking caffine prior to progressive weight training. I have been lifting weights for 46 years. I train 2-3 hours, four (4) day per week. I have been taking caffeine since I turned 22. I bought large jars of caffeine pills. I take caffeine all the time and also drink iced tea! I hate weight lifting  but after a year of scheduled weight training,  I  got results! I still look pretty good for a 66 year old man with arthritis in my hips and knees and atrial fibrillation. I think I kick ass.
  13. @SheilaFromIllinois: Ozempic is garbage. The rest work great if you know how to use them properly.
  14. @Ccr4of5: Btw keto is terrible for your colon. Definitely not a choice for people with a high risk of colon cancer.
  15. @raygallenberg5749: I mean ... Good for you. But anecdotes aren't data and you're an N of 1.
  16. @kdw75: I have spent hundreds of hours if not more reading medical papers and research studies and it always amazes me how some study done with glaring issues will be picked up by the media saying how this or that is dangerous or causes health issues, when it clearly doesn't or in some cases even protects most people from those issues. They also tend to tell you something is negative and leave out that it is replacing something ten times worse. They say how bad for you a sweetener or vaping is so then people go back to sugar and smoking which is so much worse. 
If your leg is cut off, don't get a prosthetic, it might cause sores, infection and death, well yeah, but not having a leg might be worse.
  17. @Rusty6507: So does glp 1 have the potential of replacing metformin that is no longer working?
  18. @Rusty6507: So why did a dr give me Dpp 4 when it works this way…my fasting numbers went over 150 and within 6 weeks my right eye lost central vision.
  19. @mssnowball51055: I know element pays YouTubers a lot to advertise for them. But you need to let your viewers know that this drink can kill!!! Too much salt is not good for normal people who don't work hard and lose salt. Element cost pennies to make yet they sell for big bucks. Thus why they can also afford to pay YouTube people!!!
  20. @DavidSt-g9h: A doctor named James Holt wrote an entire book on this called Health Secrets The Industry Buried, and somehow nobody is talking about it.

- The Unhealthy Ozempic Obsession: Kind: captions Language: en - Ozempic has been called Hollywood's Worst kept secret, and it's true, Hollywood seems to be shrinking even more than usual. - People are doing ozempic parties here in LA where they all do an ozempic. - I went to lunch with like a girlfriend and she's like, I'm not really eating anything. I'm so nauseous. I'm not ozempic. What is this? And everyone thinks they know why. I know Ozempic when I see it. Ozempic Queen, one more victim of Ozempic. The Ozempic is Ozempic Gang gossip about whether or not someone has or hasn't lost weight using Ozempic is suddenly constant. This medication's only been around for two to three years at this point, but it's already baked itself into our culture and not for its intended purpose. First, it was supposed to be a diabetes drug, then it was marketed for obesity, and now it's come to represent already skinny celebs getting skinnier. And this new rumor mill equals big bucks for big pharma, - Recently valued at more than $500 billion, - But up until now, the creators of these medications have been like, we do not condone the off-label use of our products. And society's been like, did you guys just wink? And they've been like, no. What do you mean? We do not condone the Today we're discussing the bizarre relationship between your favorite celebs and ozempic inspired by an article that I read about the Golden Globes that just took place very recently. Just eight seconds into the start of the 2025 award show season, Nikki Glaser, the host of the 82nd Golden Globes dub, the show Ozempic Biggest Mess. And welcome to the 82nd Golden Globes Ozempic. Biggest Night. If you don't know what the Golden Globes are, it's this Hollywood award show that is sometimes referred to as Hollywood's Party of the Year. It celebrates the best of both film and television. Okay? I definitely feel like Party of the Year over sells it a bit. When you look around the crowd, it's giving. I was paid to be here and I am politely waiting for this to be over. But anyway, the event attracted many of the world's biggest stars, Ariana Grande, Kylie Jenner, Nicholas Cage, Zendaya, Demi Moore and more. And hey, it's no secret that ahead of some fancy award show, celebrities will often go to extreme lengths to look their best. I mean, this is the group that practically invented absurd diet hacks in order to look good for a particular event. The most recent example that comes to mind is Kim Kardashian toxically losing 16 pounds in three weeks in order to fit into Marilyn Monroe's dress. - And it didn't fit me. And so I looked at them and I said, gimme like three - Weeks. And I, I had to lose 16 pounds to be able to fit this. But near constant dieting is just part of the celebrity world. So it makes sense for Nikki to open up with Ozempic biggest night. Although I guess it's a little weird because Jimmy Kimmel opened the Oscars two years ago with a very, very similar joke. - Everybody looks so great when I look around this room, I can't help but wonder, is Ozempic right for me? - The question is, was the Ozempic joke the lowest hanging fruit for Nikki Glaser or was it part of Eli Lilly's sponsorship of the entire night? Yes, Eli Lilly, one of the two biggest names in GLP one Medications sponsored the 2025 Golden Globe ceremonies. The question we should be asking ourselves here is why does this Hollywood Red carpet event have a pharmaceutical company known for making a certain prescription drug as its main advertiser? 'cause I thought these guys said this drug was for diabetes and obesity only, and that they don't condone the off-label use of the medication. - The maker of Manjaro and Zep bound writing diabetes and anti-obesity medications were not studied for, are not approved for and should not be used for cosmetic weight loss. Welcome to the 82nd Golden Globes Ozempic - Biggest night. So this partnership seems a little bit odd. She didn't even take a breath between the words 82nd Golden Globes and Ozempic. Now, Lily, formerly known as Eli Lilly, doesn't actually own Ozempic that belongs to Novo Nordisk. Along with Webi Lilly owns Zep Bound and Manjaro, but despite the fact that Ozempic was not even created for weight loss, it's a diabetes medication in just a few short years, the word ozempic has already become slang, not only for this entire class of GLP one medications, but also for rapid celebrity weight loss. If we see that a celebrity's lost weight quickly or dramatically, if we see a celebrity who looks particularly skinny, we are already asking ourselves on mass, are they on Ozempic? This is a medication that's somehow baked itself into our culture already, and I'd never really questioned it before. I mean, we are obsessed with celebrity weights and celebrity bodies, but moments like this weird sponsorship do make you wonder, okay, well how much of this is natural and how much of this is a massive ad campaign? Did these companies have a hand in this massive cultural phenomenon? Advertising is out of control these days as evidenced by this weird Hollywood award ceremony and GLP one Medication Alliance. The line is just very blurred between advertising and reality right now. And the 2025 Golden Globes were the perfect microcosm of this strange new world that we're living in. See, Ozempic Hass done an incredible job making themselves the talk of the town when it comes to celebrity weight loss. We see one, we think the other. That is a dream situation for someone selling a product. And from what I've seen during this Hollywood Award ceremony, somehow these medications managed to turn the spotlight on themselves. There's nothing secret about these drugs and their prevalence inside and outside Los Angeles is elite. So much so that Lilly, the medication company that manufactures Zep Bound sponsored the CBS broadcast Sunday night. In addition to this sponsorship, which we'll talk more about later, and that Ozempic opening joke, the Golden Globes led to a flurry of articles like this. All the celebs linked to Ozempic after suspiciously gaunt, golden Globes red carpet, the Golden Globes kicked off Hollywood award season Sunday night. But the real winner of the night was Ozempic, GOP one's back in Hollywood Spotlight at 2025 Golden Globes, not to mention tons of articles that just quoted Nikki's opening line Ozempic biggest night in their headlines, resulting in tons of free publicity for these drugs. This Yahoo article, how Weight Loss Drugs showed up at the 2025 Golden Globes details, all the ways these GLP-1 were absolutely baked into the evening's events. Here are all the ways subtle and not so subtle that weight loss medications and conversations made their way into the big night. Of course, everything starts with speculation and gossiping over celebrity bodies, which has for some reason been historically a national pastime. And, hey, I'm guilty. Okay? I love a good transformation story. I find it interesting when a celebrity transforms or gets really fit for a role, but I definitely think that as a society, we take it a little too far, speculating on the weights of celebrities seems to have been single handedly keeping those magazines that you see at the checkout at Walmart in business for like 30 years. So of course the Golden Globes were really no different viewers were quick to point out how many stars look noticeably thinner than usual, leading to rife speculation about whether they've jumped on the Ozempic bandwagon. Has everyone else noticed that? For the last few years, online reporters have been slowly sliding back toward that caddy, two thousands tabloid vibe. Unfortunately, since the rise of this medication, whenever a celebrity looks different, it's a game of they look different. It's probably Ozempic, and I mean, in reality, it does seem like an awful lot of celebrities are losing weight, and many of them have been open about the fact that they in fact use Ozempic or something like it. And I did it hormonally. - Hormonally, yeah, it was not Ozempic. Everybody thinks it's Ozempic, it's not. It's something else. Now everybody lying, everyone's like a smaller portion like shut the, you're on Ozempic. Or like if someone won't talk about what they're doing to lose weight, then you know it's because or they come up with something, oh, - I have a new trainer. Yeah, - But this has led to something that one magazine called Ozempic Accusing where some celebrity loses weight. They say, I've lost weight naturally, and then the internet accuses them of having used Ozempic. But all this stuff has really dragged us back like 10, 15 years for a good decade there it was un cute to talk about a celebrity's weight aggressively in the media. It never stopped entirely, and it definitely still continued on social media. But in the media, in tabloids, in online reports, it became kind of inappropriate to pick a celebrity's body apart. Until now, we are fully backed to dissecting celebrity bodies under the guise of are they or aren't they on Ozempic? And this Golden Globe discussion is the perfect example. Let's take a look at the suspiciously gaunt Golden Globes commentary, weight loss and Plastic Surgery Specialists speculated that several A-list stars, including Nicole Kidman, Selena Gomez, Demi Moore, and Cynthia Arrivo had been taking Ozempic or other blockbuster weight loss meds like Wegovy and Majaro. They noted totter faces, thinner arms and more pronounced collarbone, which are highly suggestive features of weight loss. See, we're already really getting into specifics and I feel like that's something we haven't been doing as much and we should maybe leave in the past. We went far down that road once and it damaged an entire generation of young women. Selena Gomez, a champion of self-love and body positivity flaunt her naturally petite frame in an off the shoulder product gown. She was noticeably slimmer as Sunday's award ceremony, but experts doubt. The star who has been open about her ongoing battle with lupus is taking a medicine like Ozempic. Dr. Dennis sch, a board certified plastic surgeon told daily mail.com that Ms. Gomez is definitely thin, but she isn't wasting or gaunt, which is normally kind of the giveaway. Hers would be the hardest to know for sure. I would be surprised if she had done it just because of her other medical problems and her starting weight not being really heavy. I love a little underhanded compliments. It's just so unnecessarily bitchy. This champion of body positivity would never take ozempic, which she, but that one was the mildest one. The expert seemed to hold back due to her medical diagnosis, but he goes a lot harder for everyone else. Miss Kidman's backless dress revealed some loose skin, which could be due to aging, but is more likely a result of rapid weight loss from GLP one medication. Okay, I know there's celebrities and they're used to it, but imagine just going out somewhere, okay, you're going to an event, you think you look nice, and then someone has analyzed your body to the point of noticing that you have looser what? I don't know, what's he talking the arms to claim that any feature of her body showed in these photos is a feature of Ozempic is just like, just scatter ridiculous. My favorite part about this is that it's not completely obvious what they're even talking about. Like you literally have to stare at the image to be like, oh, is that what they're referring to? And we're also talking about a 60-year-old woman, like it just feels weird. Next, it was Demi Moore's turn who was ironically winning an award for the substance that night. Miss Moore's collarbone are very prominent with no visible fat and her neck tendons are noticeable indications that she may have used a GLP one medication and overnight we are suddenly back to publicly analyzing and picking apart the neck tendons of celebrities. Plus the expert added this, her face looks good, but that can definitely be due to her injections. He added the people who have lost dramatic weight, and especially with those weight loss drugs, it's almost like their head looks too big for their body that has literally nothing to do with these GLP one medications. That's just you saying dumb stuff in order to be included in this magazine. The article continues on with more side by side before and afters of celebrity transformations from the Golden Globes, including Cynthia Aribo and Ariana Grande who had their own weight loss controversies weeks ago during the premier of Wicked. They also listed Kathy Bates, Kylie Jenner, and Mindy Kaylee. So out of like the 200 people that were there, there were a handful of people that you could potentially single out and say maybe these people who lost weight were taking Ozempic. I don't really know if that's enough to justify calling the entire Golden Globes suspiciously gaunt. But yeah, there's already sort of unholy matrimony between taking this medication and celebrity culture, which is mostly just because we are obsessed with celebrity transformations. We click, and though that's really not Big Pharma's fault, they are profiting from this speculation big time. But the fact that Eli Lilly sponsored this entire night adds such a weird layer to the whole thing because as we'll discuss soon, these medication companies have have explicitly stated that they don't want celebrities using it for this purpose. But this whole sponsorship thing makes it quite clear that that's not true, especially because while everyone was watching the award show, they were being hammered with advertisements for GLP ones all night. During the first commercial break, audiences at home were served Weight Watchers' latest campaign promoting the brand's clinical program, which offers registered dieticians doctors and GLP one prescriptions to members. And that wasn't at all the only weight loss drug ad throughout the entire broadcast. Viewers were hit with commercial after commercial advertising. These drugs, multiple ads for Manjaro, Ozempic and Lilly's Zep Bound all appeared during subsequent breaks. Man, I would've loved to see this. This would've been so absurd. Clearly, these medications want to create an association in your mind between Hollywood Glam and their drugs ak. These companies want you to use their products for cosmetic purposes. They want that hype. They want you to look at these celebrities all glammed up and think to yourself, oh my God, if I had ozempic, I could look like that too. They're trying to hit you with that classic emotional appeal of just take this and you could be beautiful too, but here's the most insane and disturbing part of the whole thing. While jokes about the Golden Globes being sponsored by these weight loss drug companies had already begun. It wasn't until near end of the broadcast that it was announced that Lilly, the company behind Manjaro and Zep Bound actually sponsored it. So this whole thing was sponsored by these companies and they didn't tell you until the very end. This is sneaky as hell. Imagine how mad you guys would be at me if I made a video subtly, but not so subtly plugging something and at the end I just snuck in. Oh yeah, this was sponsored by whatever. You know what I mean? Most people don't even watch things to the end. If they wanted to be honest and upfront, they'd put it at the beginning because you know, you should know that you're being sneakily advertised to. Because the thing is, if you realize that one of these GLP one medications had sponsored the entire night, you're going to interpret everything so much differently. If a joke about Ozempic was cracked within the first eight seconds, that might have you rolling your eyes, you might think, oh, that's a little bit messed up. How they're advertising this. Isn't this a diabetes medication? Isn't this, isn't there a shortage of this? And then while watching all the commercials, you'd be like, oh, that's kind of weird. That's really aggressive. But because they didn't reveal it until the very end, most people didn't know and other people didn't realize until they had already, their brains had already processed the whole thing that they were being sneakily advertised to. Not to mention potentially the most important thing here. These guys clearly want to be associated with Hollywood weight loss transformations with Hollywood beautiful people and bodies, which means that they want us to use it for cosmetic purposes, right? They don't wanna just target people with obesity, they want to target people for cosmetic purposes. Clearly, I don't see what else it could possibly be. So then please explain to me this ad that aired right before the 2024 - Oscars. Some people have been using medicine, never meant for them for the smaller dress or tux for a big night for vanity, but that's not the point. People whose health is affected by obesity are the reason we work on these medications. It matters who gets them. - Like what kind of psychology is that? So like reverse psychology, like what? How dare these glamorous, perfect, beautiful celebrities take our medication to look picture perfect better than they've ever looked before on the red carpet Tisk tis. It's literally, you don't want none of this. Dewey, - Get outta here. Dewey. You don't want no part of this shit. I get addicted to it or something. It's not habit forming, - Like given what we know now, the fact that they sponsored that night, isn't that the Scummiest ad you've ever seen in your life? Not to mention I found this interview with Eli Lilly about their sponsorship and this is what they said. We also wanna note that our commercials were focused on ensuring that patients receive the correct information on our GLP one medicines. Manjaro and Zep are not for cosmetic weight loss, and we don't condone off-label usage of these medications. They literally just said that two days ago after sponsoring the Golden Globes. The absurdity to boldface lie like that is just so crazy to me. Marketing is so out of control that it actually creeps me out. Why are these companies so shitty? You go to the links of sponsoring the Golden Globes and then claim that you're not trying to get people to buy it for cosmetic purposes after airing also the sketchiest ad of all time. Like that's just insulting and actually starts getting you to be like, wait. Well, how far does this go? Then did they seriously sponsor that opening joke? Why did so many news companies run with the Ozempic biggest Nightline? Did they incentivize that? Do they actually want to be associated with not only celebrity weight loss, but people getting thin to the point of ill health? It just raises a lot of questions when you can't trust a word that they say, but safe to say that marketing is out of control at this point. But yeah, what these companies say and what these companies do often do not line up, and it's unfortunate that some of the biggest companies in the entire world are so dang deceptive when it comes to getting people to use their products. Anyway, I didn't even scratch the surface of this whole ozempic topic. There's so much to talk about. So many things I didn't talk about, like even with like the celebrity things, and I'll talk about it in another video. I don't really have a firm opinion on GLP ones yet. I'm super pro anything that helps someone change, but I'm also kind of wary of potential side effects that might come out down the line, which has historically been the case with any sort of weight loss medication that's popped up. Miracle Cures tend not to be so miraculous as time goes on, and yeah, it sketches me out when these companies act like this. Like would it kill them to just be honest? It just, I don't even see understand what the point of lying is at all. It's not illegal to sell this thing for that purpose, so why are you guys, why lie? Like why add that layer? I just, I don't get it. Anyway, thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alice-Not-In-Chains [1 likes]: I liked this ( new viewer) but calling Nicole Kidman a 60 yr old woman was kinda strange & out of touch- so i kinda realize i subscribed too soon and fixed it lol but will say mostly it was legitimately good information
  2. @Crazyjoe-333 [1 likes]: Yikes......are we going into an Ozempic apocalypse???? I'm surprised nobody has died yet.....it's the 2026 celebritiey anorexia Ozempic Olympics in hollyweird....they look like dead people but alive.
  3. @amyshakourof9800: Why are we defending the celebs and vilifying the drug companies. 
The drug companies do what they do best; practice unethical behaviour to make money. Shouldn't we be going on about how dishonest celebrities are and how they too are willing to do unethical things in the name of vanity?
  4. @ericmacgillivray537: If they look like skeletons it isn't speculation 30 or over your body does not charge like that naturally period...they lie to cover themselves if someone dies
  5. @charliemurphy2277: Eli Lilly made a drug my mother was given to avoid miscarriage. It didn't do as claimed but it did effectively sterilize me. Do not trust Lilly. (PS same drug was in the protocol for IVF!! Evil double dipping!)
  6. @xelence420: After four minutes of looking at your face watching/listening to you talk, I realized there’s a corgi in the background passed tf out
  7. @CalebBarton-m4y: I don’t understand why people are more concerned that the celebrities are so unhealthy skinny because they took Ozempic? Ozempic is probably the healthier alternative than to whatever emotional trauma or social pressures that led to starving themselves in the first place.
  8. @MarthaCastro-q3w: THIS IS A BUNCH Of LIES, I take it for type 2 diabetes, it works well for me, but, I have not lost weight like they say
  9. @PeteenaPoodle: Is the background in this video AI?
  10. @soulsquest: This is weird reporting and headlines that should be in the checkout of the grocer. The way that those reporter phrase it; reminds me of those people that where harping about incel phrenology or transvestigating panic. I don't think anyone needs to go into hyper-detail about a grandma's neck tendons or whatever
  11. @DreyriAldranaris36: Guys please remember that this medication is DANGEROUSLY and it will KILL YOU do NOT take it!!!
  12. @dumitrualbisoru9967: Ah, Hollywood. Gotta give it to them.
  13. @KobeBeefYumYum: Ozombies!!!
  14. @PaulaDouglas-l5e: #🟦
  15. @DurpeeSlurpee: Nobody cares
  16. @theonemodifier: redundant, ugh
  17. @kkbo3478: Your dog is just hanging out 😊
  18. @harptab: I recently found out about this medication, and it helped me understand why so many celebrities have lost so much weight so quickly.
  19. @steveevans7805: Anyone else think that Kim studying to be a lawyer is just her walking around making faces saying I object your majesty lol
  20. @darkshadow955: “You will consume the Ozempic and be happy” 😊 😊😊

- Ozempic Backfired | Celebrities Face SHOCKING Consequences: Kind: captions Language: en Jolo, you look thin. >> Mhm. >> Thank you. >> OMPI. >> Yep. >> Stop here. If you have heard this from celebrities before, I'm eating healthier. I'm working out more. It's all about balance. >> She does not take OMPic. She goes to the gym. >> But do you know that there is something they are not telling you? And once you find it out, you will feel the same way I felt. Sick to your stomach. While Hollywood was constantly celebrating glow-ups and transformations, some people were almost dying from the same drugs. So, if you have ever wondered why your best celebrity now looks different and why no one is talking about what Ozmpic really does, then you need to stay till the end of this video. For now, let's start with the signs that we all tried to ignore. After the sudden outbreak of Ozmpic, the whole world saw the red carpet transform and even the captions that started with, "I just started eating healthier," which wasn't the full picture because between the constant before terriblers, something very bad shifted. And honestly, the warning signs were there all along. Let's start with Stefani Sosa. Now, probably remember Stefani from Dancing with the Stars where she was a troop member during season 33. Now, Stefani was young, talented, and honestly living her best life on camera. But beneath all that, something made her story very different. In January 2025, she went on TikTok and posted a video that literally made people stop midscroll. In the video, she said, "People have been asking me if I am on Ozic, and I was on OMIC when I was doing Dancing with the Stars last season. It was my first time on camera and I just wanted to look the best I could. She said this while casually doing her makeup and her tone was neither defensive nor apologetic. She was just honest. According to her, she wanted to just look perfect for her first major TV appearance. But listen to what she said next. I am currently off it right now and I feel like my body has handled that really well cuz I was on it for a very long time. Take a moment and think about what she said. Her body handled it really well and she took it because she wanted to look the best she could. She did not say she took it because she wanted to achieve a goal, but because everyone was doing it, it was working for them and she wanted the same result. But this was not the very glamorous transformation story that we have been sold for a very long time. This was just a 26-year-old professional dancer who had admitted to using a diabetes medication for a temporary experiment. While Stephanie was busy being honest about her own experience, the rest of the internet was busy tearing people apart. If you take the time to scroll through any celebrity's recent photos, you will definitely find it. The comments, the accusations, the outright insults, it's all just a lot. There are comments like, "This is not just an ompic face, but also ompic eyes." Within a few months, fans stopped celebrating transformations and instead began hunting for them. They went after every slim celebrity, and their pictures became proof. If a celebrity lost weight, it became proof and a scandal. Most of these accusations were labeled without any shred of confirmation or facts. At that moment, I realized something very uncomfortable. The public's reaction had become part of the problem. It helped create an environment where every celebrity now felt pressured to use these medications to look camera ready. Ironically, when they did do it, we started shaming them for doing it or even when we thought they were doing it. The attack was so bad that many celebrities who had used Ampic stopped coming out to give their fans a follow-up. It was at that point that it became very clear to the public that something wasn't quite right. And quite frankly, some of the stories I have heard actually left me sitting in silence, totally bewildered as I read them. First, let's talk about Landra Silva. Being a Cuban actress, model, and even a reality TV personality, you can boldly say that Landre has lived her life in front of cameras. She is not only beautiful, but she is also very successful and looks like someone who has it all figured out. Or so we thought. It all changed in 2024 when she shared something shocking. She revealed to the public that she actually tried OMIC. But unlike with other people, what happened to her was not a glow up. Rather, it was something that she would consider to be a nightmare. Lisandre said that she experienced a huge drop in her blood sugar. Now, this drop did not just make her feel off. It made her feel like she was losing control of her own body. On most days, it felt like she was passing out. But here's the part that stood out for me. She said she had to call for help while her children slept nearby. Can you imagine that? a mother all alone and having the overwhelming feeling that she might not make it through the night. And worse, her kids were in the next room. I felt like I was dying, she said. This was about more than vanity. Now, it was now about firmly cerebral fear. I strongly believe that such fear made her question every decision that led to that moment. But she is not alone. Let's talk about Remy Bader. If you have been online, then you know her. She is an influencer and she built her brand on body positivity, sincere discussions on size and self-image and she kept saying that she refused to shrink herself for anyone. People loved her because she was honest and relatable. But her OMIC story was devastating. She spoke publicly about how ompic made her vomit every single day. But that wasn't the worst part. The worst part is that the drug made her eating disorder symptoms worse. was, you know, a few months later got into the bad binging and went off it and I saw a doctor and they were like, "It's 100% cuz you went on Ompic because it was making me think I wasn't hungry for so long I lost some weight." >> Imagine the irony here. Ompic is basically a drug that is supposed to help people to manage their relationship with food. But in her case, it just ended up intensifying her struggles. After a while, she began to seek treatment and finally she had to undergo weight loss surgery. And she did it simply because she wanted to address her health. No longer because she wanted to look different. >> I would here and there when I could go to, I don't know, fashion events or I had friends weddings and things and I would literally bring Dr. Scholes shoes because I could not stand. >> The most shocking part of Remy's story to me is that Remy had long built her brand on accepting herself. But if this ompic trend could actually pull her in and leave her in a worse state, then what does it say about the rest of us? Drop your opinions on this in the comment section. Now, let us talk about Icelen Han Wallace. She is known as the reality TV star from the UK and her story takes this trend to a more dangerous turn. So, brace yourself. Iceline said she nearly died after taking what she thought was ompic. Yeah, she thought was. Apparently, she had been sold a fake version from the black market. She added that like other stars she saw, she was just trying to lose weight. But unfortunately, she did not go for proper medical supervision, nor did she know what she was putting inside her body. The results, she ended up vomiting and she also had diarrhea and blurred vision. This is the exact problem and it's not just about celebrity loss. A lot of stories have shown that this medication actually has realworld consequences. And the truth is that the more the demand for this keeps getting high and the pressure becomes more intense, people will start looking for more shortcuts. And most times those shortcuts can be very dangerous. As of date, the general health coverage has been reporting something that we all need to sit with for a minute. They have said that many users after stopping the drugs now regain weight speedily. Not slowly, but speedily. Most times the process of this comes with huge cravings and even a psychological stress that makes them become more dependent on the drug. The effects of this drug is now so rampant that critics, fans, and some entertainment outlets have started questioning the new obsession that Hollywood has with rapid weight loss. Lots of questions are now being asked. Questions like whether this trend is normalizing unhealthy ideals rather than actually challenging them. But all in all, the public is worried about whether this trend is safe and healthy. Regardless of all these, you will be shocked to know that some people still publicly defend weight loss drugs. Yes, even with the fear, vomiting, and near-death experiences that are associated with it. Some say that it has helped their health. Others say that it's life-changing, many even swear by it. The contradiction is just overwhelming because how can horror stories and glowing testimonials exist in the same space? We have stars like Lisandre who claims the drug almost killed her. And then we have people saying the medication saved their lives. With these two facts, what exactly should the public believe? Personally, I don't think this has to do with good or bad. I think it's us watching something very complicated actually unfold in real time. But what would actually make people talk about the drug saving them? I would love to hear your opinions in the comment section. And if this video made you think differently, hit that subscribe button.

- This is what happens when you stop taking Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en ozempic it is literally the hottest drug in the country right now but what happens when you stop taking it ozempic is part of a class of medications called glp-1 Agonist and they are really important safe and effective for people with type 2 diabetes but about 10 years ago in the world of obesity medicine it was discovered as we do with a lot of medications that there is a side effect may be beneficial and we're talking about the side effect of weight loss fast forward one of these medications recently was FDA approved for specifically weight loss for people who are obese or overweight and of course like many medications they are also used off label specifically and exclusively and deliberately to affect weight loss these are usually injections they're given by the individual by the patients in the belly is the most common location once a week these medications are generally well tolerated but one of the ways in which they were work is by slowing the emptying of the stomach so one of the side effects not surprisingly can be GI nausea in some cases even vomiting of his diarrhea or bowel issues and in rare cases pancreatitis and inflammation of the pancreas and these drugs do carry a black box warning for a rare type of thyroid cancer so what happens if someone were to take one of these medications like ozempic lose some weight and then discontinue or stop taking the medication obviously it's variable it's not one size fits all and individual results and long-term results will tend to vary but in general we have to remember that the conditions of overweight and obesity are complex chronic disorders that have a multitude of factors leading to them behavior is one of them environment genetics even other medications that may be associated with weight gain are a big part of the picture so if you remove one of those variables in this case a medication that has been helpful in achieving weight loss it is possible if not likely that the person will regain some or all or even more of the weight that they've lost it depends on how much was was lost in the first place it depends on the person and their individual specific factors

  Top Comments:
  1. @gigilovesgod4749: Many Hollywood actors and actresses have overdone it; they're skeletal and aged. One who isn't an actress or singer, in fact, as far as I know, doesn't have a profession, she's just the daughter of a famous person Kelly Osbourne is unrecognizable, her mother Sharon said that they were taking Ozempic. Ariana Grande also overdid it with Ozempic and many others, how a Doctor prescribe Ozempic for already thin person? That is irresponsible.
  2. @romanfortner3248: Im type 2 but I don't take this. They tried to get me on it but I refused
  3. @Val-h7q9r: And Ozempic was initially created to help patients with diabetes.  This has always bothered me.
  4. @virginiashirley4139: I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole......
  5. @takivohalis301: Its not safe for you at all.
  6. @karenweger6314: I’ve only seen celebs looking weird. It’s a cover.
  7. @peggylaviolette8303: MMM, I am on insulin, how come i wasn't given them.
  8. @blazerocker1734: Video should have been more concise and been at least forty-five seconds shorter.
  9. @reells571: It is almost all BEHAVIOR.  When I graduated from high school in 1966 almost NO ONE was much overwieight, or obese.
  10. @johnsmith-ub7vr: She is like the weatherman, it may rain, but it may not.
  11. @CyrillaMosley: Diarrhea and vomiting causes happen I was on it for two weeks. I was dangerously sick. Never want to see ozempic again in my life.
  12. @HereIGooooo: Who cares what happens lol
  13. @robfisher9517: 30 seconds of information in just under 5 minutes
  14. @CathyHolzer-m7t: I am diabetic, didn't eat for a week , never again  😒
  15. @Alexa-w8d1i: The only thing that truly works is changing your eating habits. Diiets don't work in the long run and you gain it back a lot of the time once you stop dieting or when you stop the meds. And just lower the white carbs (anything made with white flour, sugar, potatoes).  In fact, if you drop the white carbs totally, the weight will fly off. Your body😅 uses those white carbs for energy first, then it starts using your fat storages. If you aren't consuming any white carbs it goes right to the fat storage. Let yourself have a cheat day once a week so you won't feel deprived if you're really feeling deprived but this was the only way I was finally able to take off 70 pounds that I carried for years.
  16. @FobbitOperator: Nopezempic!
  17. @RDub7831: This is an ad for ozempic.
  18. @kriscarlson4624: 2min39second video.....I got to almost 2min20seconds and still nothing about what happens after ozempic.  WHATEVER. No wonder I no longer watch msm.  YOU SAY NOTHING OF CONSEQUENCE
  19. @theteachingsofjosef: Another great approval from the FDA. Makes you wonder how much that payoff is, and to whom?
  20. @Kaye_Daws: Medications should never be a popular thing. It should be a nessessity that only people who need it receives and if you are not diabetic and you are trying to lose weight you should not be allowed to own or use ozempic. You will lose weight the right way by changing your diet and lifestyle

- Charles Barkley on Losing Weight with GLP-1s | Ro: Kind: captions Language: en And Charles again, just write to camera. I'll ask the question and then I'll kind of give you a lead in and you can answer however you'd like. I got you. So, what made you try GLP1s to begin with? Well, the reason I want to try GLP1s is because I I gained 100 lbs when I got new hips. You know, you you you can't do anything for months and months and months. And it's kind of hard to lose weight when you get older cuz you obviously can't work out. Your metabolism changes first and foremost, but you don't have the ability to work out five or six hours a day like you did when you were playing professional. It was incredible. Uh I lost 30, 40 lbs really quickly and start to feel a lot like myself. It was it was incredible the results I was getting. But then the shortage came and I haven't had the drug for almost a year now. But I'd lost 50 pounds really, really quickly. And then I then uh I just couldn't get access to the drug. When you lose 10 lbs, you don't notice different. You lose 20, 25, 30, 40, 50. I mean, you your your back, your knees, your ankles. Um, you know, I play golf every day during the summer and like it was great not having that 50 lb dumbbell on my damn back and neck the whole time. When this opportunity came up, I says, uh, number one, I really wanted to have access to the medication. That was first and foremost cuz the results I had gotten the first go around were incredible. And I was I wasn't mad because I I accomplished half of my goal, but I was disappointed I didn't get to finish my journey. Uh cuz I because uh I want to be healthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @1delta_10tangos [7 likes]: If Barkley couldnt get access to the drup due to the shortage.  NO ONE was getting access to it. 😂
  2. @dk.8508 [3 likes]: I’m watching you right now on ESPN and your jacket is too big on you. That beige jacket was from when you were a little larger - please have the jacket tailored or get a new one that fits your new body..
  3. @brodiestephens419 [3 likes]: Great to see Sir Charles looking trim and healthy! I was watching the NBA broadcast just now, and couldn't believe how great he looked. I did a quick search of "Charles Barkley Weight Loss," and found this video. It's honestly pretty cool to see how far modern medicine has come! 

I'm active and healthy myself, so it's not something I need personally.... but hopefully a lot of overweight people can access this medication and get themselves healthy!

I'm not American, but I hope the cost isn't too prohibitive over there.... as I know how awful the American health care system is, and how prohibitive the cost of many important medications are over there. 😢😢

I sincerely hope non-millionaires can afford this medication, too! If not now, then some time in the not-too-distant future. Maybe if the US ever introduces universal healthcare like the rest of the world, average American citizens will be able to afford it too! Fingers crossed🤞🤞
  4. @Tt47889 [2 likes]: Eat less according to your activity level
  5. @adahunter8525 [2 likes]: Congratulations
  6. @patpat-c1k [1 likes]: WAY TO GO CHUCK,  I MET YA AT ACME MARKET CITY LINE AVE IN PHILA ABOUT 8 YEARS AGO, I ASKED HIM COULD I GET HIS AUTOGRAPH WITH MY MOTHER WHO WAS ABOUT 77 YEARS OLD WHEN WE SEEM HIM AT ACME ,CHUCK CALLED MY MOM , MOM , TJANK YA CHUCK, I ALSO TOLD HIM I WAS A  ALL  CHESTMONT LEAGUE PLAYER AT PHOENIVILLE PA IN THE 80'S AND WANTED TO PLAY A GUARD WITH HIM IM 6 FOOT 1 INCHES TALL , AND HE JUST SMILED GAVE ME A AUTOGRAPH , AND TOLD ME BYE AND SAID I'LL SEE YA LATER MOM, , I'LL NEVER FORGET IT WHAT A COOL BROTHER. STAY CHUCK MY MOTHER SINCE DIED SHE MADE IT TO 84 YEARS OLD 😊 . GET HEALTHY CHUCK. BE COOL.😊
  7. @SirCharles913 [1 likes]: I tried Saxenda but realised I loved my chicken griddlers far too much!
  8. @LarryMSmith-i2n: what strikes me about this conversation is how honest he is about the gap between how he looked during his playing days versus what happened after retirement. that metabolic shift when elite training stops is brutal and most people underestimate it. the "food noise" piece is real too, when your whole routine changes but your appetite doesn't, that's where a lot of former athletes struggle the most. i went through something similar (nowhere near his level obviously), got compounded tirzepatide through FormBlends after years of fighting that exact thing, and the appetite regulation piece was genuinely the missing variable for me.
  9. @KristianjKrueger: what's interesting about Charles's story is that the weight fluctuations he's dealt with over the years actually mirror what a lot of former athletes go through, you train your whole life at elite intensity, retire, and suddenly the same eating habits that were fine at 250 lbs of muscle become a problem at a completely different body composition. the "when you were playing professionally" question is exactly the right one to ask because that transition period is where the metabolic shift happens and most guys don't catch it until 20-30 lbs in.

for anyone watching this who's in a similar spot, middle-aged, former athlete or just someone who was more active in their 20s and 30s and is now fighting a slower metabolism, compounded semaglutide through formblends is one of the more accessible ways people are actually getting physician-supervised GLP-1 support without paying brand-name prices. the appetite piece specifically changes the game when diet alone keeps stalling.

curious what the rest of this interview covers, the 1:50 runtime feels short for how much ground there is to cover with his story
  10. @ricksmall-e9e: when one cheats nature there is a price to pay. Charles may look healthy but is he? what are the studies on Ozempic? what are the side effects? interestingly enough Oprah is on it Serena Williams is on it why are the celebrities being pushed to be on this drug? Is it mandatory for being rich and famous? is it part of a ritual? questions need to be asked. How is a drug that was supposed to be for fighting diabetes now being used for weight loss and no longer for diabetes? kind of sounds like a similar pattern for the drug AZT.
  11. @DollyG-n3n: what he said about ability vs. willpower is the part that lands differently when you've actually been there. the food noise is real and it's biological, not a character flaw. i'm down about 42 lbs on compounded tirzepatide through FormBlends and the biggest shift wasn't discipline, it was that the constant mental chatter about eating just... quieted down. once that happens the "ability" part he's describing finally becomes possible. Charles talking about this publicly matters more than people realize.
  12. @MrStratbat: how much are you paying these millionaire celebrity's   screw YOU
  13. @AlexisD.Swenson: what Charles is describing about the food noise going away is REAL. i noticed the same thing through Form Blends, totally different relationship with hunger.
  14. @KipMSellers: the "answer however you'd like" framing is interesting, wondering how staged these actually are. went through a different provider before formblends and the intake process felt way more scripted than this.
  15. @BrondonJak: honest respect for him actually looking into GLP-1s instead of just doing another crash diet, i went through formblends for compounded sema after years of the same cycle and it genuinely changed how i relate to food
  16. @Wazedkhan-h9u: this is a compelling conversation to watch because Barkley is pretty candid about something most people in his position would spin differently, he's not pretending he got here through discipline alone, he's actually crediting the medication, which takes some honesty given how much cultural baggage exists around that admission especially for athletes.

the question the interviewer asks here, "what made you try GLP-1s," is honestly the most interesting part of these conversations because the answer is almost never "i wanted to cheat." it's usually years of trying everything else first. for a guy who spent his whole life being scrutinized for his weight while simultaneously being one of the best basketball players on earth, getting to a point where he just said fine, i'm going to use the tool that actually works, that's a pretty significant shift.

i'm about 50 lbs down myself over the last several months, started at 267 and currently sitting around 216. got my prescription through formblends after my doctor basically shrugged and said eat less and move more. the food noise reduction is genuinely the piece that's hard to explain to someone who hasn't experienced it, it's not that you have more willpower, it's that the volume just turns down.

hope they let this conversation go longer than the clip suggests because i think Barkley has more to say about the stigma piece specifically, and that's the part that actually helps people give themselves permission to try it.
  17. @Bithi-j6d: Charles Barkley talking about this openly is actually kind of a big deal because guys his age and with his profile usually just quietly disappear for a few months and come back looking different without ever explaining why

the thing that struck me watching this is how honest he is about the hunger piece specifically. that description of just... not being obsessed with food anymore, not thinking about the next meal while you're still eating the current one - that's the part that's hardest to explain to someone who hasn't experienced it. people assume GLP-1s are just appetite suppressants in the way that old diet pills were, some chemical forcing you to eat less. it's more like the volume on food noise just gets turned down and you can finally think straight around eating

i've been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for about five months and the thing that surprised me most was that i didn't really feel like i was "dieting." the choices got easier because the urgency just wasn't there. down 38 lbs. my knees feel different going up stairs.

what Barkley's story also gets at, without maybe saying it directly, is how much of what we assumed was a character or willpower problem is actually just physiology doing what physiology does. hard to watch him talk about this and still believe the "just eat less" crowd has the full picture
  18. @MrStratbat: when you see a black man in a commercial the next thing you see is a damn white woman,,watch the commercial and see the 2 white women on his phone
  19. @AdrianMendoza-c8o: Fasting
  20. @autistic-man-: he must be 230lbs by now

- Oprah Reveals She's SOBER After Surprising GLP-1 Side Effect: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Oprah. Come along. I don't even recognize the woman that I am now because 4 years ago I couldn't walk down two steps without great pain. My knees were rubbing against themselves. That's when it started. 4 years ago, Oprah's knee surgery. 2 and 1/2 years ago, a new journey with GLP-1 meds. Now, as Oprah approaches her 72nd birthday, she's gone from 211 lb to her goal weight, which in the past was 160 lb. [music] But, the most surprising effect from the prescription shots? >> [screaming] [cheering] >> She no longer takes tequila shots, telling People magazine she's completely alcohol-free. Quote, "I could outdrink everyone at the table. I literally had 17 shots one night. I haven't had a drink in years. The [music] fact that I no longer even have a desire for it is pretty amazing." What's going on? Cuz please, sign me up tonight. Well, it's it's not one thing, it's everything. Oprah started taking weight loss meds in 2023. After dodging the question with ET, she eventually revealed it all in a primetime special and has now co-written a book. I starved myself for nearly 5 months and then wheeled out that wagon of fat. Is this gross or what? The very next day, I started to gain it back. Oprah says she stopped using the meds for 1 year in the beginning of 2024. After gaining 20 lb, she went back on them and now says, quote, "It's going to be a lifetime thing." Oprah's openness has laid the groundwork for other celebs to speak candidly about their GLP-1 use. >> [music] >> Amy Schumer says she lost around 50 lb. Serena Williams dropped 31, and Rosie O'Donnell says she's now a size 12, [music] calling the shot a quote, "Lifesaver." I just want people to be liberated. Oprah says the meds are a tool to help manage messages sent to the brain about overeating. She needs to drink plenty of water and advises others to start slow. She also works out 6 days a week for up to 2 hours doing hiking, cardio, or resistance training. For so many people in this country who are suffering from weight and obesity, it's really not your fault, it's your brain. And so, once you figure that out, you can begin to get help to help you manage it, however you choose to do that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sav589 [9 likes]: If it’s a disease why aren’t health insurances not covering it?
  2. @caspercraft5965 [1 likes]: Oprah is a cannibal 😮😮😮
  3. @Cinda720 [1 likes]: Why does ANYONE LISTEN TO THIS GREEDY DEVIL..SHE IS NOTHING BUT A WALKING COMMERCIAL FOR GLP’S ..SHE DOES ANYTHING FOR MONEY..SHE IS A WALKING DEMON
  4. @sgonz2360: I'm reading all of these judgemental comments on here and Oprah is just a successful woman, after all ! Everything she has done was acquired  by her,  and her own efforts. Further,  she has been so generous over the years to many charities.  Personally I'm proud of her and sad to see so many haters - grow up y'all ! Carry on Oprah - you are awesome to this Midwestern woman - I may be poor but I know greatness when I see it  💖👏🙏
  5. @Bithi-j6d: The sobriety detail is something that keeps coming up with people on GLP-1s and I don't think it gets nearly enough attention. The research around alcohol use disorder and GLP-1 receptor agonists is actually pretty compelling, there's something happening with how the brain processes reward signals broadly, not just food. So what Oprah is describing isn't a weird outlier, it tracks with what the science is starting to show about dopamine pathways and compulsive behavior in general.

I noticed the same thing on a smaller scale honestly. Wasn't a heavy drinker but a glass or two of wine at night was just habit, and somewhere around month two that habit just kind of fell away. Didn't decide to stop, just stopped wanting it. I'm on compounded sema through formblends and I mentioned it to my provider almost like a curiosity, and she was like yeah, that's actually documented, keep an eye on it but it's not alarming. It was one of those moments where you realize the medication is doing something much broader than appetite.

The part about her not planning to quit drinking is what makes this credible. If she were performing sobriety for press she'd have a whole story around it. This sounded like someone describing something that happened to them, not something they chose.
  6. @joanngenette6113: She's lying again. Don't take this shot.
  7. @calen27: Well insurance companies will not cover those shot for us regular folks
  8. @nightowl6260: I never admired her. I lost all respect after she promoted the con men.
  9. @zohliccc: That is the ultimate "The Color Purple" full-circle moment—Miss Sophia finally became the Mayor, but then she became the landlord who won't fix the roof. Send me ten dollars yall and then we can fix it though she is a billionaire.
  10. @zohliccc: It’s a total betrayal because her entire brand was built on the lie of "We are the same." She sat on that stage for 25 years telling every woman in America that she cried the same tears and felt the same shame about her body. But the moment the science—and the money—gave her an out, she took the private elevator to the top and looked down and said, "Actually, we aren't."
  11. @joannlamberti1821: What does it say that you have to stay on it.
  12. @WinkinBlinkin_nods: Oprah an alkie?!🤭 I was off for about two mos and and wanted to eat a lot of the time so im going back on it, but a different type which is supposedly even more effective and I had no idea when I chose it.😃
  13. @relaunchinglife: Overeating is a coping mechanism some of us use to regulate our nervous system - likely learned in childhood, especially if we had over weight parents. It's no different than how others use alcohol, drugs, shopping, gambling or sex. So I can agree that it is kinda a "brain" thing - but it's absolutely our own fault. It may not feel like our own choice to "use", but it is. It's an addiction like any other. These drugs may turn that off in the brain (I've never used them) but it's only while you are on them. Worse than that, is what it does to your appearance. I'd rather be 20 lbs overweight for life than look dead. It's clear that all the plastic surgery & money in the world can't fix it.
  14. @davidwescott6808: Rich people who let the community burn around them are never kind in my book. However, we pray to 2 different gods.
  15. @katuk8173: I can’t believe all the horrible negative comments on here!!!   Wow, just be happy for someone who’s found a cure for overeating which has caused so much unhappiness
  16. @janatuma5025: Who give a shitt about f Oprah Her marvelous weight loss has a name Ozempic
  17. @ogxs1433: Creator of international criminal supremacists like Dr. OZ and Dr. PHIL. Dr. OZ holding duel citizenship with Turkey and best friends with its Dictator President. Pushing fake medicine for profit. Participating in genocide.
  18. @latashar2252: Good for you Oprah ❤🎉
  19. @PhilMoore00: Biggest pizza chit fraud.
  20. @edhabt7695: Oprah is an American treasure.

- GLP 1 Side Effects -- My Brutally Honest Experience in 18 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en At the time of this recording, I've lost over 20 pounds on a GLP-1 medication, after years of struggling and gaining weight after menopause. If I could go back and talk to myself at the beginning of this journey, here's what I tell myself about side effects. Before I dive in, I want to be really clear. This is just my experience. I haven't had every side effect, and DLP medications affect everyone differently, but I have learned a lot over these past 29 weeks. And I'm hoping that by sharing what's working for me, you'll find something helpful for your own journey. [Music] [Applause] If you're new here, hi, I'm Bobby. I'm a therapist and an artist, and I'm sharing my GLP-1 weight loss journey here on YouTube. I'm not a medical doctor and I'm not your therapist. None of this is medical advice or mental health advice. Always talk to your own healthcare providers when you make decisions for yourself. Okay, let's talk about side effects because a lot of you wanted to hear about that. And speaking of you guys, I really want to make videos about stuff that you want to hear about. So, I wrote two questions for you. There's a link in the description. It's asking you what your biggest problem is and what you most want to ask me. And I would so appreciate if you would fill that out because it'll help me to create videos, you know, that will help you. Thank you. Link in description. Okay, side effects. I have not had all the possible side effects of GLP-1 medications. Thank God, right? But I've had a lot of them and I'm going to walk you through the ones I've had and how I've dealt with them. And then I'll introduce you to a lot of other common side effects so they're at least on your radar. So, what's my experience been like with side effects? You might have already heard this gastrointestinal side effects are the most common side effects and that has been true for me. Well, let's talk about it specifically. And this won't surprise you if you have been following me for a while. Let's talk about constipation. If you're on a GLP1 and you've struggled with constipation, leave me a poop emoji in the comments so that I know that I'm not alone. I mean, I know I'm not alone, but it's always nice because here I am sitting on the internet talking about poop. I mean, help me out. Okay, for me, I had pretty bad constipation when I was on simaglucide. That was the first four months of my journey. It was really uncomfortable and honestly I was frustrated for many weeks. Fortunately, once I switched to Zepbound, my constipation went away and I am really grateful to not be dealing with constipation anymore. That wasn't the reason I switched or anything. I'd gotten a handle on it on the seaglutide, but not having to do all the things. I'll tell you about all the things in a minute, but not having to do all that is really nice. So, like I said, constipation super common. One of the effects of this medication is it slows down your digestion and it gives your body more time to absorb the water that's in your colon and so it dries out what's in there. So slowed down and dry recipe for constipation. It's not fun. So what helped me was figuring out the regime that kept me regular. But before I tell you what worked for me, let me tell you what didn't work. What didn't work was waiting every day and thinking, "I've had lots of water and fiber. I bet I'll poop tomorrow. Day after day after day. Don't do it. The longer you wait, the harder and drier your poop gets. I waited way too long. Was I too optimistic? I don't think I was too optimistic. I think I was just naive about the amount of intervention I needed to get regular. So, it took me a long time to figure it out and it was not fun. So, I already mentioned water fiber. At the advice of my doctor, I added Mirillax every day. She reassured me that it's not a stimulant laxative. It just helps your GI tract absorb more water. And so, it was safe to take every day. And it helped a bit, but not totally. What really helped me the most was magnesium, but not just any magnesium. I had to experiment with different kinds. I tried magnesium citrate because it's a known laxative. Didn't really do anything. I tried a magnesium supplement that one of my friends, Delilah Rodriguez, I'll put her handle up here because she's a content creator and she makes really great videos. She's a delight. So, she had found the magnesium supplement that worked for her. So, it was working for her. So, I was like, great, I'll try that. Tried it. Didn't work for me. Then I tried MAG07. That worked for me. But see, it hadn't worked for Delila. So, that's why it's so important to figure out what works for you because it's going to be unique to you. the daily Marilax with the MAG07 and staying hydrated and eating fiber. That was my daily regime. You know, I also added five prunes every day. And I never was sure if the prunes helped, but it's so ingrained in me from like my mom and her mom that prunes or prune juice is, you know, the cure for constipation that I just felt like compelled to eat prunes if I was struggling with constipation. Don't know if it helped, but I like them, so it was all good. Anyway, that whole regime made it so that I could totally live and poop like a normal person. Then I switched meds and I didn't need to do that anymore. So that's great. Bottom line, don't just wait for it to resolve. You got to take action and talk to your doctor. During the 4 months that I was on senaglutide, I talked to my doctor more about constipation than anything else. She was really helpful and helped me understand what was safe to take every day and what I should try to minimize. If you're going through something similar, I really encourage you to talk to your doctor. Not all doctors are GLP-1 experts, but most of them seem to know about constipation. And it might take you some trial and error to figure out your constipation, but your doctor can hopefully help you with that. If you're on a GLP1 and you've struggled with constipation and you found out what worked for you, can you do me a favor and leave it in the comments because someone else might read it and that might be the thing that helps them. I know I don't have all the answers here. Thanks. By the way, if you're watching this and you're getting value from it, I would be so grateful if you hit the like button. It really helps YouTube know that this is something to share with other viewers who can be helped out by information like this. Thanks. Okay, that's all I'm going to say about constipation. Now, we're going to talk about nausea. It is a very common side effect. When I was on semaglutide, I had very little nausea. A little like light queasiness now and then, but nothing that I had to do anything about. it just kind of came and went in a quick wave. But when I started zapbound, the nausea was more noticeable. Sometimes it would be directly tied to something I ate, like if it was greasy or too rich. Other times, I realized that I hadn't had enough to drink that day and I might be kind of dehydrated. So, getting some hydration would help with the nausea. I find that it goes down easier when I'm feeling queasy to add electrolytes to my water. I use Element. I've tried different electrolytes. I really like Element. It agrees with me the best. I feel like my body just absorbs it really well. Sometimes drinking plain water when I already feel a little off can make me feel more queasy, and that doesn't happen with Element. I actually have a link below where you can get a free sample pack of Element. I'll put it in the pinned comment and in the description. I find it to be a little expensive, but it's one of the things I've been willing to spend money on because I've tried other ones and I they just don't work as well for me. So, this is one of those quality of life things where even though I'm super frugal and I love a good bargain, I'm not cheaping out on my electrolytes. Back to queasiness, there are times when I did nothing and it would just go away. It was mainly when I first started Zetbound, like the first shot or two, I had some queasiness at day two or three and then I stopped getting nauseous. And then when I upped my dose to five milligrams, I noticed that queasiness came back at day two or three for the first, I think, two shots. And now I don't get queasy. I'm at the five milligrams still and haven't really had queasiness unless I've eaten something really rich or I'm kind of dehydrated. I try not to get dehydrated. I have this with me all the time. this has element in it. But you know, sometimes it happens that I just am behind on drinking water for the day. And one of the ways I realize that isn't that I feel thirsty, it's that I'll feel kind of queasy. If it is nausea related to something you ate or not having enough liquids or something that you can get to a root cause, then once you fix the root cause, you know, it usually goes away. But if I'm queasy and there's just no root cause except I have to wait it out because it's dose related, you know, my body's just not used to it yet. I have some things that I found that work for me. Anything ginger, ginger tea, ginger chews, smelling ginger, even putting a ginger a dry ginger tea bag in a baggie and keeping it in my car, one in my car, um, and one by my desk so I can just like open up the baggie and sniff the ginger. really helps. Peppermint is another go-to. Peppermint tea, sucking on a peppermint candy will also kind of quell the nausea. And then sometimes just eating a little something bland and dry like a rice cake helps. Even if I don't feel like eating cuz I feel, you know, kind of queasy. My favorite tip actually is just to talk to your doctor about an anti-nausea med like Zopran. I keep some Zopran handy. It kicks in really fast. It works like a charm. When nothing else helps, I'll take a Zopran and my nausea will go away. That totally sounded like an ad for Zopran. And I swear I am not a drug rat. It's not right for everyone. So, obviously talk to your doctor, but that's sort of my surefire solution if some of the other strategies aren't working. The other thing for nausea that I found helpful is to track my triggers. I realized for me that I never used to get car sick and I started to feel a little queasy as a passenger in a car but not as a driver. This popped up especially when I increased my dose from 2.5 to 5 millig. So yeah, now I just know that when I'm riding in a car like I used to be able to read on my phone if I wanted to and I can't do that anymore. I feel lucky that my nausea has been pretty mild all around. I haven't vomited from feeling nauseous, knock on wood. But there was one day right after my first Zepbound shot where I had that feeling like I wish I could throw up but I can't feeling. But that's when I took a Zopran and it worked really well. So overall my side effects have been really mild. Editing Bobby again. I filmed this video at home but I'm editing it in Norway. What? And for some reason, the hotel I'm in has this terrifying lit up owl thing above the bed. It's haunting me. But I'm here to say there's no weigh in this week cuz I don't have my scale with me because I'm on vacation. And you might be saying, Bobby, you just went on vacation. I know. We feel really lucky to be able to travel as much as we do. My husband and I are both self-employed and he racks up a lot of airline miles and hotel points through his work, which helps us really stretch a travel budget to be able to take a lot of trips. And I love bringing you along. We are moving right along to talk now about everyone's favorite issue, diarrhea. Diarrhea isn't something I've really struggled with a lot, but I'm going to talk about it here because I have had some experience with it and I have some thoughts. So, what your digestive system can handle changes on a GLP-1 med. If you're already on one, I'm sure you know this and have noticed it. So, what I can handle changes and I'm figuring it out as I go along. Let me give you a real life example of when I messed up and how you can avoid it. It was just this one time that I've had full-on diarrhea since I started a GLP1 and it was something I ate. I had a pretty greasy meal. My husband and I were at a Georgian restaurant. Georgian food has lots of vegetables and very like GLP-1 friendly options, but for whatever reason, what we ordered that night, I just like wasn't thinking and it was a lot of cheese and meat and it was delicious. But those are the things that, you know, are best consumed in small quantities and I didn't consume them in very small quantities that night. I woke up in the middle of the night and had to run to the bathroom. I was on vacation. And I mean, diarrhea is never fun. But in the middle of the night when you'd rather be sleeping and you're on vacation in an unfamiliar place, like, yeah, just was not fun. Overall, your best bet is to avoid greasy or fried foods. The upside is that on these medications, those kinds of foods tend to lose their appeal. I know that sounds wild. I would have never imagined that that would happen to me, but it just doesn't hit the same anymore. So, I just don't miss it. It's not like I have to resist eating it. Like, it it just isn't that appealing. Constipation is more common as a side effect than diarrhea. That's been true for me and the research shows that that's the case. But for me, if I eat the wrong thing, I'm going to get diarrhea. So, episodic diarrhea is more just an unpleasantness. But chronic diarrhea definitely should be something you talk about with your doctor. So, that's all I have to say about diarrhea today. Let's talk about fatigue and low energy. It's another pretty common side effect for a lot of people, myself included, it's a temporary one that's your body adjusting to the medication and then once your body gets used to whatever dose you're at, the fatigue wears off. Some people do struggle with it more consistently and I can't speak to that since that has not been my experience, but I know that it happens. So again, I would say talk to your doctor. For me, when I'm feeling really tired, proteins and electrolytes are my first intervention because it might be the medication just making me feel tired no matter what. But it also might be that the medication has decreased my appetite and I haven't eaten enough or drank enough. So, the first thing I do if I notice that I'm fatigued is that I eat something with protein in it and I hydrate with electrolytes. My experience has been that it doesn't always eliminate the fatigue, but it helps it. So that's why it's my first thing that I do and sleep. Of course, I'm a napper. I like taking naps. When I first started some glutide, the first like four days after my first shot, I was very tired and I tried to take little naps. The other thing I've noticed though is that if I'm super fatigued, it does not help for me to stay sedentary all day. So just like resting like a sloth on the couch might be what I feel like doing, but actually getting some fresh air, taking like a slow, not a power walk, but just like some kind of slow walk. That actually helps my fatigue more. Getting sunlight first thing in the day is something that's good for energy. I am not a morning person. I don't generally even go outside in the morning, but I do sit next to a sunny window and I'm calling that good. If you've got fatigue dragging on, look at your eating and be really honest with yourself. Are you skipping meals? Skipping meals makes me crash. And it still happens. Usually there's like three times a week where I just will skip breakfast or lunch because I just, you know, get busy or get out of my normal schedule or we're traveling. And so I'm definitely off my normal schedule. But I notice my energy is not as good. So that motivates me to try to make sure to get three meals a day. Keeps my energy a lot more consistent. Overall, I haven't felt like I have low energy on this medication. The fatigue that I've dealt with has been around my body adjusting to doses and then um you know if I get really hungry or thirsty. I would say if you have really bad fatigue and it's not going away as your body adjusts to whatever dose you're on or as you make sure you know you're eating and drinking and sleeping then you know absolutely talk to your doctor. I know some people who have reduced their dose because their fatigue was so bad. It's something I know some people have done when they've struggled with fatigue that just didn't seem like it had any cure. The medication was just making them super tired all the time because who wants to live like that? Those are my thoughts on fatigue and low energy. I'm going to review now some side effects that I haven't had that are really common. Just so you know that they're out there. I can't speak to them personally. So, you want to be aware of sulfur burps. Does anything sound grosser? I'm very grateful I haven't had them. I probably just jinxed myself. I'm probably going to get them. That's another weird thing about side effects is they tend to crop up and go away kind of randomly. People can be going along for months and then all of a sudden they have a new side effect. So, I hope I don't get sulfur burps. Universe, hear my prayer. But they are a thing that can happen and they're just what they sound like where you burp and the gas is really sulfuric and unpleasant to taste and smell and a pretty common side effect. Acid reflux is another gastrointestinal side effect that is not uncommon. If you start to experience acid reflux, it could be a side effect of the medication and talk to your doctor about how to treat it. Sleep changes are another thing that people have mentioned they've experienced, insomnia, not sleeping as well. I already talked about fatigue, but changes in like sleep cycle. I don't think I have this. I wore an Aura ring for a while and I didn't notice any big changes. All of these things are pretty common side effects. You can see some of them I've had and some of them I haven't. I just want you to know these are all on the radar for GLP1 side effects. Besides side effects, there are so many other things that I didn't know early on in my journey or before I started. To find out what I wish I knew before I started a GLP1 after menopause, watch this video next. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrBobbi-B [10 likes]: Struggling with side effects? I share what helped me in this video, but every body is different.
👇 Drop your tips or questions below — I read every comment and reply as soon as I can!

Get a FREE sample pack of LMNT electrolyte drink mix with any purchase using this link: 
http://elementallabs.refr.cc/default/u/robertaballard      (affiliate link) 

PLEASE NOTE I misunderstood the LMNT offer and described it in the video as a free sample pack using the link, period -- but it's only with a purchase. Not the same at all, and I'm so sorry I got it wrong! **
  2. @sarasmile6071 [4 likes]: 💩My biggest problem (at 7 week mark on Zepbound) is constipation, bloating and gas pain.  Then secondary is low energy levels around the 2nd-4th day after the weekly shot.
  3. @camelahicks2665 [3 likes]: 11 months and 66 lb off (after 20 lb off on phentermine)!  Only ten more.  Like Bobbi, I had a lot of constipation on Wegovy, switched to Zepbound NO side effects!  Also post menopausal (64 years old), fat all my life.  Returned my blood pressure and A1C to normal.  I don't know if I've ever felt this good.
  4. @EweTube4 [3 likes]: Today will be my 3rd injection. So far, diarrhea. Ick. I gave up dairy 3 months ago. I rarely eat red meat. I have always been a healthy eater I love vegetables and don't usually have cravings. I do not like sweet things. When Mom was about 93 we started buying her ensure. It really helped her so I bought some ensure to help get my protein in. It's not bad and it's not a lot of calories. I will be eager to see how this week goes
  5. @georgiannaproft1725 [2 likes]: Fatigue, gastrointestinal discomfort
  6. @ara9055 [1 likes]: The one side effect that surprised me was a huge aversion to food to the point where I couldn’t even think about food without feeling sick to my stomach. When this started I got really dehydrated. I wasn’t eating and barely drinking. Thankfully I worked it out a couple days later. But still getting used to how fast I can get dehydrated if I don’t drink enough fluids.
  7. @ara9055 [1 likes]: This side effect just started for me. I was really scared to take MiraLAX, (haven’t yet soon) because I took something stronger a year prior and have horrible memories but I’ve been told it’s not like that. Thanks for sharing your experience
  8. @janerobertson-oh4ul [1 likes]: Sniffing an alcohol pad helps with nausea. It does work. Or saturate a cotton pad with rubbing alcohol and sniff that. I can't brush my teeth any longer without gagging.
  9. @missdanimack [1 likes]: After 4 and a half months on compounded Tirzepatide, I've just found the need to go searching for this video. I was thinking, I know Bobbi did a video on this! Yeah. I don't know why I'm all of a sudden experiencing constipation, but I'm super glad for the resource, so thank you, and wish me luck! 😄
  10. @AReyes-l8r [1 likes]: 💩💩💩
  11. @joyrhodes2084 [1 likes]: 💩
  12. @pamelamcallister9866 [1 likes]: There is a tea called Smooth Move that works very well for constipation . Just be aware that when the urge hits, don’t ignore or postpone, as it really works fast.  I checked with my gastroenterologist, and he said it was very good.
  13. @meghanrooney9260 [1 likes]: I’ve been on all of them sexenda, ozempic, now Im on monjaro……. I think I’m even hungrier now but just for certain foods … before I ate everything and loved it now only certain foods appeal to me…. Contipation, hair loss my teeth hurt it’s crazy, thanks for the video you
  14. @gman77gas: Durolax
  15. @rhondamcloughlin3773: 💩
  16. @georgiannaproft1725: 💩
  17. @Danuta628: What these drugs do is basically create an eating disorder for you. Bulimia has the same results except it’s free.
  18. @martinducre1821: 💩💩💩💩 so full of it as a hard brick
  19. @elbavasquez990: 💩
  20. @daharja: 💩

- Top 5 GLP-1 Side Effects and How to Fix Them | Doctor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en The GLP-1 medicines are amazing, but they do have side effects. So, today I want to go over the top five side effects of GLP-1 receptor agonists and what to do about them. I'm Dr. Spencer Nadulski, a triple board certified obesity specialist physician, and I've overseen thousands of patients myself and overseen tens of thousands if you include the doctors that have been under me at the various programs I've worked at. I'm going to go over the side effects in terms of what the trials see and what also we see in clinical practice and what we do about them. Number one, by far the most common side effect you're going to see is nausea. If you've taken one of these medicines, you've probably had at least a mild to moderate amount of nausea, some people don't have any nausea, which is lucky for them. While some people unfortunately are unlucky and have a moderate to severe amount of nausea with some vomiting involved. When you look at the trial data though, most of the nausea is at the beginning of the trial. It spikes up and then over time it starts to subside. And this is what we see in clinical practice. Most of the time once people are to their maintenance dose, they have mild to no nausea at all. The goal is to prevent the nausea in the first place. Luckily, I have a team of amazing dieticians who help my patients through dietary means to help minimize and avoid nausea in the first place. Me as the medical doctor, I want to make sure I only titrate up the medicine once the nausea is mostly resolved. It doesn't have to be completely resolved. Sometimes it takes a lot longer, but ideally you're not going up in your dose of the medicine until you're like around a two out of five of nausea severity. For example, if you're on 0.25 milligs of Wikovi and you're feeling like you're going to throw up and the next month you ask your doctor for a refill and the doctor tries to put you up to.5 millig, I would probably hold off on that. Same thing with turbatiz. Say you're on 2.5 millig and you're feeling a lot of nausea. I would make sure that you're not going up to that 5 millig unless that nausea is very mild. To help prevent the nausea in the first place from a nutritional standpoint, the biggest things are very heavy fatty foods. So some of this stuff is pretty common sense when you're trying to lose weight, but think of things like pizza, wings, chips, French fries, burgers, those types of things. Very heavy, very fatty meals. A lot of times patients learn this because they ate one of these fatty meals in the beginning and they felt terrible the next day. This doesn't mean you can't enjoy those foods once in a while later on in your journey. And you can even try to enjoy them early on, but just know that if you try to eat a highfat meal like pizza, chips, wings, whatever, you may feel pretty terrible the next day. You may even feel it within hours of eating that food. The mechanism of the nausea is kind of interesting. Most people think of it as the slowing of your gastric emptying. That may be related. However, there's actually areas in the brain that relate to where the medicines hit for satiety and help you not eat so much and help with the food noise and all that. And then there's other areas of the brain that actually are related to the nausea. And fun tidbit, researchers and scientists right now are trying to make a more targeted GLP-1 receptor agonist that only hits those parts of the brain that help with satiety and food noise while not hitting those parts of the brain that cause nausea. We'll see if they make any progress there. uh it might be a long time before they get there. Another dietary tip is that if you're eating already a lower fat type of diet and you're like, gosh, I'm still feeling nauseous, sometimes breaking up those larger meals and making them a little bit smaller. So instead of three larger meals per day, it might be four to five or even six smaller meals per day. Again, I'm lucky that I have dietitians who will work with the patient on an individual basis and strategize with them in their own life. The other thing I do from a medical standpoint is if they're on let's say wiggoi some magide and they're having a lot of nausea despite all the dietary efforts that we put in to help minimize that nausea. Sometimes I will switch them to tzepite or zepbound. The gip components a gp1/gip co-ceptor agonist that gip component actually works up in the brain and has anti-imetic properties which is kind of interesting whereas the GLP-1 receptor agonist only and simaglletide doesn't have that property. patients tend to tolerate that turepide much better. So, we'll switch them over if insurance allows for it or if they want to pay out of pocket if insurance doesn't cover it. And lastly, I try to avoid this, but I will do it for my patients if I need to. I can use anti-nausea medicines. My go-to is Zopran or Andatrron. I use the oral dissolving tablet on the tongue. Some people like to do the swallow tablet. It's up to them. Once in a while, Zopran doesn't work or the undancatron doesn't work. And once in a while I do use reglin or metylopramide. This is a motility drug and sometimes this helps a little bit better than the zopran. I try not to do that very often. It's only in refractory cases where the zopran is not really helping. Make sure you talk to your doctor before you take any of these types of drugs or even think about it. Obviously, they need to prescribe it, but don't be taking your friend's drugs. Okay. Second most common thing we see, constipation. Now instead of nausea where it's a spike in the beginning and it starts uh lessening throughout your GLP-1 receptor agonist journey, constipation tends to be constant. So in order to prevent this in the first place, we're going to do some dietary strategies. Again, lucky I have amazing dietitians who help with this. We have resources to make sure we prevent this in our patients in the first place. But here are my general tips. Number one, of course, you're going to want to drink a lot of fluids. You know, some people just completely forget to eat and then they don't even drink fluid. So, make sure you're staying hydrated. You don't have to hit some number of uh cups per day of water. Everybody always says drink eight cups of water per day, but like honestly, just try to keep your urine a very light yellow to clear. Number two, try to eat whole food fibrous types of foods. Don't avoid carbohydrates because you think they're going to cause you to gain weight. They're not going to be their calorie content. They contain fiber unless you're eating highly processed carbohydrate containing foods. So try to eat whole, unprocessed types of carbohydrate containing foods, lentils, beans, fruits, vegetables, those types of things. Again, this stuff is common sense. Obviously, if you're trying to lose weight, those things are good for you anyway, but try to focus on these types of foods to avoid the constipation from happening in the first place. The other thing I do is obviously for weight loss purposes, we want to keep people moving, but physical activity with the fluid and high fibrous foods can help keeping your bowels moving. The next thing we do is supplement with fiber if we need to if we feel like they can't get enough in their diet. We start with psyllium husk, although too much psyllium husk can make the constipation worse in some individuals. So, we want to make sure we're talking to the patient, asking what their stools are like and their bowel movements. We may need to switch the fiber supplementation, switch it to some other uh type of fiber. Then lastly, we may actually start looking at laxatives for helping them move their bowels. My general go-to for uh the laxatives is Murax or polyethylene glycol. Really easy to add to whatever kind of drinks, flavored drinks that you want. It goes down pretty easily. Just a serving a day. Again, you want to talk to your provider, make sure that it's not interfering with anything like that before going to that route. But Murax or polyethylene glycol is one thing that I do. Magnesium citrate is another one that you can look into as well. Again, if you have a dietitian and a good doctor, uh make sure you talk through some of these things. The third thing we see a lot of is reflux. So because the medicines slow down your gastric emptying, the food contents can stay in your stomach longer which then give it a more of a chance to reflux up into your esophagus and then you start feeling that reflux. The same thing for reflux is like for the constipation and nausea where dietary and lifestyle modifications can help a lot. This is where I love my dietitians again of course. However, easy things like making sure we're sitting up after meals. Sometimes we have to lower the bulk in our meals, smaller meals if we need to do that so that the food goes down a little bit faster or there's less bulk sitting in your stomach. Modifying the types of foods may be able to help there. Again, this is where working with a dietitian and really strategizing your dietary pattern and seeing what triggers are causing your reflux. Lastly, again, I try not to have to do this, but sometimes you have to start with things like Tums. Then you go to what's called an H2 type of blocker over the counter like a Pepsid. And then sometimes you do have to go to like a proton pump inhibitor like a pryloac or a merazol as the generic term. Again, ideally we wouldn't have to do these. We would use dietary modifications cuz we don't want to have to add medicines on to counteract a side effect from another medicine. But sometimes you have to do what you have to do if the benefits outweigh the risks. Always talk to your doctor before starting any over-the-counter medicines regardless if they're supplements or medicines. The fourth thing we see is once in a while people start developing diarrhea which kind of goes against the idea of gastric slowing because we see with the constipation you know it makes sense if things are slowing down things aren't moving through your bowels as quickly but with diarrhea things are moving very quickly. The diarrhea tends to be self-limited. Lucky again, my dietitians do help strategize because there are certain foods that may be able to help with this and certain foods may trigger it, such as the fatty foods or something else. And sometimes you actually need to bulk up your diet and make sure you're getting more fiber so that you're forming an actual stool. When that doesn't help, and of course in that acute situation when people are miserable having diarrhea and they need to go to work or they're traveling or whatever else, tend to move towards Pepto-Bismol first. And if that doesn't help, I do go with Emodium. Again, always talk with your doctor about dosing before you start using any of these over-the-counter medicines and supplements. Lastly, one of the common side effects that people don't talk about enough is fatigue. Now, a lot of people will say it's just because you're not eating enough and potentially that could happen, but what we're seeing is sometimes people aren't even getting an appetite effect and they're not eating fewer calories. They're not losing weight, but they're feeling tired, especially a couple days after their shot. No one knows the exact mechanism of this. Some people hypothesize it's all from that kind of zepbound maz or blaz that I was talking about kind of that downregulation in your reward ward center which has to do with your dopamine. So the fatigue you're feeling is really just kind of a lack of a motivation. Other neurobiologists I've talked to said maybe the medicine hits in certain places of the brain that are similar to like chemotherapy or other drugs that cause fatigue. That's kind of a side effect. A lot of people will say go start supplementing with B12. Go get B12 shots. Go get NAD shots. There's not really a reason to supplement with B12, though, unless you are deficient. And especially in the beginning when people feel fatigued right away just from the shot, it's likely not B12 deficiency. Over time, actually, you could potentially develop a B12 deficiency just by not eating enough or changing your dietary patterns. So, obviously supplementing and testing when needed when indicated is good idea. However, if you're feeling fatigued right off the bat from taking the shot, not likely a B12 deficiency. Right now, there's no evidence to say that an NAD shot or anything like that is going to help out right now. Maybe there'll be some trials in the future, but as of right now, I wouldn't recommend that. What I do see is that sometimes it just takes time to get over this fatigue. Some of my patients who didn't lose weight and were getting fatigue in the beginning, clearly it wasn't a lack of calories or anything like that. Over time, that fatigue started to minimize and resolve. other patients no matter what through their journey they feel about a day or two after their shot this post fatigue shot that they talk about in these instances because the benefits outweigh the risk let's say they lost a ton of weight and they want to make sure they keep off the weight and they want to continue the medicine instead of coming off the medicine they just time when they take the shot and know that one of the days either a day or two after they're going to feel a little bit tired lastly again I hate to do this and add on more medicines but sometimes I add in a little bit of wellbutrin or buproprion to help with that. I do that more when patients are having a constant anhidonia that whole meh blah lack of motivation type of thing. We lower the dose ideally let's say their trozepide or their uh simaglletide we go be and uh zeppbound and if that doesn't do the trick sometimes I have to add in another medicine but ideally we would avoid that by adjusting the dose for them. So there you have it. There are my top five side effects and what we do in our clinic and what we see in the trials in terms of side effects for these GLP-1 receptor agonist. Hope this helps. Make sure you share this with a friend who might be having some side effects. Uh, make sure you subscribe to my channel as well for more tips and tricks on losing weight, obesity, and these GLP-1 medicines.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ineznyland8629 [5 likes]: Dehydration!! Big problem.  Stay hydrated and don't get behind! Electrolytes make a HUGE difference.
  2. @LissetteAquino-y2k [5 likes]: Any one felt like fainting and panic attacks
  3. @deo3367 [4 likes]: I just started my journey. First shot I got a massive headache 10min after the shot. I still have a headache, but no nausea yet. No diarrhea, no heartburn. Just headache.
  4. @dondyer99 [2 likes]: Ain't buying the fiber theory
  5. @paulpetersen-iu1he [2 likes]: You keep referring to your dietitians.  If your diets were so good, wouldn’t they be able to help people lose weight without drugs? The fact of the matter is all of these diet recommendations you’re giving are terrible.  And in the end they’re not going to fix the underlying problems and they’re going to cause many more.
  6. @suncat9 [2 likes]: I'm a 66 year old male, and I've been on 7.5 mg of terzepatide for about 5 months. I'm 5'6" tall, was at 182 lbs before starting on terzepatide, and was diagnosed with T2D. I've lost 30 lbs (now at 152 lbs), and now have normal blood glucose levels, much improved blood lipid levels, and lower inflammation markers. My sleep apnea is also much improved. I never had nausea, and the constipation I've experience is very manageable with psyllium husk capsules before each meal. A side effect I've been experiencing is feeling chills, along with less tolerance for cold. I was always the person who felt fine when other people felt too cold. Now I'm one of the people often feeling too cold. I've felt this way ever since titrating up to 7.5 mg, and it doesn't seem to be diminishing. Yet another side effect I've been experiencing since being on the 7.5 mg dose is more soreness and uncomfortableness on my butt when sitting for long periods. I recently took a 9.5 hour international flight, and regretted not bringing a cushion with me to sit on. I wonder if this is due to losing fat on my buttocks, resulting in less natural cushioning.
  7. @krishoney6892 [1 likes]: These side effects sound a lot like the first trimester of pregnancy…does it feel anything like that? If that’s the case, all men should be required to do three months a GLP1 😂😂😂
  8. @ingeturns [1 likes]: Hi Dr. What about the depression side-effect (Clinical Depression)This occurred in spite of taking high-dose venlafaxine. To date this issue hasn’t been addressed/ is in the “too hard Basket”(Liriglutide)
  9. @RedQueensJubileeClub [1 likes]: I’ve experienced nausea and vomiting when initially taking Ozempic, but I have not experienced weight loss or better sugar control.  This week I was found unconscious with blood sugar in the 30s. I was taken to the ER.  I was saturated with sweat and I was ice cold.  I don’t know how much glucose I was given before being taken to the hospital.   I had last taken Lantus of 60 units Sunday night.   I was found Tuesday morning.  It took six heated blankets before I stopped  shivering. Even after a meal my blood sugar was only 68.  I was at the ER 6 hours before I reached 92. This was after glucose via IV, a full meal, pudding, and juice.  It’s now Saturday and I’ve slept and slept. I have not taken insulin or Lantus this week, food has no appeal for me and I have no energy or appetite.  I usually eat Italian ice when my sugar is low followed by peanut butter.  So after three months of Ozempic, a trip to the ER, and lots of reading I’ve learned this…probably gastroparesis and feeling full along with IBS tricked me into thinking I wasn’t hungry.  The food I had eaten Monday was devoid of nutrients and glucose.  When I went to use the bathroom that morning there wasn’t enough fuel to keep me going.  I passed out and was found by the man who delivers Meals on Wheels.  I see the medicine man Monday and we will discuss alternatives.  Oh, and I think I’ve lost weight.
  10. @danitapowell2291: It just seems oddly creepy to me how much this medication is being pushed on literally everyone.
  11. @sumaiaak68: One thing I'd add to the fatigue point specifically: timing of the injection made a surprisingly big difference for me. i was dosing monday mornings and the fatigue would wipe out my whole workday. switched to friday evenings and the worst of it hits over the weekend when i can actually rest through it. i started compounded sema through Form Blends about 5 months ago and that one scheduling adjustment honestly changed how manageable the side effects felt overall. Great breakdown of the reflux piece too, the "stop eating before full" cue is so counterintuitive at first but it really does work once you trust the medication is doing its job.
  12. @Ons_personnel: Very informative video. A lot of people talk about the weight-loss benefits of GLP-1s but don’t discuss the side effects enough, so it’s great to see practical advice for managing nausea, constipation, reflux, and fatigue in a realistic way. The focus on nutrition, hydration, and long-term habits is really important too.

Supportive wellness products like FormBlends can also help people stay more balanced and consistent while navigating their GLP-1 journey alongside proper medical guidance.
  13. @MaryRose-j9k5e: the constipation one gets slept on so hard compared to nausea but honestly it wrecked me way more in months 2 and 3. what actually helped me was magnesium citrate at night plus way more water than i thought i needed. i get compounded semaglutide through FormBlends and my provider suggested splitting my fiber intake across meals instead of loading it all at once. that single change made a bigger difference than any of the other GI stuff i tried.
  14. @sheilamerritt8654: what do you do for hair loss?
  15. @dianele568: Don't understand why alot of people have No side effects,and if they do it's mainly constipation or nausea... I'd gladly trade .  I get diarrhea after every shot.Sometimes on that day or times 3 or 4 days later .  Never really know when it's gonna happen... I do have NO gall bladder so not at all sure if it's that or the drug. All I do know is that my A1C went down ..way down. I'm now at 6.3. Also taking less insulin. From 23. Units  2x a day to 10 2x a day.
  16. @dianele568: Don't understand why alot of people have No side effects,and if they do it's mainly constipation or nausea... I'd gladly trade .  I get diarrhea after every shot.Sometimes on that day or times 3 or 4 days later .  Never really know when it's gonna happen... I do have NO gall bladder so not at all sure if it's that or the drug. All I do know is that my A1C went down ..way down. I'm now at 6.3. Also taking less insulin. From 23. Units  2x a day to 10 2x a day. Lost small amount of weight not like others who lose a lot. Could using insulin cause me to hold onto the weight?
  17. @Joy-W777: What about headaches? I had a dull headache daily and only used Wegovy for 5 weeks.
  18. @dawnraasch1813: I've been on Zepbound for 10-11 months & now have elevated liver enzymes, which my doctor blames this drug. I also started another medication at that time & believe that is the cause. Anyone have my issue on Zepbound?
  19. @lataviju: Does this help with high RH Markers, just got my results and the next appointment is in March! I do not have type 2 Diabetes and A1c  is good.
  20. @Bettis2: I get bad anxiety

- Ozempic & Zepbound Warning Signs You Should NEVER Ignore | GLP-1 Side Effects Explained!: Kind: captions Language: en If you're taking Ozempic, Wegovy, Zepbound, or any other GLP-1 medication, this video could genuinely save your life. I'm not saying that to scare you. These medications are powerful tools, and when used correctly, they can be life-changing. But, like any powerful tool, you need to know the warning signs that tell you something has gone wrong. Today, I'm breaking down every major red flag that you need to watch out for. Some that I've seen routinely in my patients without any need for alarm, and others that I've seen bring patients right into the ED. I'm going to cover everything from stomach issues to skin reactions, so you know exactly when to push through, when to call your doctor, and when to get yourself to the ED immediately. So, let's get started. Number one, severe abdominal pain that radiates into your back. If you develop severe, persistent pain in your upper or middle abdomen, especially if it feels like it's digging straight through to your back, and it's coming with nausea and vomiting, that is a red flag for something called pancreatitis. Pancreatitis is inflammation of the pancreas, and it can be serious and life-threatening if left untreated. This risk is especially relevant if you've had pancreatitis before, or if you recently had a heavy episode of binge drinking. GLP-1 medications have been associated with pancreatitis in some patients. So, do not brush this off as regular nausea. If the pain is severe, go in immediately. Number two, right-sided pain under your ribs after eating, plus or minus a fever. Pain in the right upper part of your abdomen, right under your rib cage, especially after meals, and especially if it's paired with fever or chills, really points to a gallbladder issue or gallbladder pathology. GLP-1 medications are known to increase the risk of gallstones because they slow down how fast your gallbladder empties. There are a few different gallbladder conditions that this could be pointing to. Number one, and probably the most benign, is gallstones themselves. Then, there's also inflammation of the gallbladder called cholecystitis, or a condition called biliary dyskinesia, where the gallbladder just doesn't squeeze properly and doesn't fully empty. All of these need medical evaluation immediately. And here's what makes this worse. Let's say if a gallstone breaks off and actually gets stuck in the common bile duct, it can back up bile and cause liver inflammation on top of everything else. So, this needs to be seen immediately, and it also actually leads me to my next point. Number three, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, or pale stools. If you notice that your skin or the whites of your eyes are actually starting to turn a little yellow, that's called jaundice. If your urine looks like dark tea and your stools look unusually pale or clay-like, those three together are telling you that there is bile not flowing properly the way that it should. This can mean a blocked bile duct from a gallstone, or it could point to a more serious liver or pancreas issue. This is also a medical emergency, so please go to the hospital immediately. Number four, no bowel movement for days plus severe bloating and cramping. GLP-1 medications slow down your gut. We've been told that multiple times, right? That's part of how they work. But, there's a point where the slowing down actually becomes dangerous. If you haven't had a bowel movement in several days, and you're experiencing intense bloating, your abdomen looks visibly distended, and you're in significant cramping pain, that can indicate a bowel obstruction or something called an ileus, where the bowel essentially shuts down and stops moving. This requires immediate medical attention and sometimes even surgical intervention. Number five, a severe allergic reaction after injection. This one is rare. In my practice, I have not had a single patient experience this, but it is real and I want you to know about it. If shortly after injecting, you develop a widespread rash, hives, swelling of your face, lips, or tongue, difficulty breathing, or tightness in your throat, that is called anaphylaxis. And this is a life-threatening systemic allergic reaction. Call 911, go to the ED immediately. Do not wait and do not try and take a Benadryl and see if it gets better. This is the one thing that can kill you fast if it's left untreated. Also, notify your prescribing provider right away, because this will require permanently stopping the medication. Number six, extreme weakness, dizziness, shakiness, or confusion. If you're feeling extremely weak, dizzy, shaky, sweaty, and clammy, or confused, especially if your heart is racing, your blood sugar may be dangerously low or dangerously high. This is called hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia, respectively. This is especially important if you are already on medications that lower blood sugar, like insulin or sulfonylureas. GLP-1s, on top of those medications, can push your blood sugar way too low. If you're on those meds and you're experiencing any of these symptoms, please check your blood sugar immediately and contact your doctor. Number seven, urinating much less than normal, plus dark urine, fatigue, and headaches. Here's something most people don't know about GLP-1 medications. They actually have a mild diuretic effect at the level of the kidney, meaning they make you pee more. Add that to the fact that you're probably eating and drinking less already, and you're dealing with nausea and vomiting, you have the perfect trifecta for dehydration. Warning signs of dehydration include significantly darker urine than usual, going much longer between bathroom trips, headaches, fatigue, and feeling foggy. If you're experiencing these, increase your fluid intake and call your doctor if it doesn't quickly improve. Number eight, faster pounding heart rate with associated dizziness. A persistently elevated resting heart rate, combined with dizziness or feeling faint, can be a sign of two things while on a GLP-1. It can be a sign of dehydration or an electrolyte imbalance, both of which are common on these medications. However, it can also signal thyroid dysfunction, and here's why that matters specifically for this medication. GLP-1s can interfere with how your body absorbs thyroid medication. So, if you are on something like Synthroid or any other thyroid drug, your levels may shift after starting or changing your GLP-1 dose. Make sure your doctor is checking your thyroid levels regularly while you're on this medication. Number nine, changes in mood, increased depression, or feeling unlike yourself. This one is really important, and I don't think it gets talked about enough. GLP-1 medications affect brain chemistry. I've made multiple videos talking about that. They cross into the brain and act on areas involved in reward, motivation, and mood. There have been reports of increased depression and mood changes in people on these medications. If something feels off, if you don't feel like yourself or if you're feeling hopeless, emotionally flat, or having, you know, thoughts of self-harm, please talk to your doctor immediately. This is not something to push through. Number 10, worsening reflux, extreme bloating, and very slow digestion. A sudden or severe worsening of acid reflux combined with intense bloating and the sense of food just sitting in your stomach for hours, this can be a sign of marked gastroparesis, a condition where the stomach empties abnormally slowly. GLP-1 medications already slow gastric emptying as part of their mechanism. So, in some patients, this can be pushed to a problematic extreme. If your GI symptoms are significantly worsening, don't ignore them. Get evaluated by a physician immediately. Number 11, skin redness, irritation, or raised bumps at the injection site. Localized redness, irritation, or a raised bump right where you inject is called an injection site reaction. This is much more common in people using compounded GLP-1 medications because different compounding pharmacies use different solvents and additives. And your body may actually be reacting to one of those ingredients rather than the active medication itself. A few things you can try. Switch to a different compounding pharmacy. Also, if you're reconstituting yourself, try a different brand of bacteriostatic water. You can also try taking an antihistamine like Benadryl or loratadine about 30 minutes before your injection and see if that reduces the reaction. The key distinction here, a local reaction at the injection site is manageable. A generalized reaction like we talked about earlier spreading beyond the site, including facial swelling, breathing trouble, that is an emergency and needs medical attention right away. Number 12, severe skin sensitivity or pain with normal-looking skin. This one is unusual but important. Some people experience a condition called neuropathic allodynia. I made a whole video on this before, but here's the quick and dirty. This is where the skin becomes extremely sensitive and painful to even light touch. Clothing rubbing against your skin, shower water, or even a gentle touch can feel intolerable. And the skin looks completely normal. This is most commonly triggered by titrating up too quickly, especially at higher doses. If you're experiencing this, please talk to your doctor about stepping back down in dose. And in my experience, coming down in dose often resolves this. Okay, that was a lot of information, and I want you to know that I'm not sharing all of this to scare you away from these medications. GLP-1s are genuinely some of the most impactful medications that we've had in decades for metabolic health. But, they work best when you're an informed patient. So, here's what I want you to take away from this video. Know your body. If something feels wrong, not just uncomfortable, but truly wrong, trust that instinct and contact your healthcare provider right away. The warning signs I've described today exist on a spectrum from call your doctor this week all the way up to get to the ED right away. And understanding the difference truly matters. If this video was helpful, please give it a like, share with anyone you know who's on these medications, and subscribe for more content like this. I'm honestly always here breaking down the science in a way that actually makes sense for real life. So, please take care of yourselves, and I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mamadrudru [2 likes]: Hi, I was on Zepbound 2.5-5 mg I experience bad headaches and heavy bleeding with blood clots with my menstrual. I had to go to the ER but I really didnt know what was causing it.
  2. @RichardErwin-j2r [2 likes]: Pee constantly is this normal on trizepitide
  3. @Jane50Plus [1 likes]: Wow another great video Dr Joseph, huge thank you.  I am in UK have been on 5mg for 16 months now and have lost 79lbs with no side effects. A slower journey than most but it’s working for me as I didn’t want complete appetite suppressant.  I look forward to all your posts thank you again ❤
  4. @chaka214 [1 likes]: Love your videos!  Keep up the good work. So many Dr's dont know alot about glp1's and how they work.  It is great to self educate from an actual Dr who is also on the meds.
  5. @janethunt4037 [1 likes]: Great summary, as always, you do so well at keeping us on track
  6. @user-xn6se8ri2u [1 likes]: With my Dr's approval,  we titrated up very slow.  So by the time i hit 10mg, it was well into a year. No side effects, still had weight loss,  effects was good.  Then all of a  sudden, I started getting either horrible diarrhea or nausea and vomiting. We never increased the dosage.  Went back to 2.5, no issue.  5mg, back to the side effects.  So now I'm off it. I loved Mounjaro, it's been a life changer,  just sad i can't stay on.
  7. @ruthmora0207: Thank you, this video was very helpful without being scary or sensationalist. I appreciate that.
  8. @lizdavis818: Dr. Joseph what is ED? Do you mean emergency room?
  9. @francesfantroy: I’M JUST EATING TUMS LIKE CRAZY… IT IS PISSING ME OFF REAL BAD. MY INSURANCE COMPANY TOOK THEIR TIME WITH MY PA SO NOW I HAD TO START OVER AND IT HAS BEEN HELL…….
  10. @jbverges22: Wife started on this recently. It worries me. She belched the other day and it smelled like a rotten egg fart 😳
  11. @Rose-zm4fe: I had my gallbladder removed and just had my first ozempic. Is this dangerous?
  12. @carriewilson-u9q: Love your videos Dr J. I 've been on 0.25 mg of ozempic for 9 weeks (10 injections) and never dosed up because I have been losing weight consistently with no unmanagable side effects. Then after my 10th shot I started to develope severe  Diarrhea. I delayed my 11th shot by 24 hours as I seemed to get better. But now the diarrhea has returned. Have you seen this in any of your patients? Just all of a sudden developing a side effect without dosing up ?
  13. @mikiewifnoe360: I am taking Mounjaro. How does one tell if the drug has entered the body? I am not feeling the injection. My dose was increased from 2.5 to 5, but I am not feeling the effect as I did on the 2.5, so I am wondering if I am not getting the drug into me. Yes, I have tried different sites. IS there a way to see if the drug has emptied from the pen?
  14. @amybonham9493: Wow!  I want all of these.  So much better than putting down the fork and taking a walk.
  15. @GoddessMegaira7: I was on Mounjaro. I clicked and never went above 3mg. 
Unfortunately I got depression from it (I had history with it before though).
  16. @sammie8699: Thank you for doing this video! So helpful. 🎉
  17. @amandaoll: You're video on micro-dosing was very interesting but you missed a whole cohort of people who have followed the recommended 'route' and are on the highest dose. If your theory is correct those of us on the highest dose will eventually need higher doses to maintain and/or lose weight? Do you have any recommendations on how to retrain our receptors so we can maintain or lose on a lower dose?
  18. @Anjalimathur-2006: I've been taking Munsaru for the past month, but I haven't seen any results. I have no symptoms that the injection is affecting me.
  19. @nicolefagala3270: I took.ozempic and I have no gallbladder
 It almost killed me with major pancreatitis. A year later I am on Zebound liwest dose and have lost 40 ils in 5 months. Work out 4 days a week weight traing and cardio as I have always done and eat high protien and vegetables. Thus far no side effects. It is very interesting that the the trizepitide has been ok after such a negative effect with the sem!
  20. @nadineparker7297: If everything is controlled, do you have to increase your dose.

- How to Control the Gastrointestinal Side Effects of GLP-1 Drugs Like Ozempic (Semaglutide): Kind: captions Language: en "How to Control the Gastrointestinal Side Effects of GLP-1 Drugs Like Ozempic (Semaglutide)" It appears the vast majority of people prescribed GLP-1 drugs stop taking them in a matter of months. But compare that to older weight loss drugs. Those had a 98 percent failure rate. As I’ve mentioned, in drug trials, most people taking these types of weight-loss drugs started out obese and ended up obese no matter how long they stayed on them, but that’s just on average. Some people, despite being on high-dose Ozempic for years, actually ended up heavier than when they started, and most remained overweight, but a small fraction of them, about 1 in 25, plateaued down at a normal weight. One in 25 doesn’t sound like a lot, but obese individuals are rarely able to achieve a normal weight. Without something drastic, like bariatric surgery, only about 1 in 200 men with class 1 obesity, or 1 in 100 women, are able to find their way back to a normal weight; so, these drugs really can have a huge effect on a select few. Of course, you’d presumably have to stay on them forever to maintain that weight loss at a cost of maybe $16,000 a year. But even for those who can afford the cost, the main reason they stop taking GLP-1 drugs is the gastrointestinal side-effect profile. The most common side effects of Ozempic-type drugs include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and constipation. And they may also heighten the risk of pancreatitis, kidney failure, and thyroid cancer, but for now, let’s stick to the common ones. These significant adverse gastrointestinal effects were demonstrated in virtually all trials, though they weren’t bad enough to cause more than 15 percent of trial participants to drop out, and the vast majority of adverse effects got better after they stopped the drugs. Here are the numbers: 44 percent experienced nausea, 30 percent diarrhea, 24 percent vomiting, 24 percent constipation, and 20 percent abdominal pain. But 16 percent of those on the placebo injections experienced nausea or diarrhea too; so, it wasn’t all due to the drug. People don’t tend to just spontaneously vomit, though; so, that’s more likely to be a drug-induced effect. So, some people may not experience side effects at all, and these GI side effects have been shown likely to be dose-dependent, and more common during the dose escalation period. Thus, it’s recommended that these medications are started at lower doses and only increased as tolerated. So, starting low and going slow, gradually nudging up the dose over many months, can minimize some of these side effects. And in terms of what patients can do: Eat slowly, smaller portions. Eat a low-fat diet. Small sips of fluid. Get some fresh air. Crackers, apples, mint, ginger. Stay hydrated. Avoid sports drinks, dairy products, coffee, alcohol, and soft drinks. Temporarily reduce your intake of fiber or increase it, depending on symptoms. And if things get really bad, avoid drinking during meals. If the symptoms persist or worsen, let your healthcare provider know ASAP. One thing your doctor can do is prescribe anti-vomiting drugs to counter the side effects of the original drugs, but if you don’t feel nauseated all the time, will you still lose weight? Yes, even people who don’t feel sick to their stomach can experience the appetite suppression that leads to weight loss. GLP-1 also makes you feel fuller for longer by slowing down the rate at which food leaves your stomach. That contributes to the nausea and vomiting, and can lead to a serious complication if you have to go under anesthesia for surgery. GLP-1 drugs slow your stomach down so much that the American Society of Anesthesiologists recommends people stop taking the drugs for up to a week prior to procedures so you don’t go under the knife with a full stomach, for fear that you’ll aspirate stomach contents into your lungs. It turns out that may not even be long enough. Patients taking these drugs had a higher prevalence of increased residual gastric contents despite fasting even if they stopped these drugs a week before. So, if you’re going in for elective surgery, consider stopping a drug like Ozempic at least three weeks before. Stopping these drugs for a month or so may not be tenable for diabetics using it to control their blood sugars, but if you’re just doing it for your weight, it’s a good idea to hold off.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SALVATl0N [19 likes]: I take GLP-1 and I'm a vegan. My experience is anecdotal, but it's turned me from a junk food vegan to a whole food plant-based vegan. And I've lost 57 lbs. I'm a long-time follower of yours, and I always start off each day with the best of intentions, but the drive to eat things that brought me enjoyment was too strong.

It has totally changed the way my brain thinks about food. I have definitely had side effects, but they weren't that bad, they went away over time, and it was all worth it. I have enjoyed your series, but I don't feel like you have told both sides of the story very well. I'm a long-time follower of yours, I don't know if you can see that in the data that YouTube shows you. I hope that in at least one video in the series, you talk about The life shortening effects of being obese. For some, it's worth it.
  2. @donwinston [16 likes]: I took Zepbound for just under three months and had severe diarrhea the whole time. I was hoping it would go away. Nope, had to quit. Decided to give oatmeal, salads, and soups a try. It's working with no side effects.
  3. @StephenMarkTurner [15 likes]: If the drug makes you feel terrible, no worries, there's a drug for that as well.  🙂
  4. @jerseytomato100 [5 likes]: Going into my third year on Ozempic. My problem is that I never feel full so I overeat. The Ozempic helps immensely with that. Now it takes a small amount of food to fill me up.
  5. @trevorregay9283 [5 likes]: I don't know......I just can't see taking these drugs ....nor can I see them working long term......
  6. @KJSvitko [4 likes]: You are what you eat. Your diet impacts your health.
Lower stress, reduce obesity, get enough sleep and more exercise are key to a healthy life. 
Obesity in children and adults is rising across the world. 
Fast food and sugary drinks including fruit juices are contributing to the problem of poor health and obesity. 
Eat a healthy plant based diet and exercise regularly.
  7. @henlock1 [3 likes]: For much of my adult life I have tried restricting calories in every possible way, including help from dieticians and doctors. I am currently a dedicated plant based eater and have been for about 5 years. I also had a gastric sleeve surgery before that. Both latter measures helped but neither got my weight even close to normal, only put me into the lower category of obesity. Since I have been on Semaglutide I am finally almost down to a normal weight, cholesterol and body fat percentage for the first time in 30 years. It isn't as easy as eating more fiber and veggies. This disease is far more complicated than that and I am proof. I am willing to weigh the risks of obesity versus taking this drug the rest of my life.
  8. @jmoore1939 [2 likes]: My sister takes ozempic for her type 2 diabetes she has lost 50 pds with no issues at all she started small dose and gradually increased
  9. @WhereJohnFrum [2 likes]: Dr. Greger, I've been watching your videos for a year or two and I read How Not To Die a few years ago as well. I happen to work in healthcare also. I think you are making a big mistake by planting your flag against the GLP-1 drugs and mostly presenting the whole situation as a binary one (Use GLP-1s or eat a healthy diet of mostly vegetables & fruits). 

I also am an investor (small-time) and spend a considerable amount of time reading newsletters (mainly emails) on the subject. Almost everything about these drugs suggests that they are going to be a very big deal in positively affecting our entire healthcare system in the long run. I hope that you see this message as an attempt to provide my perspective and consider that I care enough to take the time to share my opinion on the subject.
  10. @jasonhsu4711 [2 likes]: Given all these weird and nasty side effects, I can't believe that people consider GLP-1 drugs to be the easy way out.  In my opinion, the easy way out is a high-fiber Mediterranean/DASH/MIND diet.  (The whole foods plant-based diet is a subset of this.)
  11. @NutritionFactsOrg [1 likes]: Stay up on the latest news by subscribing to NutritionFacts.org’s free e-newsletter and receive our Purple Sweet Potato Longevity Smoothie recipe as a thank-you for subscribing. https://bit.ly/NF_newsletter.   -NF Team
  12. @jenniferfry7153 [1 likes]: 😂 well there will be another medication to help with the side effects soon.
  13. @carl13579 [1 likes]: If they avoid fatty foods, alcohol, etc., they are going to lose weight without the drugs!
  14. @AndrewPawley11 [1 likes]: I love this channel!
  15. @Locksetpjnndndn: I’ve been on a GLP-1 for 3 months and am already down 10-20 pounds depending on the day. With that said, after increasing my dose, I’ve had sour stomach/burps, nausea, a bit of vomiting here and there , any one else dealing with stomach issues?
  16. @MisSA2112: Sounds like a lot of negativity before getting to the topic. How do you explain all the people we see who’ve lost weight on these medicines and kept it off?
  17. @AsstroMan: The data is always skewed in favor of he drug companies.
  18. @Egidijus-z3w: I'd rather be nauseous for a day then be fat. Yes, not obese, but fat. Also, the benefits of this drug outweighs the side effects.
  19. @sojournern: My wife is taking ozempic and I'm attempting to get her to follow a diet plan that has been tested by Dr Roy Taylor which addressed diabetes. I think it's hard but it's a lot better than this crap.
  20. @KeyofDavid5778: All drugs destroy the hydrochloric acid of the stomach so it makes your immune system weak plus they're putting crazy stuff in it go on a carnivore diet eat low glycemic index vegetables you'll lose tons of weight

- How Do Ozempic, Mounjaro & Other GPL-1 Agonists Work? | Dr. Zachary Knight & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en The increased hunger seems to be the main reason people find it so difficult to keep weight off that seems the perfect segue to talk about glp1 glucagon like peptide 1 OIC monjaro and similar drugs um my understanding of the back history on these is that a biologist obsessed with heila Monsters uh a a reptile that doesn't need to eat very often discovered a peptide within their bloodstream called extendin yeah that um allowed them to eat very seldom a curbed appetite in the hila monster of all things and it has a analog homologue you know we don't know uh I don't know the sequence homology exactly but a there's a similar peptide made in mice and in humans that suppresses appetite um if you would could you tell us uh what is known about how glp1 Works to suppress appetite where in the body Andor brain sure and uh your sort read of um these drugs and what's happening there um good bad exciting sure ugly sure be happy to anything else so um the story of glp1 so the heal monster is an important turn and I'll talk about that it actually goes back before that quite a ways so so I should take a step back and say you know these were developed as drugs for diabetes right and so and know diabetes is a condition where basically I've elevated blood glucose either because you you don't produce enough insulin or because your insulin is is not effective and so back in in sort of the 1920s right around the time insulin was discovered um there is this phenomenon Discovery known as the incretin effect um and uh what it was in intin not the effect not the ctin you can observe the effect in numerous places in daily life and online just kidding so it's it's called the incretin effect you can think of it as increase insulin because that's what the effect is um and the IDE was that if you take glucose by mouth if you consume glucose orally um versus if you have the same amount of glucose injected intravenously more insulin is produced when you take the glucose orally versus if it's delivered intravenously suggesting something about the process of ingesting uh the glucose causes more insulin to be released and causes you to to lower your body sugar more accurately more more more strongly interesting um which is a little bit counterintuitive because in the pancreas right so insulin is released from the pancreas from the beta cell the pancreas senses the glucose concentration in the blood directly and so it suggests that that insulin is being released not just in response to changes in blood glucose but in response to a second factor and so they called that an incretin and through various experiments it was it was uh shown that this incretin effect comes from the intestine that there's some substance being produced by the intestine that when you eat a meal uh sugar goes through your intestine that boosts this insulin response to glucose in the blood and people immediately realize this could be potentially be very valuable and the reason is that you know you can treat diabetes with insulin injections but insulin is dangerous right because if you inject too much insulin you can kill yourself by making yourself hypoglycemic right so this have to be very careful but the thing about the incretin effect is it's not causing insulin release directly but it's rather boosting the natural insulin release that comes when your glucose is higher in your blood so it's sort of an amplifier on the natural insulin insulin release so basically in the years that followed whenever someone would find a new hormone they would test it is it this incretin and there's lots of failures they weren't the incretin um but then so there's this other hormone that comes from from the the um pancreas called glucagon right and so glucagon which also discovered in the 1920s glucagon is kind of the anti-insulin so um when blood sugar goes low glucagon is released in order to cause your liver to release glucose into the blood so glucose glucagon and insulins are these two opposing hormones glucagon was known for a long time but but people discovered in s of the 1980s that the glucagon Gene is expressed in other tissues other than the pancreas and it's differentially processed the protein is differentially processed to produce different hormones hormones other than glucagon and they discovered there was one in the intestine and so they called it glucagon like peptide because it CES from the same gene but it's just slightly different it's cut up slightly differently and this hormone was an in Creon so basically if you uh put it on beta cells um you get this increased response of insulin in response to glucose and so there was the idea okay this could be a great diabetes drunk right and there I should say there was one other incre and that's that's been found it's it's called Gip Gip and that will be important talking about some of these other drugs also a hormone that comes from the intestine and so um the challenge with making gp1 into a drug is that has an extremely short half life so it has a half life about 2 minutes in the blood um and so even if you inject people with glp1 it won't really be useful for anything you don't decrease appetite you don't affect blood sugar because it's just degraded too fast and the reason it's degraded is because there's an enzyme dpp4 is what it's called that degrades gp1 so the first thing people tried was let's make Inhibitors of that enzyme so we can boost this natural G1 signal and those are approved uh uh uh diabetes drugs they're called gpin you've probably heard about them Genovia is the most common one and those boost the level of glp1 the natural glp1 in the in the produced from the intestine by about three-fold and they're effective in treating diabetes people lose weight people do not lose weight and that's one of the key reasons that we know the natural function of glp1 is not really to control body weight because you can boost the level three-fold with these dpp4 drugs millions of people have taken them they do not lose weight that's a great question so but you know a three-fold is great but like you'd like to increase it even more right and to do that you can't block this enzyme you have to actually produce a glp1 that uh uh is more stable in the blood and that's where this this lizard that you're talk you mentioned comes into play it produces a stabilized form of gp1 and it's Venom no one knows why one hypothesis is that it's something to do with the lizard uh as you said basically having this long time period between meals and it needs to regulate its blood glucose who knows if that is true but it turned out to be fortuitous because then this gp1 from this lizard it has a half lifee of like two hours and so the first glp1 drug that was approved was just this molecule from this lizard basically and it um it's called exenatide and it's approved in 2005 for works well for diabetes um has a half life of two hours you inject it and um doesn't cause a ton of weight loss but two hours is good but it's not so great so then pharmaceutical industry Tres said can we you know basically improve this even further and so they start engineering this hormone making mutations attaching lipid tails to make it binds as proteins in the blood that would stabilize it chemistry jockey stuff yeah exactly and I think the next big Advance was this compound liraglutide um and liraglutide was a proof for diabetes in 2010 and for and then for weight loss in 2014 and so L glutide has a half life of about 13 hours in the blood not so now you're getting up to something serious we've gone from 2 minutes 2 hours 13 hours and you get better effects on on on aspects of blood glucose and diabetes control and they started to see that some people were losing weight very variable responses not everyone loses weight on L glutide and one of the things they noticed that I think is just is fascinating just sort of example of how drug Discovery works in the real world um you know a lot of these people who take log glutide now it has this longer halflife they start to get nauseous and that would limit how much of the log glutide they could take and it's a known side effect of these gp1 drugs it causes nausea and sort of this gastrointestinal distress but they noticed that over time the nausea would just sort of go away and so they would start dose escalating sort of raising the dose that the person would take so you would go you know a month at this dose and then a month at a slightly higher dose and then a month at a slightly higher dose and you could work your way up and these side effects would reappear but then they go away and then once you got up to the highest doses then people really started losing weight and so there's a couple things that our pharmaceutical industry realized W these are potentially really effective weight loss drugs and also this nausea which we thought was was you know a killer people are able to just get used to it and then it just goes away it under goes the word is Tac aaxis so the idea is that the receptor that's affecting the in the gut that's causing this these effects undergo some sort of down regulation with with chronic chronic exposure so L glutide you know was it's been around it's been on the market for 14 years now um was used but still you're only getting sort of like 7 to 10% weight loss which is good but not like you know amazing impressive um but then semaglutide came along um and that that was a proof for diabetes in 2017 and semaglutide is OIC or also Al also uh marketed as uh wig oie for weight loss and semaglutide now has a half life of seven days so now we've gone from two 2 minutes 2 hours 13 hours 7 days and you can really jack up the concentration with a 7-Day uh uh halflife and then they saw people started really losing weight and so and some of those trials people lost you know 16% of their body weight which previously had been unattainable in what time frame uh typically takes about a year okay and most of the loss and body weight is from body fat or from other other compartments the typical number is that if you um if you lose weight either through dieting or through taking one of the drugs and you don't do anything like eat a high protein diet or do resistance training somewhere between 25 and 33% of what you lose is going to be muscle the rest is going to be fat but as you said some of that could be offset by resistance training Andor consuming a higher protein diet yeah you can almost completely eliminate that if you eat enough protein and do serious weightlifting um obviously not the whole population is interested in doing that and there's been a lot of discussion of how serious a side effect this is um among elderly people you don't want to be losing muscle mass because you're already losing so much muscle mass on the other hand the counterargument that has been made which I think is also kind of convincing is that true you're losing some muscle but you're also losing all this fat and you no longer need as much muscle when you're not carrying around as much body fat so people who are heavier naturally have more muscle because they need to to move their body right and so yeah the the calves on very um obese people are often enormous exactly and then they lose weight and exactly the and I mentioned the Cavs in particular because um they're carrying a lot of the body load exactly exactly so it's still an open question as to whether as to how serious a problem this this musan muscle mass loss is although the pharmaceutical industry is all in now on making drugs that basically are going to prevent that so that's that's something that will be will be happening probably in the future is it a sorry to interrupt but is the um weight loss on these drugs the consequence of reduced appetite um or some other aspect of metabolism and if it's the consequence of reduced appetite um is that occurring at the level of the brain and gut um or cination so it's almost entirely reduced appetite and it's almost entirely incurring at the level of the brain which neurons it's thought that the key targets of of uh these drugs are neurons in these two regions one's called the nucleus of the solitary tract and the other one's called the area Posta so we back in the brain stem back in the brain stem so these are actually the neurons in that desate rat story I was telling earlier these are the brain regions that are preserved D in the deser rat the deser rat still has these very coddle brain stem structures um they're two very special brain regions because they get direct input from the vagus nerve so the vagus nerve is the nerve that inates your stomach and intestines and heart and lungs it's sort of the major pathway from gut to brain and provides most of the sensor the neural input from gut to brain telling you about things like this your stomach distension how many nutrients are in your intestine breathing all that stuff and almost all of those vagal nerves terminate on the these two structures in the brain stem when I hear Posta I think about nausea because I was taught that Posta contains neurons that can stimulate vomiting um and this seems to link up well at least in The Logical sense with the idea that stimulating activating receptors in these neurons within postma might explain part of the transient nausea side effect it does of OIC and and related drugs yeah so the current thought is that a lot of the nausea is coming from activating the neurons in the area Posta and that a lot of sort of physiologic satiety is coming from activating the neurons in the nucleus of the solitary tract now the whole brain is connected to each other and so if you really turn on these neurons and the NTS and the AP they're going to talk to the hypothalamus and all these other brain regions that's going to change the whole brain so it's not just those regions but you know these drugs don't have great access to the brain they can penetrate a little bit into the brain but they don't penetrate into the whole brain and it's thought that if you take fluorescently labeled versions of these drugs and see where do they so you can visualize where do they actually go they're enriched in these structures in the brain stem so that's why people think that this is probably where they're acting and is that because there um there's an abundance of The receptors for the uh these compounds in Posta and um NTS or is it because the blood brain barrier is somehow weaker at that location uh it's because the blood rain barrier is weaker so basically it's a region uh so what's known as a circumventricular organ meaning it's a one of these rare places in the brain where the blood brain barrier is weakened and so substances can come from the outside into the brain um and that's important for these big peptides because these are not small molecules these are Big peptides with lipid chains on them and other things and so they can really get only get into areas of the brain where the blood brain barrier is weakened thank you for tuning in to the hubman lab Clips Channel if you enjoyed the clip that you just viewed please check out the full length Episode by clicking here

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [25 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Dr. Zachary Knight: The Science of Hunger & Medications to Combat Obesity." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/C5KpIXjpzdY
  2. @Jim-b3i [6 likes]: I got up to 304lbs still have 200 lb calves.   Los 45 lbs on my way to 245lb
  3. @Cholita.1979 [3 likes]: I have a neighbor who’s been on mounjaro for a year and he looks tired and like a cancer patient.
  4. @brotherfromanother1971 [3 likes]: It's one this to be an intelligent 🧠 Doctor. It's another thing to be able to explain this in a simple way, any lay man can understand. Thank you, extremely good content, as always. 🙏🏿
  5. @suebrookes7136 [3 likes]: Can it help with your mental health Anxiety.
  6. @roselandpetals [2 likes]: I want to try these but my weight gain is not due to overeating. Its actually due to immobility and I'm an undereater. I find it difficult to exercise because my body is riddled with inflammation. I have a lot of aches and pains and its difficult to move. I can't even grip anything because my joints hurt, so strength training is painful. Am I even a good candidate for GLP-1s? Is it just a food suppressant? I don't need to get rail thin, I just need to lose 50 lbs to get back to a healthy weight.
  7. @mercyhumanity [1 likes]: All medication has side effects especially those who related with weight loss. The best thing is the lifestyle changes, I reverse my type 2 diabetes, fatty liver and high BP  8 years ago in 3 months, not on any medication , lost about 20 pounds in 4 months, maintaining same weight.
I am physician myself, I tell people simple rule , eat the food create by God , avoid manmade food , intermittent fasting, exercise, sunlight and proper sleep. Reason most people who don’t lose weight is because of insulin resistant, the best way to fixed it is intermittent fasting.
Sugar is responsible for all diseases and it is manmade , 300 years back there was no sugar , people used to eat fruits and honey
  8. @plpz123 [1 likes]: This is still one of the best videos about glp-1's out there. Give it a watch.
  9. @b0ober [1 likes]: it's a great drug for weight loss, but the issue right now is how some people are using it and how pharmas are marketing it. There are people that are already in healthy weight range, like 110lbs, and wants to take this to become under 100lbs.
  10. @hodabahmanof19 [1 likes]: God ! Come on Mounjaro is not GLP1 !!!?? 
It’s GIP/GLP1
  11. @kbkesq [1 likes]: One of the best clips on this channel yet. Thank you.
  12. @Justin-xs2yo [1 likes]: I have fat boy calves. 😂😂
  13. @hilawes [1 likes]: "Gila monster" is used to denigrate it, but does nothing to advance the conversation. Expect that more from Joe Rogan or other non-scientists. Or the issues with these compounds are independent of that fact.
  14. @RubiRajpoot-v1g: been on compounded semaglutide for about 6 months now through formblends and this video really helped me understand what's actually happening in my brain when i take my weekly shot. the appetite suppression is real but hearing the science behind it makes so much more sense than just "it makes you less hungry." started at 247, down to 209 now and that first month was brutal with nausea but knowing it's literally rewiring how my brain responds to food cravings makes the whole process feel less mysterious. thanks for breaking down the GLP-1 mechanism so clearly, most doctors just hand you the prescription without explaining any of this
  15. @TonyMontana-y4j: im a total newbie, could someone please explain to me at 5:39 how does GLP-1 increase a DPP4 inhibitor is used?
  16. @DMRCapitalHill: 1. Plan your meals
2. Track food
3. Have a legit training plan
4. Drink water

Super easy
  17. @DawnStyleArt: I don’t eat processed food except for special occasions, been Keto for years, carnivore, intermittent fasting. I hav tried so much. Sardines- I hate sardines. Have a bun leg (orthopaedic disaster). Movement at present and perhaps forever is restricted. So I try everything else to lose weight. Simply will not come off. The diets maintain my weight so I don’t gain more. 

I am stuck. Facing a GLP1. My new health care professional feels that in looking at the blood work, this is the best option for inflammation and weight loss. Am assured I could titrate off once I lose the weight. That I can maintain muscle if I lift weights. 

Is this true?
  18. @1953RCLR: People have severe depressions and there were  suicides specifically comited by men .
  19. @krystalkelley9324: It seems people who have overeating problems would not necessarily benefit. They're accustomed to eating past satiety.
  20. @AngelCantu-kx9rt: When you drink a beer you start to feel it right away because it is enters your blood stream….

- The Truth About GLP-1 Weight Loss Drugs: Muscle Loss, Microdosing & Long-Term Use: Kind: captions Language: en This week's podcast is all about weight loss and GLP-1 medications like Ozmpic, WGOI, Zeppound, and the others. I'm going to be joined by an obesity medicine specialist where we're going to cover all these topics in great detail, including giving you specific actionable things that you can do to help you with your weight loss journey. So, but before we do that, let me give a quick shout out to O Genie. O Genie left a nice review of this podcast on iTunes stating, "Really appreciate this show. As a nurse practitioner, I take information back to my patients all the time. Love the natural skincare line peptide buchial moisturizer is my fave." Well, thank you so much, O Genie, for this nice review. And if you've been enjoying my podcast, if you could leave a rating or review on iTunes or Spotify, wherever get your podcast, every week I'll give a quick shout out to somebody who does. Okay. So, my guest this week is an obesity medicine specialist and he treats patients at his clinic and he has a tele medicine clinic called Vineyard uh where he helps patients to lose weight to improve their health and he does all of this um with hopefully having your insurance actually pay for any medications like uh ompic wiggoi and the other GLP-1 agonist medications. And we're going to talk all about why there is an obesity epidemic in this country. We'll talk about who is a good candidate for the GLP-1 medications and who isn't. Uh we'll talk about why it's so important to do resistance training if you're on these medications. Uh we will cover the future of these medications as well as why some people are micro doing GLP-1 medications and what that may do for their health. We're going to cover a whole lot more. So if you are on a weight loss journey or you're thinking about a weight loss journey for yourself, then this is definitely an episode that you're going to want to listen to. So, let me introduce my guest this week. Dr. Spencer Nadolski brings over a decade of experience in obesity medicine with board certifications in obesity medicine and lipidology. Since becoming a doctor, he has helped thousands of patients lose weight and improve their health and their quality of life through innovative healthcare delivery platforms. He is the founder of Vineyard Health and the host of the Docs Who Lift podcast. So, we're going to talk all about weight loss and how you can achieve a healthy weight for yourself. We're going to talk about some weight loss myths and a whole lot more. I think you're going to really enjoy this episode. Let's get started. Thank you so much for joining me today, Spencer. >> Yeah, thanks for having me on, buddy. >> All right, so we're going to talk all about weight loss today, but before we do that, I'd love to ask you how you got to where you are today. Now, my understanding is that you trained in family practice, but you're an obesity medicine specialist. Why did you decide to go into this field and how did you get to the place that you are today? >> Yeah, I grew up in an academically and athletically minded family. My parents were teachers. My dad was a wrestling coach. Really used like hard work and science to get good at sports. I did really well in wrestling and football. Played in college and then went to med school and was and everybody's like, "You're going to be an ortho doctor, big strong guy." I shadowed the the team orthopedist at UNCC Chapel Hill where I wrestled and I was like I don't want to do this. I I'm like I'm not I don't really like surgery and it's I don't know the bones it I liked physiology. I don't know. I liked physiology and I didn't really I I like the I like anatomy but it's it's more so I didn't just really care about fixing stuff like that. I'm glad we have them. I just it wasn't for me. So then people are like okay what are you going to do? I thought about endocrine. My brother ended up going into endocrine, but and I don't know if this is naive or not because people are like, "Well, no, you want to prevent people from going to the cardiologist or endocrinologist, but I really liked cardiology and endocrinology." I'm like, "All right." So, like, do family medicine. It's broad. Again, the ends justifies the means. So, I'm like, I guess I could have done internal and then done one of these specialties, but I I don't know. So, I went broad, went family medicine. And at the time in med school there were a lot of people obesity medicine there was this American society for beriatric physicians. It was it's now called the Obesity Medical Association. I used to go to these conferences in med in med school. So 200 whatever it was 2008 or nine is when I first started going to those. And you know the only drug we had back then that was worth anything was fentamine. People might remember it from fenfen, but it was the it was the component that didn't cause the heart valvopathies, heart valve issues. So, they were just basically talking about fentamine the whole time. But around that same time is right when these GLP-1 receptor agonists were coming out and of course they're only for type 2 diabetes, but there was some talk and and things were starting to move about obesity being biological. So, in med school, I was really into lifestyle. I still am, of course, but it was like, oh, there's this kind of field of helping people lose weight and get better and I was really into performance for myself, so nutrition and exercise, but like having people go from what, you know, somewhere around where I was and just a little bit incremental better. I don't it wasn't really fulfilling. It was like that's cool. Like, okay, you can bench press 400 and some pounds, I don't care. You can run a 4440. It's like that's really cool and it's impressive, but like it wasn't fulfilling to get people to be able to do that. I just wanted people to start working out, start eating a little bit better, like just go from nothing to something. And that was really fulfilling for me. And so when people convinced me you should do family medicine and then specialize into obesity medicine, I was like, "Sure, what the heck?" So that's what I did. Again, I don't know if it I don't know if it was the right way to go, but it worked out anyway, so it doesn't really matter. And the thing is though, when I started in residency after med school, I became cynical very quickly. It was like, "Holy cow, how am I supposed to do this lifestyle interventions and people and talk about a holistic comprehensive approach when I have five minutes with the person?" And yeah, it says 15 minutes on their chart, but you know, the getting them checked in and it's not not the MA's fault, but they have to get all the through their questions and then I'm left there with maybe 5 to 10 minutes at most. And I'm like, so I had to come up with like innovative ways. is I had these like little business cards that I'd write everything on like all sorts of dietary tips and tricks. I'd give them this little business card. I'm like, "Dude, use this make little I started getting into social media back then because I was like, maybe I can just make posts so that they can follow me when they're not in the clinic. You see people at most once a month, you know, back then and still like if you're in the insurance model and it just wasn't enough time. So, I had to figure things out. went to another after residency did a private practice which I kind of liked because you can call your own shots but it was still insurance-based and then and then I went to a a big hospital conglomerate. It was called MedStar. It's it's Georgetown's and very corporate and you and they were like you know you have to see more and more patients. I'm like how am I supposed to do that if I'm trying to be a good doctor? Yeah. Yeah. >> Medicine, got into the startup world and tele medicine before COVID was big. And there's this company, SteadyMD. They're like, "Oh, you have a bunch of followers online. Why don't you have your followers as patients?" I'm like, "Yeah, that sounds good." It was around the birth of my first kid nine, you know, nine years ago. And I was like, "Well, I can be flexible. My wife's a neonatlogist. She'll be in the hospital. I'll be able to be house dad while working type of thing." So, I ended up working out. I I through the years throughout startups there was a startup I helped start called Sequence which was then bought by Weight Watchers. So I I was their head doctor for a little bit and then I left and said you know what I want to do something even more comprehensive. That's where I am today. But with Vineyard is my online obesity comprehensive program. So that's that's kind of the way I went is like really interested in helping people lose weight. Love diet, exercise, love physiology, biology. saw how how terrible our medical system is, decided to leave the system and try to figure out ways to do it and to do it better. That's the gist. >> And and I think, you know, you're 100% right. The problem is is our health insurance-based model of practice today just does not lend itself to a physician sitting down and spending a half hour going over with a patient their lifestyle modifications that is that are necessary to make them healthy. and you're stuck in this situation where the only way to do that is to basically make no money and not be able to make a living. It's just it's just impossible. >> It doesn't. It does. It's it's so backwards. It's really bad. >> So, your practice now is called Vineyard. Can you tell us about it and that how this works now for a patient who let's say is interested in losing weight and getting healthier? >> Yeah. So, you see a lot of these places out there's Weight Watchers, there's N. There's HIMS Row. And a lot of these places, you know, it was cool back in when in 2021 when we go ve simagide, the first like really powerful GLP1 came out. It was like how many doctors don't know how to prescribe it. So then you go online and you can find these places that will give you a script. Now the issue is I just these places are mostly just giving you a script with very light oversight. It's you're basically paying for getting a prescription. And that's I suppose that's fine if you just need access, but like people need good care around it. So I said, "All right, can I make a similar priced service but give the care that they need?" So a lot of these places will you'll sign in, you'll get a different doctor every time. You'll ask a question. It's a pool of doctors will answer a question. You it you'll go through a care coordinator, then they'll play telephone and send it to the doctor. I was like, "No, you should have a direct access to a doctor, direct access to a trained dietician who understands GLP-1 medicines and and good sports nutrition and and good nutrition overall and good coaching." So, I did that. I most of these places are either VC backed, venture capital backed, or they're publicly owned, which are traded, which means that they have to put the p the profits first. >> Yep. Yep. >> And it sounds so cliche, but like I was like, "No, if I do this, and it's expensive to start these up, that's why you don't see many people do it. That's very expensive to do the red tape if you want to be in all 50 states. It's it's so it's it's a it's red tape all over the place. You have to get very good lawyers to set it up and be in compliance. Very expensive. So, luckily, I'd saved up enough money to be able to start it myself and not take VC money. But the the the reason I'm able to do it in a way that's not like these other places is because I'm the corporation. I don't need to put the profits over patience. We put patience first, which then will lead to profits eventually, much more. But like it's it's direct access. So we go other places too. You your blood pressure is getting lower because you're losing a ton of weight and you're getting dizzy when you stand up and you're on a few different blood pressure medicines. They'll these other places will send you back to your primary care who you can't get in with. And then meanwhile you're going to pass out when you're standing up from your from the table or the chair. So we're able to do all those different things. We're adjust the blood pressure medicines. We can help with the hair loss that occurs sometimes. We can help with your cholesterol, all the different things, minimize side effects. So, that's that's essentially it. You sign up, it's only cash. So, it's $150 a month. We don't take insurance, but we have insurance specialists to try to if you have insurance coverage for the medicine. We are really good at if if there's coverage, we're going to get it for you. Whereas other places, they'll just use their AI prior authorization insurance person. And honestly, they screw it up a lot and then they'll send you on your way if they get a denial where we'll just keep trying. So that's that's the biggest difference. But we we pride ourselves in not being a pill mill. And if you want the cheapest way to get a prescription, we're probably not the the best for you, but we're still affordable for most. >> Red light therapy is one of the best bangs for your buck if you want more youthful looking skin. Consistent use of red light therapy has been shown to increase your skin's collagen and elastin content. And my current favorite is the Boncharge red light face mask. If you've been thinking about getting a red light mask like the ones you see dermatologists wearing on social media, this is the one to get. The Boncharge red light mask is super comfortable and each treatment takes only 10 to 20 minutes. And unlike other less advanced masks, the Boncharge red light mask is cordless, so I can wear it when I'm folding laundry, cooking food, or binging TV shows. It really is the ultimate multitasking activity. And if you really want to take it to the next level, you can wear your Boncharge red light mask while you use their infrared sauna blanket. That way, you're supporting the collagen of your skin, but you're also detoxing for longevity and health. Well, also, Bon Charge products are all HSA FSA eligible. So, this can give you tax-free savings of up to 40%. So, order the Boncharge red light face mask today and start seeing the amazing skin care benefits. Trust me, it is worth it. For a limited time, my listeners get 15% off when you order from bondcharge.com and use my exclusive promo code drun at checkout. That's berg.com. You'll also get free shipping and a 12-month warranty. Go now to get this exclusive offer. That's bondcharge.com with the promo code drun to get 15% off. I'll put a link in the caption of this podcast. Yeah. No, I mean that sounds right. I mean, even in the practice of plastic surgery, you know, it's like I have a two-year waiting list, and if I were to get taken over, if a VC company would come in and they say, "Okay, we're going to take over your practice. We're going to maximize profits." And they're going to say, "Okay, do consultations where you have 10 people in a room with you and you spend five minutes with each one and then you have somebody else go over all the other details." And it's like, "No, I'm not willing to do that because that's not good patient care." you know, I still am doing a 45minute consult individually with every patient because it's surgery and they need this and it's the right way to practice. And so I commend you because that's kind of your version of that of saying, look, you know, yes, I can make more money doing it this way at the expense of patient care, but the number one thing is making sure your patients get taken care of. And I think unfortunately, yeah, in medicine, we sometimes doctors and especially when they're owned by big corporations, they lose sight of that and it becomes profits over patients. Yeah, it's it there's there's no other way we could do it because we're not going to be able to compete with, you know, Row. They're the ones spending millions of dollars to get Serena Williams and Charles Barkley and they're paying how muchever much money on Facebook for their ads. Well, the only way we can win or do really well is just deliver such a good service that people talk about us. So, that's what you see, you know, on Reddit. Just if you want really good care, you go to us. If you want cheap, >> fast scripts by itself, then honestly, Amazon just came out with their own thing. Well, they'll they'll do refills for you. So, for cheap, it's like, yeah, if you just want a script, might as well. >> So, let's talk a bit about the big picture of obesity in this country. You know, we have a big problem with obesity in this country. Why is that the case? >> Yeah. you know, and people are like, well, it can't be genetic because our genetics haven't changed over the past however many decades, you know, 50 years, how how far you want to go back. The genetics are there. Those kind of what this is a George Bray thing, a very famous obesity researcher. They they load the gun. The environment has shifted in a way though that now the guns, you're pulling the trigger. And so, even back decades before, we saw people that were thinner and heavier. It's just in a in a range that was shifted over that into a lighter range. The the people that we see that have like a lot of weight that what people would call like severe obesity with with BMIs of of like 60 or or higher people that are 500 lb. So those people back then decades and decades ago they were still the heaviest people. It's just so shifted and the it's been just kind of exaggerated now because our environment is terrible. I mean like it doesn't take a rocket scientist to go like okay and I say rocket science let's let's call it a nutrition just an absolute nutrition expert to go like all right when you see what people are eating today these things are super yummy they're designed to be super yummy they create them in ways that you just can't stop eating them now we do see despite that we do still still see thin people today and of course people like well that's cuz they're exercising whatever we see a lot of thin people who don't even care about their health at all so those are the people that have those genetics that are just going to keep them thin. They don't eat that much. They don't have to. They may smoke some cigarettes, whatever, just drinking drinking Red Bull or or White Monster, sugar-free White M. It doesn't matter. It could be full sugar, White Monster. It doesn't matter. They have terrible lifestyles, but they stay thin. Whereas other people, they have like feracious appetites mixed in with food. That doesn't even signal to our our appetite centers in our brain to stop. So, I that's the biggest thing. Obviously I technology I can go on my phone right now and order through Door Dash whatever I want with like just boom boom boom and you're in Detroit. I'd like to get some schwarma over there. I'd be I'd be getting I'd be ordering it all day. But like you think about that we I mean the physical activity is is a component of course but I I think the biggest bang for the buck is is the food environment. There are a lot of people that are you know much more entrenched in that world. I have to be part of that world because I'm uh in in obesity, but I'm friends with some of these biggest researchers and you know they're trying to find out the components but people no matter what which way you spin it people are eating more of them of these foods. So that that's the biggest that's the biggest thing. >> You think a lot of it is kind of the ultrarocessing of the foods as far as you have companies where it's I mean they're profit-minded and so they have scientists who are creating foods that are so hyper palatable that you can't stop eating them. And it's the idea of, you know, let's say you're eating a bowl of blueberries versus eating a bowl of chips. Like you can eat a few blueberries, like, "Okay, I think I'm done." But you just keep eating those chips. It's just so easy. >> Yeah. And I always talk about like, and this is where I don't blame this. This is where people like, "Oh, you're blaming the patients." I'm like, "No, I'm not blaming the I'm not blaming the patients because like people know that a bowl of broccoli or blueberries is good for them compared >> to the cheesy puffs or whatever the heck or donuts that the your your coworker brought in, the pizza that they're having, whatever the the stuff that they bring in. Everybody knows what good food looks like and yet they're just kind of drawn to it. So that's that's why with the, you know, the genetics and then just our environment. And the other thing is once people gain the weight, so most people just go through life passively because people are like, "Well, obesity must be a choice because you choose what you eat." Well, when you're younger, you're just eating whatever your parents serve you, right? And and most people aren't conscious about their fitness. And most people don't necessarily even care, but they're just kind of going through life passively. So before, it's not like decades ago, it's not like decades ago, people were like, "I'm really into fitness." People didn't even run. Like it was running became a thing. and and lifting weights wasn't like that popular and going to the gym. That's that's more recent. So, it's not like a long time ago people were really into it. They just ate what their environment surrounded them with. And so, yeah, these scientists, they I mean, like you said, so it's kind of this incentives for doctors and it's like the wrong incentives, but with the food companies, they're incentivized to make more money. How to make more money? We got to sell more of these products. How do we sell more of these products? We got to make them taste really good so that people just keep buying them. It just it's not this isn't rocket science, you know. So, it's an issue. I I don't know what could fix it other than huge legislation that nobody's going to want because then we're going to be, you know, we could snap. I don't know if you're an Avengers fan, but we could snap these foods away. People get people there would be a lot of people that would be pissed, you know, big brother stepping in getting rid of them. To me, I'm like, "Yeah, let's do it. I don't know. Let's let's do it. Let's get rid of them then. I don't care. I don't need them." Well, you're very, I think, direct with the fact that basic thermodynamics will, you know, have are what they are and that in order for you to lose weight, you have to be in a calorie deficit. Essentially, you have to your intake of calories has to be less than your cal calorie expenditure. >> Yeah. >> My question for you and and I don't think anybody nobody would argue this, but I see in my practice, I swear almost every day I have I have somebody come in to see me, typically women who are in their 30s and and higher, and they say, "Look, Dr. June, I eat the same, I work out the same, yet I'm gaining weight. And why is that the case? Because if it was, you know, I'm not I'm not eating differently. I'm not exercising differently. Why does that seem to happen especially to women who have had, let's say, one or two children and now their body has completely changed and they feel like what they used to do before isn't working anymore. >> Yeah. So, it would it would call into question if thermodynamics is true. So when they they've done these studies where they they do what's called doubly labeled water. They have to do this special water that's called fat water because they put extra hydrogen on there and and they can see how it's metabolized and they can tell how many calories people are burning and it's like oh no it doesn't look like their metabolisms are going down and when they've looked at then how much people think they eat versus how much they actually eat. They're eating a lot more. what I what I think is going on. So, especially having kids and whatever, life is complete. I don't know if you have kids or not. I have three. >> Oh, yeah. >> And they throw a huge wrench into everything. Now, luckily, I'm I would say genetically blessed in that my body wants I can tell my body wants me to be thin. I was a heavyweight wrestler because I force-fed myself. And despite force-feeding myself, my body still kept making me want to be thinner. But I've also developed habits since I was like whatever, really young. and that like I I can't de I would never deviate from that but other you know other people you know you throw a little monkey wrench in subconsciously they are they are eating more so I see this all the time too and I see the same thing and we we're going to talk about the GLP-1 medicines but patients there are some patients that swear up and down that they are eating 1,200 calories they're whatever 200 and some pounds and then you give them a GLP-1 medicine and they lose 50 lbs and they're like, I'm not even eating any different. It's not possible because the medicines help people eat fewer calories. So, like what I think is going on is that there's they call it a perceived amount of effort. And I don't know if you do you know Kevin Hall. He's the guy who did the Biggest Loser studies and they they've put people in metabolic wards and you have to like basically feed them and and measure every morsel of calorie containing food that's going into their system and and they monitor closely their metabolic rate and everything about it. And they and it just goes to show that like we're just really terrible at at knowing how much we eat and how much we move. overestimate how much activity we're doing. Like unless you have accelerometers and you're you're living in a metabolic world. It's really like people are like, I must I have to burn this many calories and I'm I know I'm only eating this few. But when they look at the studies, people are off by like 50%. Like I always think I'm like, I don't know. I probably eat like three 3,000 3500 calories. I I guarantee I probably eat 4,500 calories a day. And even even doctors and dietitians when they check. So usually around the 30 30 year old range life is just hectic. Now there are some there are some what we call secondary causes of weight gain that you do you got to screen for you got to look out for like does this person have hypothyroidism very rare honestly for hypothyroidism and usually the weight that people gain is from fluid fluid retention and then you give them their thyroid replacement and it comes off. No, there's some I mean there's some other things Cushing disease rare very rare in those case and it's not usually I just had a cortisol guy on my podcast we're going over how how like when you see the textbook where we see the the moon faces it's like they're so full-blown but like >> the like people with just kind of small little levels of of increased cortisol from a maybe a a cortisol secretreting tumor it's really hard to detect because the the the the variance in labs and and got to recheck multiple times. It's really interesting. But for the most part, life is just so disruptive and we live in this environment where we're surrounded by foods that we like it's they've done this in the the Kevin Hall, he's done this where it's like you you will think that you're eating the same amount of calories, but if it's highly processed, ultrarocessed, highly refined, you'll eat 500 calories more per day or or so. It's something around that level. That's a lot of calories that you don't even account for. And it's it's subconscious. So if if when people are saying they're eating them out, they they believe that they're eating the same amount but and they they they haven't changed their activity, but something just a small shift in one little way that's subconscious that since you're not living in a metabolic ward, it's just so hard to detect. So that's that's pretty much what's going on. Obviously pmenopause and menopause, you probably I know you see a ton of this. >> But that will disrupt their lifestyle just enormously. sleep disruption. Sleep sleep deprivation not only increases how much you want to I mean you were doing I guarantee you did a ton of night shifts. I don't know if you and you were on call a lot in the in the hospital. So I remember doing night shifts and resins. Yeah. I just couldn't stand it. But by the end of the two week shift I used at the beginning I'm like meat and vegetables and I'm like going to be super lean. By the end of the two week shift, I was like, "Give me these Rice Krispies and super sweet like super I I I had to have been because my sleep was so disrupted and they've seen this in studies where >> really >> your reward system." And I was like, "Give me give me the sweet like super easy." Yeah. Really? Like >> And so you can imagine pmenopause where they're not sleeping well like anyway. >> Yeah. I mean, when I was in residency, that was when I would do the overnight shifts, and the cafeteria would open up from like 1:00 a.m. to 3:00 a.m. And my go-to at that time, and I know knew nothing about nutrition or anything at that time, was deep fried apple slices, which exactly points to exactly what you're saying. >> Yeah, deep fried apple. That's hilarious. That sounds good. >> They had fry bar. It was every night with Fry Bar in the in the hospital. It's like, oh my god. If you've been feeling exhausted, anxious, foggy, or like you're gaining weight no matter what you do, and your doctor just shrugs and says that's normal for your age, you are not crazy. You're being ignored. The medical establishment has been dismissing women's hormonal health for far too long. Well, Joy was created by a woman who lived this frustration firsthand during pmenopause. And she decided that women deserve better than generic advice and symptom checkers. Every Joy Lab comes with a real consultation with a licensed clinician who specializes in women's hormones. Not an AI chatbot, but an actual expert who explains what's happening in your body. Joy offers real treatment options. Hormone therapy, peptide therapy, personalized supplements, whatever your body actually needs. And for a limited time, you can add a 60-day supply of their estrogen face cream for just $1 with clinician approval. So, stop guessing and start getting answers. Go to joy andbl.com/yune and use code yun for 50% off your labs and 20% off all your supplements. That's joy andblok.com/une and the code yun for 50% off your labs and 20% off all your supplements. Joy and Bloks is healthcare that actually listens to women. And we'll put a link in the caption below. You're getting all your steps in though. Running to what were I don't know. Oh my god. Yeah. >> Were Were you doing trauma codes or something? I don't even know. >> Yeah. All trauma, ICU, all that stuff. >> Oh my god. >> Well, let's talk about GLP1s. So, you know, you you are an obesity medicine specialist. Obviously, GLP1's for those of you listening, you know, that's the the name for medications like Ozmpic, WGO, and all that. So, who is a candidate, a good candidate for GLP-1 medications for weight loss? And basically, who is not a candidate for GLP-1s? That's a great that's a great question because in the beginning they used BMI cutoffs body mass index cut offs which like you do podcast and hours of discussion about that where they used a 27 BMI kilograms per meter squared most people understand the BMI at least a little bit you can do your calculation it's a weight and height you have to have a 27 plus what's called a coorbidity of obesity and this is just some weight related condition blood pressure PCOS sleep apnea, osteoarthritis of the knee or hip, something related to your your weight, high high cholesterol, triglycerides, heart disease, even things like that. Reflux even potentially could could count or urinary incontinence and stuff like that. So 27 plus plus one of those or a 30 BMI and above without a coorbidity. They've recently updated this and this is where people are pushing for obesity to be more of a clinical diagnosis. So instead of what we call anthropometric meaning just based off of body measurements you would you would want to have a clinical look at this person because I get patient Asian population a 23 24 BMI you this person could have type 2 diabetes and other weight related issues due to a lower threshold that is needed of atapost tissue fat tissue to cause metabolic harm. So then it's like I see people I see people with a 24 BMI, you know, they got thinner arms and and legs and they're storing most of their weight around their their waist. So that person who has clear metabolic disease, their a you know, their hemoglobin A1C, their blood sugar, all those things are disrupted, their triglycerides are high, clearly metabolic syndrome picture, that person wouldn't qualify just because of the BMI. So they've removed that from the label. Now insuranceances are always way far behind. They may not approve it with a low of BMI unless you do some sort of appeals and whatever. But they the newer guidelines are saying we should be measuring waist circumference. You can do waist height ratios. You can do waist to hip ratios. There's a multiple ways to to do it. But looking where you're storing your atapost or fat tissue along with this clinical picture. So then okay. So we have we kind of have that idea. So I I do go down lower 23ish BMI. It's it's not super common down there, but you do get people that would need it. Now, a caveat to that is if they started at a much higher weight, like 30, 40, whatever BMI, and they qualified originally, and they got down to that with one of these medicines, I'm not going to discontinue it. I just I'll just keep redoing it. I I go down as low as like 20 BMI just to keep them at that weight if they've lost a bunch of weight. >> How do you pick I'm sorry, real quick. If there are different GLP-1 medications out there, I mean there there two major ones, semiglutide, tzepatide. How do you pick one over another for a patient? >> Yeah. Yeah, it's a good question. So, Tzepide or is Zepbound is the name brand that they're using or Mangaro is for type two diabetes. Zepbound is the weight management version. That's the most powerful one, the best tolerated one. And then there's Wiggoi which is simagotide. People know it as ompic or Wiggoi, doesn't matter. But Wiggoi is dosed a little bit higher. uh the way that they studied it and that one not as well tolerated. They just came out with a pill version of it if anybody saw that and it's not as powerful in terms of total amount of weight loss. The thing is though like it's really going to come down to insurance coverage. So if they cover one versus the other, you're going to go with that one because otherwise it's going to be expensive. And often times they're making people start with the we goi the simaglletide and there must be some backdoor deals going on with Novo and Novo Nordisk is the company that yeah >> makes that versus Eli Lily who makes the Tzepide the Zepbound and then if you don't tolerate the we go if you don't respond as well say you don't lose as much weight they'll let you do the Zepbound. But honestly like I I do very low doses of Zepbound even at people at the lower weights because they just they just tolerate it better. So you just use a lower dose. But truthfully I I'm going to go with whatever insurance is going to cover. The other thing to know is that unlike Zepbound which is tepideaglletide in we go form has been studied in those with cardiovascular disease without type two diabetes and they have obesity. So theoretically or hypothetically if you have somebody with obesity and cardiovascular disease you should probably probably go to the simaglletide there is going to be this study that's coming out about the turepide soon we'll see if I I assume it's also going to lower cardiovascular events as well but that would be the one time you'd probably go okay we should probably use the simaglletide over the tursepide but truthfully really comes down to cost the Wiggoi right now, the Wiggoi pills are a little bit cheaper. So, people are going, "Hey, maybe I should do that instead of the zap bound if they have to pay out of pocket." And there's there's some direct you can get it directly through the manufacturer now as opposed to going to the pharmacy where it's $1,000. So, you can get it a lot cheaper. So, people might go that way. But that's that's the gist. I I do want to mention so the people I don't prescribe these things for is when it's when they're lean and stark metabolically healthy. And I I perceive that there could be some harm in the long run because if if you're using these things and you're already pretty lean, it could be similar to the like the weight cycling or yo-yo dieting because if you go on them, let's say you lose 10 15 pounds, that was purely for vanity purposes, not for health purposes. And then you go, "All right," and then come off of it, it's highly likely that person's going to start regaining the weight. And then they start regaining the weight and then you go, "Okay, you go put them back on it." And if they weight cycle, there is a concern that you're going to worsen their body composition over time. It's hypothetical. We don't have the studies to prove this, but if you lose weight, hopefully it's just fat, but there's going to likely be a fat, a mixture of fat and muscle. And then if you regain the weight, we don't know if regaining it will be that same percentage of fat and muscle. Is it possible that they're going to regain atapose or fat tissue only? Then they want to lose weight again. Then they lose a mixture of fat and muscle. Then they gain the weight. So then you're losing muscle, gaining fat through this weight cycling process. It's not again it's not known, but that's that I don't I try not to to only I don't do it for people just purely at low weights for vanity purposes. I try to stay pure to the obesity, but like sometimes there's some edge cases where it's like, well, okay, they have a family history and we're going to use a low dose. We're not using it for weight loss. We're using it for cardiovascular disease prevention. That's hypothetical. That's that's the gist. So, there have been some people who claim that if you lose weight on a GLP-1 medication that you lose more muscle mass than you would if you lost weight in other ways, going on a diet, that type of thing. Is that true? And let me know your thoughts about that. >> Yeah. So, I obviously we don't want people to lose muscle tissue, but there was there was a signal with some magide that it was a slightly higher amount compared to of of percentage of what we call fat-free mass. And there this is how they look at DEXA scans. When you do a DEXA scan, they see like your your fat free mass versus your fat mass. But fat free mass isn't all muscle. It's also bone and other non-fat containing tissues in your body. So there when they looked at simaglletide, which is wiggoi specifically, it was just it was a tick higher in the fat-free mass loss. But when they looked at Zetbound or Tzepide, it looked about the same mix as if you were to just do diet only or beriatric surgery only and didn't resistance train. So it's it's pretty much a myth that you're going to gain you're going to lose more muscle than you are fat. It should be very similar to if you're in a calorie deficit of some sort and just not resistance training. We publish we're actually we've got a 100 person cohort. We're doing a big study on this. It's not we're not done with it yet, but we did publish a case series on three patients who maint absolutely maintained or even gained muscle or fat-free mass while on these medicines. And you know, it it doesn't change what we recommend. It's resistance training. Should probably be doing it at least a couple times a week. I recommend if you're doing it a couple times a week, it's a full body. I personally like to do a split legs, upper body, legs, upper body. But, you know, two days a week at least full body. if not do more with some sort of split there. And then the in a distant second would be protein intake. We try to get people to do at least 1.2 g per kilogram of their body weight, which is actually pretty small and most people can do it. It's the concern is if you ramp up the medicine so much that they don't have an appetite and just aren't eating anything. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> That's that's a concern. That's why I have dietitians. We're like very particular. I monitor their weight loss so they're not losing too much weight too quickly. But so the it's it's it's a myth that the med the medicines cause more muscle loss than fat loss, but it's it's not it's not it's not something to not be concerned about. We don't actually know. People do better no matter what. Their physical activity improves. It could be a muscle quality thing, too. Despite losing what looks like fat, free mass, and muscle, it's possible the muscle quality may improve, and it just depends on how we measure it. So, I would say it's it the fear is overblown, but I think it's right to be concerned and make sure that we recommend resistance training, if that makes sense. >> Yeah. No, it definitely does. How long then do you tell your patients if they're losing weight that that they should expect to stay on GLP1 medications? You know, I know a plastic surgeon who was very early on on the GLP1 bandwagon, and there are a lot of plasticians who prescribe GLP-1s. There's actually more than 50% a survey was found. I've got my own personal feelings about that, but but he said, "Oh, yeah, everybody just expect to stay on the rest of your life." Is is that the direction that you take as well, or what are your thoughts on that? >> So, I I tell people like, "Look, these medicines were created in a way where you can take them indefinitely, and most people will likely have to take them indefinitely, but when they look at the trials, they've done this. They basically put everybody on the drug and then partway through the trial they re they randomize then a compon a part of these people to a placebo and they watch what happens while keeping the other people on the drug and then watch what's happened to them and then they compare them. The people that stop the drug on average regain their weight most of it >> but there's like a a small percentage and 10 to 15% of people that looks like they maintain actually most of their weight loss off. So the way that if you want to be really like nuanced, you say like most people will likely have to stay on some form or fashion of the medicine and that doesn't mean you have to stay on the whopping like if it's that bound 15 milligram dose. I have some people that are able to go back down to the lowest dose which is 2.5 and take it every couple weeks. It is not even weekly. And I'm like wow. And they're maintaining their 100 pound weight loss. I'm like so they they are they responded well. They don't need much in their system to keep them at bay. If you removed it completely, they'd start slowly regaining the weight. I have some people that have come off and they're fine. I don't know. I It's kind of like, okay, I'm not gonna stop them from coming off. If they want to come off, I'm gonna do my best to help them. >> And then there's other people that will try and they're like, oh my god, I'm voraciously hungry. There's other people that say, if you try to stop this, you're going to have to pull this out of my cold dead hands. And and I'm always like, I'm not gonna I'm not going to stop you. I I tell people, I'll never stop you. I will only help you if you want to. I'm not going to guarantee that you can come off. I'm not going to guarantee that you you can't keep the weight off either. It's most people will have to, but I I I like to be accurate because there are some obesity doctors like, "Nope, obesity is chronic. Everybody has to stay on this forever." I'm like, "Well, that's not actually true. It's mostly true, but it's not completely true." So, there's the >> I mean, I think I think the hope is that they change their lifestyle due to the medication by eating less. you know, hopefully you, you know, you've you've got the team of people who are helping them as well increase their activity and all of that. And then the hope is that you realize that maybe you don't have to eat as much food as you used to or maybe and maybe you start enjoying foods that are healthier for you because I know that you know the whole the dopamine how how the GLP ones impact the dopamine receptors in the brain and all that. >> Um, and I think the hope is that they realize that that that they're happy with a new type of way of living their life and that hopefully they stay off of it. But obviously that's not the case for everybody. Oh, go ahead. >> Yeah, I was going to say and that that does happen. It's it's the people that when they come off and they're trying to do that, the people, if you heard of the term food noise, they just can't stop thinking about food. It's like this pestering little person just eat, go get those those chips that were left over from last night from the sandwich that you had. Like whatever. anything, everything. Like, so, so some people, some people were able to get, "Oh, wow." They just needed to, let's say, the pandemic, they disrupted so many people. They got into weird habits and they never struggled with their weight before. And now, and it wasn't so much biological as it was maybe just habitual. And there might be a biological component after they've gained a weight, but they use the medicines, they use it to get back into what they used to do. I see those patients doing well. Again, it's anecdotal, but what you said that that is true for some people. >> Yeah, I think that's the ideal hope. What are your thoughts on micro doing GLP1s? I mean, this is obviously a very hot topic. I've had patients of mine who've come to see me. I don't prescribe GLP-1s, but they say, "Look, I started micro doing. I've lost that 10 or 15 pounds that I gained with menopause. I've had patients tell me that I my arthritis is better. I feel less inflamed." What are your thoughts on that? because that is not an FDA approved indicica FDA approved way to treat these medications. >> Yeah, you know, I'm not against it as long as they're using an FDA approved version. So, I do have patients that that do that. Like there are some clear this is where it goes back to my kind of thinner patients, but they have some kind of metabolic things. So, they just actually just uh came out with topline results of trespatide for sor seriatic arthritis, I believe it was. and and just the amount of people that tell me, "Wow, my Crohn's is better. Oh, my ulcer of colitis is better. Wow, my seroriatic rheumatoid arthritis is better. I just feel better overall." They I they have to keep studying it, but if I had to guess, it's probably very safe. I would just not want to do the weight cycling thing. So, I think low doses are fine. I the lowest dose in in the FDA approved version is 2.5 milligrams. So, a micro dose to me would be something less than that. And so you get people that are on the Lily direct option which is where you get it directly from the manufacturer. You can it's self-pay insurance isn't going to pay for this person that's not using it for an FDA approved reason. So you can use like you know they can just use half of the vial that it comes in 1.25 or sometimes even a little bit less but usually about 1.25. They're not using it for weight loss but they feel a lot better. PCOS for example there I don't know if there's they're GLP-1 receptors all over the body. So probably ovaries, uterus, and in the hypothalamus that that's doing all the communication with ovulation. And these patients all of a sudden start having normal periods again without weight loss. And everybody's like, "Oh, PCOS, it's just because, you know, the obesity." It's like, well, no, there's clearly some metabolic disruption going on. So patients like that, I'm like, I have no problem prescribing it off label for those patients. I just I'm very careful about, you know, just pure vanity weight and and and and then them stopping it and then regaining. That's that's kind of the big concern. >> Do you think that, you know, I mean, I know there's studies now where they're testing GLP1s to potentially help with preventing Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and all that. Do you think at some point in the future everybody will be on a micro dose of GLP1s because it reduces inflammation? It may help prevent I mean the idea is reducing inflammation. So many of our chronic diseases have to do with inflammation and that that could be actually a longevity play for people. I mean theoretically it seems like it could make sense. >> I I I so I'm bullish. Everybody's like you're a big pharmaceill and maybe I am. I I don't I don't get kickback. Everybody's you must make kickbacks from the drugs. No I don't. I did a one advisory board for Nova Nordis this past summer. They paid me what six or $7,000 to go and tell them to make their drug cheaper for my patients. So I always put that out there. It's not on my open payments yet, but like full disclosure, I went to an advisory board. I did it for them. And I do think I think eventually, we can't say it now, it's not it wouldn't be evidence-based to say everybody should be taking these drugs. I I had some videos with another YouTuber who said everybody should be taking basically these drugs and I said no if we're going based off of evidence. But if we look to the future, I could I could see it. I could absolutely see it. I don't take one currently, but I'm sitting there looking at cardiovascular disease prevention with, you know, just a small dose. >> And I'm like, I I could see like aches and pains and feeling better. Is it possible? Is it possible there's harm from it? Very, it's possible. But I I don't know what it would be exactly. There aren't any smoking guns in the in the current studies that look like, "Oh god, we we really screwed that up." Like they've screwed up other drugs that people are prescribing often. So I do I see a world in the next 20 years where everybody's it's kind of like taking a whatever. There aren't even any drugs out there like people >> like a daily aspirin that people. Yeah. And even then like they found well that probably wasn't a good idea because of all the head bleeds. And then statins, you know, you know, people thought that, but it's like people don't even take statins as much as they probably should, but it's like it's good. I do think I think because people and now you're a plastic surgeon, right? So, this is a funny thing. People will say on a survey that they want to lose weight for health purposes, but they want to look better. They always want to look better. When it comes down to it, that's what sells when you do before and after pictures. That sells better than a before and after of their cholesterol or whatever else. Always does. So people people vote with their wallets and their money. So >> Oh, vanity is a is a is a is a strong influence. Yeah. On people's behavior. Oh, yeah. >> And and yes, this the health is is a component. I I I think I just have a good feeling that a strong feeling I should say that most people are going to be on this and they're going to be, you know, for for legit purposes. So imagine this person that was born to parents who eventually, you know, they're healthy and then they went on to have metabolic disease, you know, you know, from their weight. Well, what if you have a a kid who's trying to do their best that they can and they start gaining weight and they're not they don't have metabolic disease yet, but it's like give this person this drug. They're trying their best. Let's prevent it in the first place. So, I could see all sorts of use cases. I just I have a feeling the drugs are going to be so cheap in the future, they're not right now, that people are going to be like, "Whatever, give me a little bit. It's going to be like a daily multivitamin. >> So, we have just a few minutes left, but what I'd love to do is go over what I call quick hits. So, I'm going to give you a certain thing and if you could tell me on a scale of 1 to 10, how important these are maintaining a healthy weight or weight loss. Okay. So, one to 10 and then if you want to do one or two sentences for each so we can move through it, I'd love to do that. All right. So, the first one is fiber. How important is getting adequate fiber in your diet important to weight loss? >> I would say six. That's and and that that may sound low. I would say it's six because it really depends on what it becomes packaged with. So, are we talking adding like psyllium husk supplements versus like foods that are high in fiber just because they're high in fiber? Those tend to be satiating and filling and good for you. So, I would say six. >> How about sleep? >> Eight. I would give eight. If if your sleep is done, there's no way you're going to want to diet or exercise. I know if I don't sleep, I am just a miserable posos. >> How about reducing stress? How important is reducing stress to losing weight and maintaining a healthy weight? >> I would give it a I would give it a five. It's not It's not Some people need stress to get them going. Good stress. Bad stress though will make them want to eat more and do things that aren't conducive to a healthy lifestyle. >> How important is aerobic exercise to maintaining a healthy weight and weight loss? Uh there are some people who are online saying that you don't need to do any aerobic exercise, that you just need to lift weights. What are your thoughts on aerobic exercise? I'd give it a give it a six. It's it's it's more so in terms of just purely maintaining weight loss. The the data support aerobic training more than resistance training. In the world of GLP1s though, I did this debate. In the world of GLP1s though, the resistance training is so important because of the muscle loss. And then if you don't if you if you can maintain your muscle, you'll burn more calories overall. And the GLP1 does most of the calorie deficit. But the the aerobic training is so important for the heart and cardiorespiratory fitness. So without the GLP1, you know, we're talking six, seven, six, seven, it's the GLP1, maybe a little bit little bit less. >> And then resistance training, how would that be? I know you've just mentioned that, but what would you rank that scale of 1 to 10? >> Probably probably similar. I I'd put it at a because I'm biased. I'm Docs who lift pocket. I'm going to put it at a seven. >> All right. How about eating less sugar? How's how important is eating less sugar for weight loss and maintaining a healthy weight? I'll give it a six simply because I would if you're putting it in the context of things like fruit, it's like, "All right, whatever. The fruit, I don't really care about the sugar so much." If we're putting it in the context of sugary beverages, though, I'm going to be throwing it up to a 10. Like, I'm going to I'm going to crank that up, you know? So, it depends on the context. >> All right. How about eating breakfast? How important is eating breakfast with weight loss and maintaining a healthy weight? >> I give it a three just because like I I do like I personally don't like fasting. I love eating normal spaced out meals, but some people do better by doing more of a intermittent fasting window. >> Yeah. And that's something actually I've been doing that's helped me personally, but I know that everybody's a little bit different in how they react to it. So my guest this week is Dr. Spencer Nadala. He is an expert in obesity medicine and weight loss. He has a podcast called Docs Who Lift. And you cover all sorts of health topics, not only just about lifting and about obesity medicine, but really all topics of health. That's correct, right? I've heard it a few times. >> Yeah. I mean, we we talk about it from the clinician angle and the patient angle. We just had like a cortisol expert on that's like actually from I think it might have gone to the U of M and like we're having a guy on to talk about the new dietary guidelines and then we'll have podcasts about the new GLP1. We cover all the GLP-1 science, but we also talk about we have lifters on. We have all sorts of aspects of metabolic health, endocrinology, and you name it. We're going to have to have you on to talk about plastic surgery. >> Yeah. Hey, anytime. and his website is joinvineyard.com. So definitely take a look at him. He's also very very active on social media. So take a look at Dr. Spencer Nadolski. Thank you so much for joining me today. This was great. >> Thanks for having me on, buddy. >> I appreciate it. So my name is Dr. Anthony Yun. This is the Dr. Yun Show. Thank you so much for watching and listening. If you've been enjoying this podcast, as always, if you could take two minutes of your time to leave a rating or review on iTunes or Spotify, wherever get your podcasts, it definitely helps me spread the word. And as always, we'll always shout out somebody in every episode who does that. And I'll leave you with this. As always, adopt don't shop.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kauilanikim2199 [19 likes]: I've been on GLP1s for 4 years.... and I seem to have only lost the muscle in my butt lol.  The rest of my muscles are in tact.  I did not strength train because of disabilities, and only walked 15 minutes 2x a day.  You can actually see all my muscles now and they are all very pronounced now that all the fat is gone.  I went from 200lbs to 120lbs in those 4 years. I am 5 ft tall.
  2. @TheKyPerson [4 likes]: A friend of mine uses GLP1 mounjaro for type 2 diabetes. She is obese and has lost 35 pounds plus her A1C is lower.  But she has had bad intestinal issues.
  3. @Graham-e6c [3 likes]: Im waiting to see if/when any side effects cause people to file massive lawsuits.
  4. @jenniferkannapel9450 [2 likes]: Some people aren't lying about how many calories they eat. The question asked about what can metabolically happen to women after a few babies was completely dismissed as people lie. He uses himself as an example. He might have children but HIS body has never gone through the gestation, birth or breastfeeding process. 
Calories is a stupid metric. 
Fat gain in many women is typically about insulin resistance. Calories from 'healthy' fruit is fat storing compared to the same calories from meat or protein.
  5. @boofamaurice [2 likes]: Im on MJ and have nothing but good things happen to me, auto immunity symptoms are next to none, inflammation markers have dropped significantly and weight loss of 20 pounds which is a bonus.  On 2.5 mgs and never stopping.  Why would i when feel a million bux.
  6. @TheVelvetTallow [2 likes]: He’s losing me on his theory about women in menopause. Hormonal causes are not rare dude. No it’s not subconscious
  7. @kathyh857 [2 likes]: So interesting great video. GLP 1s have been suggested to me but I am waiting to see the long term effect of these drugs
  8. @WonderWomanInMichigan [2 likes]: Aesthetics is usually the #1 reason. I see nothing wrong with that. We all want to look great
  9. @bignamae24 [1 likes]: They just have to stop eating that much..  🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️ If they can lose weight  via GLP1, they can also lose weight by eating better and less. A person I know  is on it, but still eats sweets, carbs, chocolate and only very little protein. She also snacks a lot. Just overall less, with Ozempic. But if she doesnt change her habits, she will gain it all back.
  10. @lanephillips8109 [1 likes]: On trizepitide what is a normal maintenance dose in units
  11. @katella2957 [1 likes]: G1p-1’s is cheating and it gives you a head start to losing weight.
I don’t care that anyone uses it, but please don’t tell me your work out routine or what you eat for a day because you take the shot. 

My husband is on Ozempic has been for almost 3 years, he does not eat vegetables no fruits no whole food doesn’t go to the gym. He went from 225- to 160. So yes. The shot 💯 does the work!
  12. @sumaiaak68: The muscle loss question is the one i wish more creators addressed head-on. what i've seen in my own experience is that protein timing matters way more than most people expect on these meds, because your appetite drops so much you can easily under-eat protein without realizing it. been on compounded sema through Form Blends and tracking protein separately from calories was the single adjustment that kept my strength consistent. the microdosing section of this video is genuinely underrated too.
  13. @Helicon-bithi: the muscle loss point in this video is something i wish i'd understood before i started, not 4 months in. i was doing almost zero resistance training because the appetite suppression had me eating so little i figured cardio was enough. lost weight fast but when i actually looked at my body composition i'd lost a noticeable amount of muscle alongside the fat.

what changed it for me was deliberately bumping protein to around 140g even on days i had zero appetite for it, and adding 2-3 lifting sessions a week. i get mine through formblends on compounded semaglutide and my provider flagged the muscle loss risk early but i honestly didn't take it seriously until i saw it happening.

the microdosing section is underrated too. staying at a lower dose longer than you think you need to is genuinely undervalued advice.
  14. @sylviamcneil7721: Thank you for this video.  Very informative and current!!
  15. @amybonham9493: Imagine how angry the people are who had gastric bypass surgery and remain chubby.
  16. @LatvianJam: I’m on Mounjaro for 18 weeks now. I have crohns and my doctors are following up with all tests etc. I actually first time in 10 years have energy to do things. It actually has helped me mentally too as I eat better and I have energy to do things. I have lost 11.5kg (I had surgery in middle too so needed to take break from MJ). I been recovering from surgery amazingly quickly. I’m at the moment back on 2.5mg but not planing to go above 5mg (I can’t afford) but it has helped me with “food voice” which is caused by my daily medicine. I even not bothered to lose quickly weight but most importantly that depression is not active. I even not experiencing much of side effects - only constipation (but I’m on morphine and co-codamol). I actually only think I have this lucky with side effects only because I’m strict with protein and hydration. I’m not planing to get off of it that soon. And additionally it helped me with alcohol intake- due to over 7 years long health problems I started to drink alcohol more. Now first of all I don’t want it and second of all - I get heart burn so it made me stop driving myself in the grave ❤️
  17. @roesmary764: Good for you @kauilanikim2199! You must feel so much better. I’ve been on it since June 9 and am at my goal weight since November. My butt is the only thing that I haven’t been able to build back. I weight train 2 days per week and Pilates 3 days. Walk when I can. Listening to the podcast now and hope to hear some good tips. Keep on your journey!

- The Truth About GLP-1 Receptors: No, They’re Not “Desensitized” | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever heard someone say that medications like OIC or wovi will eventually stop working and in order to get them to work again you need to cycle off the medication and reset your system well for a bit of a spoiler alert that's not how the glp1 based medications work and today I'm going to be busting the myth regarding down regulation desensitization and even potential damage to the glp1 receptors in your body when taking these medications and we're also going to talk about why cycling off the medication might actually do more harm than good oh and if you haven't already done so make sure you smash that subscribe button so you can stay up to date on all of the evidence around the antiobesity medications now for a quick recap for anybody that might be new here OIC wovi Zep bound and maero are glp1 based receptor agonists and what these medications do is they mimic the natural glp1 hormone that is produced by our body which helps us to regulate our appetite our blood sugar and can ultimately help us to lose weight and for many they have been lifechanging medications but unfortunately the influencers and self-appointed experts have been sprinkling a lot of confusion across the internet first they warned us that these medications were dangerous and going to kill us all then they started advertising and selling these natural glp1 boosters and now they're all talking about how you need to cycle the glp1 medications or you're going to end up damaging your receptors and your body it's always fascinating how things can start to change as money gets involved so let me address the easy stuff first now people in this realm will often cite a couple of different studies that have demonstrated downregulation or desensitization to the glp1 medications however they often neglect the piece where these studies were done with cells in a Petri dish and if you didn't realize it um what happens in a Petri dish with a bunch of cells is not quite what happens inside of the human body which up to this point we have demonstrated no desensitization or damage when we look at the human body itself and we provide these medications it turns out that human biology is is far more complex and hey are you ready to take control of your health and create real lasting changes if that's the case then you need to sign up for my new online community Dr Dan's empowerment Hub where we Empower you with evidence-based tools and compassion to help you realize and reach your goals we provide expert guidance on managing stress emotional eating and creating sustainable habits it's also a judgment-free community where we can all work and grow together you see managing your weight is not about the quick fixes it's about creating a balanced and fulfilling life that you truly enjoy and we can help you to feel confident empowered and Unstoppable so head to the description down below check out the various links and get more information and come and join us on your empowerment journey to your healthiest and happiest life I can't wait to see you there so the idea that The glp1 receptors get worn out or stop working because of the gp1 medications is simply not true and we have a number of real world studies to demonstrate that first off when we look at the select trial which was done with wovi over a 4-year period to demonstrate the cardiovascular benefit that these medications can provide as you can see in this graph here over that entire 4-year period people initially lost weight but then their weight stayed pretty much the same for that 4year period there was no weight regain or increase or anything indicating that the medication didn't wear off and didn't stop doing what it was helping them to do so that's the first piece of evidence that we have next we want to take a trip over to the step five trial now the step five trial was a 2-year randomized control trial that was looking at wovi compared to Placebo and what they did over the period of that trial is they actually assessed craving appetite hunger and all of those things to determine is the medication from that perspective wearing off as the time went on and what did they find well it turns out that appetite and Cravings were significantly and persistently reduced over the full 2-year period and further there was a correlation between the greater amount of reduction in appetite and Cravings the more weight the individuals lost which makes sense more craving reduction equals more weight loss so the takeaway of this is that the gp1 medications continue to keep working over that period of time and they don't stop or don't desensitize or get used to the medication the medication keeps working in the background even if it seems like that number on the scale isn't going down now I know some people will be jumping up and down and saying but I'm no longer losing weight so that must mean that the medication's not working and again that's not true you see if you've reached a plateau particularly if you're about a year out from using this medication well that's perfectly normal you see after some period of time everybody is eventually going to reach a plateau and every single drug trial that we've done to date shows a similar pattern we get a quicker rate of loss at the start and then things Plateau or flatten out as the individuals have lost a substantial amount of weight and continue to maintain that weight loss when we look at the individual drugs we goie on average led to a weight loss of about 15% from Baseline whereas Zep bound led to a weight loss of approximately 20 21% from Baseline the big problem that we often run into is that people have very Grand expectations in terms of the amount of weight they expect to lose you see on average people are expecting to lose 35% plus of their Baseline body weight and they expect to lose weight in a very linear straightforward fashion so each day each week each month there should be steady and consistent loss ongoing forever and always until until you decide to stop but unfortunately the reality is much much different and as I said previously W goie led to a 15% loss from Baseline whereas Zep bound led to a 21% loss from Baseline so expecting to lose 35% of your Baseline weight is something that we usually don't even achieve with bariatric surgery that is a lot of weight so what exactly is going on here because people will feel like the medications no longer working not only have they plateaued so we've explain that piece of it but they will also feel like their hunger and Cravings are increasing and coming back and in some cases people might even be regaining some of the weight they lost well the unfortunate part that we have going on here is that biology is kicking in the reality is is that the more weight you lose the harder it's going to be to lose further weight and it's going to be even harder to maintain that weight loss long term but it's not because the medication is not working or anything like that it's because the body is adapting your body under go a process called metabolic adaptation so your body as you lose weight is going to slow down your metabolism you're also going to just burn fewer calories by simply existing because you're going to be smaller we're going to see an increase in hunger and cravings and in general you're going to feel lazier your body is doing what it does best when you are losing weight and in a calorie deficit and it's really effing good at these things because 30,000 years ago if it didn't kick these systems in well you would die unfortunately our biology our bodies don't realize that we're no longer living in a world that existed 30,000 years ago and it doesn't recognize that there's an overabundance of food everywhere now the medications are helping us to manage this biology and keeping it at Bay it's bringing it down to a much lower level than if you didn't have the medication in where you were currently were so if you're getting some hunger and Cravings it would be much much higher and much much worse if the medication wasn't there and as we're going to see next as soon as you take away that medication well all of that hunger cravings and such like that comes screaming back and we ultimately gain a lot of weight back hey everyone I've been using a yeou fitness bike for the last few weeks and I got to say it has been a GameChanger for my cardio routine now we know that cardio is key for heart health but it also plays a big role in boosting your energy and well-being and this bike has been a great tool and my go-to to get my heart rate up and start releasing some of those great endorphins that keep me going through the day the thing I love about this bike is that it's solid in design it's super sleek and it comes with a 1080p screen for crystal clear video watching or having someone on your workout screen that can kind of guide you and support you along via the Yeo app it is definitely an awesome pelaton alternative and it comes at a fraction of the price and you can get another $100 off the regular price when you use my promo code Dr Dan that's d d an at checkout so check out the link Down Below in the description and grab your bike treadmill what have you today and start having a great workout and improving your health with ye Soul Fitness now what would happen if we did cycle the medication if we did take a break from it and then go back on it unfortunately we don't have specific studies that look at and answer this question however we do have other studies that we can look at that tell us what happens when you stop the medication and one of the really well done studies was the surmount for trial where everybody in the study was at initially given tier zppa tide and titrated up over a 36 we period and then at 36 weeks half of the people were switched to a placebo and everyone continued on for the rest of the period of the study and as you can see it's pretty clear that the people that stayed on tepati continued to lose weight and keep on going whereas the people that were switched to the placebo ultimately regain the weight back so if you cycle off the medication you're likely going to gain the weight back and it might make losing weight and maintaining your weight in the future even harder and that's because anytime that our weight is cycling up and down over relatively short periods of time we are further amplifying the effects of metabolic adaptations so that's going to mean bigger slowdowns in our metabolism a sharper increase in hunger and cravings and that's all going to lead to a greater difficulty in trying to lose weight ultimately the cycling on and off may lead to Next Level yo-yo dieting and we already know the harm that that can cause as indicated in this graph here you can see that metabolic rate is in blue calorie intake is the black dotted line and your weight is in red and as you can see with each successive weight loss attempt and weight regain metabolic rate continues to get depressed again and again even though the weight is going up and up and the caloric intake is staying about the same and this is ultimately one of the biggest burdens that occurs with yo-yo dieting well that doesn't include also the psychological component that's going to come from it as well so to sum this up the glp1 medications don't stop working they don't desensitize they don't damage they don't do anything like that to The gp1 receptors inside of the human body yes within a petri dish we can see a down regulation of gp1 receptors but that doesn't translate to the actual clinical individual human being further weight loss plateaus are totally normal and expected and un fortunately cycling on and off the medications are probably going to do a whole lot more harm than actual good so please don't fall for the influencer hype and Trust the Health Care Professionals that you're working with and Trust the science and I hope that answers the desensitization damage and cycling on and off medications questions so that is it and that is all my friends and if you enjoyed this video and it blew your mind then you definitely need to hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications so you don't miss out on my next video as as well feel free to share it with anybody that you think might get some benefit from it as well check out my other social media channels and all of the links that I have down below and of course don't forget to sign up for the Dr Dan's empowerment Hub if you want to create lasting and real changes for your health and until next time you beautiful people please always remember it is the small tweaks that lead to the massive Peaks

  Top Comments:
  1. @theofficialdrdan [2 likes]: 💭 Have you ever tried cycling off of your weight loss medication?

-
If you need assistance in your journey to reach your weight loss goals, book a consultation with me: https://calendly.com/drdanburton/weight-loss-consult

Thanks for watching!
  2. @Imfromfrankston [2 likes]: GLP 1 is a peptide like insulin. So it makes sense that there could be such a thing as GLP 1 resistance like insulin resistance. Time will tell.
  3. @mila6818 [1 likes]: thank you!  this is all over the place on the net and cycling on and off just seems like the new yo-yo dieting
  4. @hotguy1328 [1 likes]: Do we know if zepbound is good for ckd?
  5. @charlenemorton8779 [1 likes]: I started at 499 and have lost 75 pounds over the last 10 months. Should I expect not to meet my goal of weighing 200 lbs?
  6. @PatrickMalonee: Tthis whole "my receptors are burned out" spiral is SO common in the communities i'm in. people convince themselves they need to stop or switch because the honeymoon appetite suppression fades a little. been on compounded tirz through form blends for about 8 months and that early "wow i forgot to eat" feeling does soften, but the metabolic work is still happening. really glad someone with actual credentials is saying this clearly.
  7. @seamusr8120: I had great success at the start of my Reta journey, but now at 12.5 mg I don't feel anything and I'm slowly gaining weight. What should I do?
  8. @janetbrooks9203: I’ve been in Zepbound for almost a year and a half. I’ve lost 60 pounds. I am on the highest dose of 15 mg. But I am having such a hard time losing my body seems to have plateaued this weight and I still would like to lose 15 to 20 more pounds to get in a healthier weight range and to decrease stress on my knees. Do you have any suggestions? I exercise and do have appetite suppression and decrease in food noise but not quite as strong as in beginning.
  9. @t.c.s.7724: Exogenous glp administration will inevitably down regulate glp receptors. Biological imperative.
  10. @MrSJay77: Hi there. I took Ozmepic for 7 mo the other ish exercise and diet and lost 63lbs. I had to stop the medication due finances for 6 months and gained almost all of it back. I got back on the medication and it has 0 affect. No appetite suppression no weight loss (keeping up with exercise etc). I’ve been on it for months now and it’s made no benefit no difference.
  11. @orphanedhanyou: the placebo trial shows going off the meds is cycled off. the end. not any trials showing strategically cycling back on/off/on? would the idea not to be cycle off until weight gain starts (not is full gained back for months) then start meds again? like minimal gain 5-10 lbs over whatever maintenance weight you were at? I have been maintaining but fluctuating around 5 lbs for months now - so if I go off but start seeing consistent 6-10 over maintenance weight numbers, I would know I was creeping up and need to restart the meds is what I thought I was understanding from other videos & posts. this is all obviously alongside healthy habits and exercise, its the cravings and appetite issues that are being combated.
  12. @karneberrow3683: Once 28lbs lost which i gained in menopause and covid in will ween off it...fasting will be sufficient...only 10 lbs to go
  13. @JaneTrumbl: How do we know what your baseline is??
  14. @vegavela4128: Thank you doctor for providing thru and based on scientific data information. Internet is a total craziness when we are speaking about this new I was looking for actual and good information for a friend, she is with diabetes, this is a very strong and disciplined woman and has already lost twenty kilos, unfortunately her husband have had an ictus and at the present moment she is struggling with sugar blood and weight. So I keep sending her information. I had found an endocrinologist online because we live in a very small town and we don't have a private endocrinologist here. And she is quite happy with him and I keep searching information for her.
  15. @arlenewhyte1188: not really I have missed to a week before but unlike many I haven't had huge results of loss (20lb) but what I have lost i certainly don't want back. It is now costing me over $250 for a pen and that only would last me for two weeks.
  16. @arlenewhyte1188: is there anything that one can do since it is has become just too expensive. I found a discount card but apparently is only covers about 5% and that is not a big help. I was on 2mg and have missed one dose by 4 days
  17. @TheresMilad: I started at a 0.5 dose and experienced amazing results but I had to tier up my dosage because hunger would come back and I’m still 22-25% BF, I got up to 2.5 but eventually that dose didn’t work, I cycled off for 8 weeks and came back on and it worked very well again but once again after 8 weeks my receptors were not working again.
  18. @JacksyJeb: I wish I had come across your video sooner Dan! I’ve been on Ozempic for over 12 months now with great success. I reached my goal weight — and even went a little beyond — which unfortunately led to a lot of comments from people around me saying I’d lost too much. Eventually, I started to believe them and decided to reduce my dosage.

I tapered from 1mg to 0.75mg for a month, then down to 0.5mg for another four weeks. Strangely, during that time, it still felt like I was on the 1mg dose — the appetite suppression and mental quietness around food stayed consistent.

But after about a month on 0.5mg, everything came back with a vengeance. I’m constantly hungry, constantly thinking about food, and I’ve already regained around 4kg. I tried bumping back up to 1mg hoping it would reset things, but I’m now five weeks in and it feels like I’m injecting water — zero benefit.

Any thoughts on what might be going on here?
  19. @arthurik1929arthurik19291: I loved how he calls them “Self-Appointed Experts”😂😂…..you are correct about it.
  20. @LK-bn7sz: ive lost 35.1% of my weight the last 18 months! and still losing

- The Truth About GLP-1 Weight Loss Medications 💉 With Dr. Hanz!: Kind: captions Language: en GLP1s are everywhere. Internet, radio, television. We hear about it in every consult at the bar, the grocery store, friends. What are the GLP1s? This stands for glucagon like peptide. Essentially, a molecule that helps regulate insulin in the body. In other words, kind of a regulation of our blood sugar. Why it's so important is that it was initially developed as a medication for type 2 diabetes but found to have significant weight loss benefits. [music] The group of medicines include those that we're familiar with like ompic, monaro, zeppbound [music] as well as the generic equivalents being semiglutide and tzepatide. We're seeing a huge impact in all areas of society, but particularly in aesthetic surgery. With the weight loss, patients are now presenting with loose skin. Skin in all areas of the body extending from the face, so-called ompic face, to the abdomen or tummy, even the legs, arms, really seeing it all over the body. At Hans Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, we have a comprehensive approach and solution algorithm to loose skin from non-invasive to minimally invasive to what we consider traditional plastic surgery, short [music] scar techniques, or even more extensive and involved body lifts or full thigh lifts to address these concerns. [music] We're seeing the GLP1s just take over in our society. GLP1s, what you need to know. This is Dr. Kevin Hans, board certified plastic surgeon in Dallas, Texas. I've been in practice approximately 20 years. [music] We're located just at the south side of Highland Park, where Highland Park meets the uptown corridor. I encourage you to contact the office at 214-98-3633 [music] if these issues resonate with you and we can be of any assistance.

- Teens using Ozempic and other weight loss injections alarmingly on the rise | 60 Minutes Australia: Kind: captions Language: en Coming up next. >> I try and fit into this bubble of happiness. >> How young were you, Addie, when you first started taking a Zenic forte? >> The results are incredible. >> I was not a happy girl before. >> But should teenagers be alive? >> We don't have decades worth of data >> to take weight loss drugs like Ombi. >> This is a game changer. >> That's next on 60 Minutes. The wonder of the new group of weight loss drugs like Ampic is well known. Excess kilos vanish almost overnight. It's no surprise then that more and more people swear by them, including an increasing number of teenagers. In fact, in Australia, these drugs have just become available via prescription for children as young as 12. But while the immediate benefits seem extraordinary, what's not known are the long-term effects of these substances on young bodies. So here's the question. Is wait and see an appropriate course of action if it ends up delivering bad news. Forget a thousand words. These pictures tell so many more than that about the marvel of ampic. Before is Sophie at 16. After is her today, 2 years later. And as you might guess, there's no way to wipe the smile off her face. Are you proud of how far you've come? >> I'm really proud of myself. It was a long process and it's still, you know, everything's always changing, but I'm just really proud of myself for how far I've grown and the confidence I've gained and all the work that I have put in. Like Sophie, Sydney teenager Addie Mford is proof of the benefits of ampic. When she was taking the drug, she loved showing off on Tik Tok how it was changing her life. >> I went from 74 kilos to 65. I could go to the beach and not feel judged. I was happy and I did really good at school. For Addie and Sophie, there's no doubt Smagnetide, sold under brand names Ampic and Wiggoi, works. It was originally created to help control type 2 diabetes, but its popularity exploded when its effect on weight became known. Now, it's increasingly being used around the world to treat teenagers who've struggled with the often unfair curse of obesity. Does any part of you sit here and think my confidence, my self-esteem shouldn't be linked at all to how thin I am? >> Oh, absolutely. It's crazy how much social media has such an impact on those things. >> It's seen in the media that if you're not skinny or if you're not losing weight, then you're just not worth it. Weight is just something that is really hard when you look at yourself in the mirror and that you know it can be different. >> What sets a Zenic apart in your opinion? >> The degree of weight loss and the amount of patients that respond to it. So more respond and lose weight and the average weight loss in kids is 15 kilos. >> Dr. Melanie Cre, a pediatric endocrinologist at the Children's Hospital in Aurora, Colorado, first prescribed a Zenic for Sophie after she was diagnosed with a condition called polycystic ovarian syndrome. At the time, the then 16-year-old was also overweight. It turned out taking the drug was a win-win. >> And so Sophie lost 96 lb. What is that about 38 kilos? Um, absolutely transformational. It absolutely transformed the end of her school years. The ant got them for me. Aren't they pretty? >> It was as if the Ampic had reset Sophie's whole body. >> Where nothing else had had any impact on her obesity, this suddenly did. >> I tried everything. I tried every diet. I was working out. I was on a competitive swim team for all of my youth and through the beginning of high school, you know, I was with my friends. I was eating the same things they were eating. Even some like I was eating less. I was trying to be mindful of what I was doing and just nothing worked and this was the thing that worked. >> So, how is the girl in those photographs different to the one you see in the mirror now? >> I'm just happy. I think that's the number one thing. I'm happy and I'm confident. >> It's been a similar story for Addie Moffett. She too was originally prescribed to Zenic, not for obesity, but for another medical condition. It's the effect the drug has had on her weight though, which she and her mom Beck say has been truly significant. How young were you, Addie, when you first started taking a Zenic? >> 14. >> 14. People will hear those two words together, a Zenic and 14, and genuinely be shocked. >> We hear a lot of the time, it's the easy way out. >> Yeah. >> And it's really not because everything else we've done hasn't worked. And it's not a decision we made lightly. >> Growing up, Addie had always been active, but no matter what she did, she couldn't control the kilos. First we started seeing nutritionists and a dietician and she stuck to a very strict diet of food. Um that didn't work. We tried the pill that didn't work. Um she had all these different changes and nothing was happening. Like she would she would run for an hour an afternoon. She'd put her headphones on, take the dogs and go. And the our endocrinologist came to us and said, "We've got this new drug on the market." >> Ompic. >> This is a game changer. This is the first time we've had real improvements in weight status in young people. >> There are going to be people at home watching saying, "Hang on, adolescents, teenagers, or kids on drugs for their weight loss. That just is not right." Well, I think it's not right for young people to already be living with obesity and suffering from the complications of obesity. >> Professor Louise Bower from the University of Sydney is a worldleading authority on childhood obesity. And with one in four Australian children now considered overweight, she believes this new range of simaglletide drugs is the answer. Many of the people who say just eat less and exercise more don't live with the issue of obesity haven't experienced that. It's very different. They don't have the disease. >> What does it do that's so different to any other treatment in the past? Drugs like simaglletide work on the brain to turn off the food noise to make you appetite decrease and they also work on parts of the gut to essentially slow down some of the processes in the gut. But they're not without known side effects. Losing the kilograms pleased Addie, but the frequent nausea she suffered didn't. How debilitating was it? >> I'd have to take days off school. >> Wow. She couldn't eat. >> And it would only last a day. I know that there are people out there that have had far more worse side effects. >> Why does weight and weight changes have such an impact on you, do you think? >> Um, I'm going to cry. >> It's okay. You're allowed to cry. I try and fit into this bubble of like perfectness, but I can just never because I don't know cuz like nothing works. Like I've tried everything and it just doesn't like and I just need feel like I need to be perfect and this weight and it just I never can. So it just makes me feel like I don't know the word >> that you're not good enough. Yeah. >> For 2 years from 14 to 16, Addie was thin and happy. But then came the blow. Addie's doctors thought it might be time to come off the Empic. >> Well, the weight came back on. It felt like a failure. >> Seeing a young woman experience a new life only to have it snatched away is cruel. Adam Moffett desperately wants what she had back again. >> I loved it. I loved it. Knowing that I was there and I was good. Now I'm here again. It's just like you can see in my face that I was happy and that I was confident and I just I want I want to be back there. >> Are you prepared and expecting that this is something you're going to be taking for a really really long time? If I want to feel happy and healthy and feel confidence, it's what I got to do. >> But here's the risk. The short-term results might be remarkable, but the long-term effects of children and teenagers taking drugs like a Zenic are simply not known. So, can anyone really be sure they're safe? Should we be giving it to 12year-olds? I I just don't know long term. >> Coming up, would you give a Zeic to your children? >> We don't have decades worth of data on these medications. We We just don't in humans on a Zic and on Tik Tok. Addie Moffett was lively and outgoing. But sadly, that joy she felt shedding the kilos has been replaced with the disappointment that comes when you go off it. The weight came back and daddy's selfworth vanished. >> And everyone says that this is the most important years of your life and you're meant to be living it, but you're not living. >> You're existing. >> Yeah. Is that really how you feel that you're you're not living your life? >> So, this is the wonder drug. >> It's no wonder that now the 18-year-old with some trepidation has decided to go back on the weight loss injections. This time it's not as epic, but we go. >> How simple is it? >> It's pretty simple. >> Then you just take it out. When you open the lid, you put the needle on here >> and then you put it to your skin and press. We count to 10 just to make sure that it's all in there and then recap and just put it back away for the week. >> Addie and mom Beck don't know how long she'll take the drug this time around. They also don't know what the effects of long-term use could be, but they don't really mind. >> I think what's more important to me is her happiness and her health in other respects. Are you comfortable not really knowing the effect it's having on your body other than the obvious positive? >> Well, from being on it, I feel like the only change it's giving me is a positive side. Like I know when I was on it, I was happy and I was motivated and really there was no negative side about it. It's just something that becomes part of your life. There's so many medications for so many things. Like Addie, Colorado team Sophie is prepared to take a Zenic or similar medications for as long as she feels she needs it to be happily thin. >> Does any part of that worry you that you you don't know fully what it's doing to your body? >> Truthfully, I don't. I have so much trust in medicine and my doctors around me and I do believe that there is so much power in the research that they have done in the research that they still are doing. We don't have decades worth of data on these medications. We We just don't in humans. How do you think that you need help? >> Dr. Melanie Cree recruited Sophie into a trial she was conducting about the use of the simaglletide range of drugs on teens. >> She's all for them considering the transformations she's witnessed. But she's surprisingly candid about how much still needs to be learned. >> And insulin makes us hungry. We have to treat each patient as an individual. And so each patient has their own risk benefit ratio. Do we put them on it until they're 20, 21, they're now older, more confident in themselves? Do we look at weaning them off because we don't know the long-term effects. These are the answers that we need. >> So Donna, what am I watching here? So this is the basic DEXA scan that we use to measure muscle and bone density. >> One concern for people using the drugs is muscle loss. >> It's something University of Queensland exercise physiologist Donna Mcook has already seen frequently in long-term use in adults, especially when they neglect diet and exercise. Well, Don, I think when people hear that kids and teenagers are being prescribed drugs like a Zmpy, there's going to be some pretty strong reactions. What was yours? >> Uh, there's a lot of questions that are right to be asked for teenagers that are going to be put on any medications and making sure it's done as right as you possibly can is going to be important. >> So, here we've got the the color graphic which is giving us an indication of fatty tissue. Donna is planning her own trial on the effects of simaglletide using X-rays to spot muscle changes. If they go off the drug, what could happen? >> And that's the challenge where likely if they regain body weight, it's more likely to be fatty tissue than it will be replacing any muscle or bone, any of the lean mass that they've lost. If someone loses 20 kilos overall of body fat or body weight, probably about 5 kilos of that may well be muscle. So, where does that leave people down the track? >> It may seem minor, but it's one of the few possible long-term impacts currently being researched. The uncertainty that brings isn't lost on young Addie, even though she knows the drugs are her best shot at happiness. I'm 37. I wouldn't love the idea of being on a drug for life from this point. Addie, you're 18 and effectively going back on it, you're probably looking at staying on it. >> For life or a really long time. >> Are you comfortable with that? >> No. Because when I when I got off it the first time, I believed that that was that and I'm going to be fixed. And then they just all started off again. >> Are we creating a generation of guinea pigs? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, you think about it. All medications are like this, right? Is it okay for a couple years, especially when we're younger and especially if we're having mental health difficulties? I would say yes. >> It's a brain disease and it's a body disease. It's not a willpower disease. >> There's not an expert in the world who knows what, if at all, the long-term consequences might be. Not even Dr. Aaron Kelly. He's conducted the largest study to date on the use of weight loss drugs in teens. He's tracked 200 of them, but so far only for just over a year. Well, when we talk about pediatric obesity, um we have to be thinking obviously about treatment. We have many kids that are already struggling with their weight and we need to come up with treatments that are safe and effective. All medicines have side effects and uncertainties. We just know that. >> Dr. Kelly says the proven side effects like nausea and vomiting are mostly tolerable. And for the three and four people the drug works for, the health improvements, he believes outweigh the unknown. So is that what families and doctors are going to have to decide effectively what's riskier, going on it or not going on these drugs? >> Exactly. But one thing that we are certain about and the evidence is clear about untreated obesity, unchecked obesity does not portend well for later uh lifelong outcomes of other health problems. >> Absolutely beautiful. >> They are pretty. >> Not that aspic kids like Addie and Sophie needed to hear that. They're adamant their happiness, not just their weight, is compelling enough, and they reckon any argument otherwise, is pretty thin. Do you still feel like it's worth the risk? >> I want to be able to go out and not feel embarrassed to wear things and to be to be myself without feeling like a fool. You want them to be happy and healthy and happy to go out with their friends. It breaks your heart. It really truly does. >> Truthfully, the best thing I can say is being able to identify who I was as a person is something that I wouldn't have been able to do as easily without this medication and transformation in my life. >> Hello, I'm Adam Hegy. Thanks for watching 60 Minutes Australia. Subscribe to our channel now for brand new stories and exclusive clips every week. And don't miss out on our extra minute segments and full episodes of 60 Minutes on now.com.au Are you and the night now