- Safety concerns over the misuse of Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en all right moving on a zenpick is a diabetes and obesity drug that people have been abusing for fast weight loss I'm sure you've all heard about it or no heard about a celebrity who's been on it or even a friend the misuse of this drug is causing a global shortage for those who need it for medical purposes and the FDA in the United States is whining of side effects from people using similar drugs with the same active ingredients when nutritionists say there are healthier and safer ways to lose weight rather than weekly injections that can also cause nausea and vomiting and joining me now is nutritionist and researcher Dr Flavia Fayette Moore Flavia thank you so much for your time today so how dangerous are drugs like zampika and others similar to it for people who don't need it for medical reason like diabetes or serious obesity so sure any drug comes with a side effects so if you're taking it for diabetes or if you're taking it for weight loss like you mentioned any gut symptoms constipation vomiting nausea are more common but then there's less common side effects that you can get which include increased risk of thyroid cancer inflammation of the pancreas gallbladder kidney problems and so it's important to remember that the drug is a Band-Aid to help you with something so help you manage the diabetes or perhaps get you started on the weight loss Journey but the it doesn't have positive effects like food does so if you change your behavior and change your diet within days or within hours you get the mental health benefits you sleep better and you just feel better and that will be a long-term effect that you don't have to then worry about all those negative side effects of taking a drug it can help of course you know especially people that need it but remembering that it's just a bandage and as soon as you remove it if you're not addressing the core issue if it's just for weight loss for example then it means that you'll have to live with a consequence of then when you stop it everything will come back to where you are before you put it on yeah is that concerned that people are misusing this and so it's leading to This Global shortage so that people who do need it for diabetes reasons actually can't get their hands on it well I guess it's a conversation for the patients to have with the doctor and decide you know what is this the right drug for you so it's really important to make a decision under medical supervision it's not a decision to take lightly because there are quite negative side effects that can happen although they're less common yeah all right look I want to ask you about some new research that we saw published in the city Morning Herald this week it shows that baby food pouches in Australia are overwhelmingly high in sugar and low in nutritional value this is quite alarming this is a review of 276 squeeze baby pouches from 15 different manufacturers the study was done by the Western Sydney University and they found only two of the products two had an adequate level of nutrients and this is according to the infant feed leading guidelines look this is very worrying for parents seeing as a lot of these products are marketed as organic and you know you think they are healthy when you're feeding them to your baby or toddler yeah so the key thing is to just read the label and look for 100 fruit in any of those products because often you have those added sugars which infants don't need so up at least until 12 months of age they don't need the extra added sugar in their diet infants already have a preference for sweet Foods yeah we've actually got to train them to like bitter taste so you actually want to give them a banana instead give them a good carrot or maybe some broccoli to naan while they're doing that they're getting the benefits of holding that food then using their tongue which helps with their speech and then you're setting them up for life to actually like bitter Foods because we're not unfortunately born with the preference for those bitter tastes we're actually born for sweet and by giving that every day to your infant then you're just perpetuating that preference and good luck getting them to eat their veggies to eat veggies exactly every parent's voice nightmare now you've written a great piece for the Sky News website so people can check that out skynews.com.eu where you talk about your frustration with your children your child's School your daughter is six years old and that and the canteen and also fundraisers at her school often give children or sell sugary products also high in preservatives and that teachers then expect the kids to behave well and sit still in class why are schools still selling such unhealthy products it's a huge concern Sherry I was absolutely shocked that at my child's school she had daily access to lamingtons and sugary muffins and frozen lemonade her first slush puppy was at school so what's the issue with that it's because at school we're creating children's food beliefs we're normalizing those Foods as every day imagine if teachers wore their swimsuit or bikinis to school children would grow up thinking that that's normal and that's what we're teaching them by having the fun razors the school contain all having foods that aren't nourishing their education because we know that food affects mood it affects their memory their cognition their behavior and it's also setting themselves up for life so then we don't want them in a situation where they are looking for weight loss drugs yeah for quick fixes exactly let's just get to the root cause and ensure everyone's creating a food environment that will help you know their education all right Dr Flavia Fayette Mo thank you very much for your insights tonight thanks for having me

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShapeShifter-m9s [4 likes]: How about running a Story on Why 1 in 7 Primary School Children have High Blood Pressure. 💉👈
  2. @george217: For me, as someone who takes it because of diabetes, I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the reason that you lose weight is because you feel so nauseated after taking it that you don't feel like eating anything for the first 2-3 days after each injection.
  3. @Grande.Johnson: A year ago my diabetes specialist wanted to prescribe me this but due to shortages he didn’t
  4. @fronttowardenemy9994: Bring on the BMI passports. Aussies love a passport.
  5. @adrianjohn.: Sharri,
Empty promises an words are mostly delivered by empty shells 🐚

- The Many Lies About The Ozempic Weight Loss Craze: Kind: captions Language: en - Odds are if you've been on TikTok or Twitter as of late, you've seen this new drug, Ozempic, be mentioned. I've actually seen Elon Musk tweet about it. It's been covered in the New York Times. It's literally everywhere. So it's about time that we talk about the truth when it comes to Ozempic. For those who don't know, Ozempic is a medication that's been FDA approved to be used in patients who have diabetes to help control blood sugar and as an added effect, decrease the likelihood of major cardiovascular events and have increases in weight loss. Because of this added effect of weight loss, many people started using the medication off-label for just weight loss. The pharmaceutical company decided to take the same generic medication found within Ozempic called semaglutide, increase its dosage and repackage it under a different brand name called Wegovy and seek FDA approval as a weight loss medication to be used in conjunction with lifestyle changes for individuals who are either obese or overweight but also, who have one weight-related diagnosis like hypertension, high cholesterol, et cetera. And after so many people started getting Ozempic prescribed for this off-label use for weight loss, it exploded in popularity mostly on television and on TikTok, with people claiming that they've lost huge amounts of weight, talking about their successes. And as a result of all this publicity, there was literally a run to doctors to prescribe this medication for them off-label in order to help them with their weight loss which unfortunately, ended up creating a shortage which puts people at risk who desperately need the medication because they have a true diagnosis of diabetes and are not using it for off-label uses. There is a huge rise of misinformation happening at this very moment that we have to fact check. (upbeat music) This claim is patently untrue and anyone saying this has a terrible understanding of how Ozempic, semaglutide, actually works. This medicine actually works as an appetite suppressant that slows or delays gastric emptying, therefore you feel full and you have less of an appetite. So it's more of an appetite modulator, leading you to consume less calories, therefore losing weight, not, "Oh, I can eat 10 pizzas and take this medication and not absorb the calories." You see how there's a very important difference here, because if you eat a lot of food and take this medication that slows your gastric emptying, it's gonna make you feel worse and you're gonna have more side effects, more nausea, more vomiting, more potential diarrhea and constipation. People are actually talking about these side effects who are eating their normal portions or even eating reduced portions. So imagine if you were to overeat, thinking you can while taking this medication, that's a cause for concern. This claim is starting to spiral out of control because it initially started with some simple observations that doctors made of their patients who were losing weight on Ozempic or Wegovy and they were seeing that those patients were losing body fat but they were also losing lean muscle mass. This is not surprising, because the way these medications work is by suppressing appetite, therefore having the patient consume less calories. Anytime you're gonna be consuming less calories, you will both lose muscle mass and body fat. This is obviously not ideal but with this type of medication, that control is limited but we do have control. Any good doctor should not be just prescribing this medication and forgetting about the patient. A, you're supposed to be getting the medication and having the doses slowly increase, based on the effects and side effects that we're seeing. Also, it should come with a plan for nutrition, possibly meeting with a nutritionist who can help guide you as to how much protein you should be taking in despite the fact that you're consuming less calories and a plan for exercise that includes resistance and weight training to help keep on some of that lean muscle mass. This is the one where I'm seeing the most examples of on TikTok. Someone saying, "Oh, I took Ozempic for a wedding and I lost 10 pounds. Look how great I look." This is not what the medicine was intended for. In fact, people who are already of a healthy weight, looking to get skinnier were not the ones that were studied when we were checking the safety and effectiveness of this medication. So maybe, taking it while you're already at a healthy weight can lead to worse side effects. And the worst part of all of it, once you stop taking it, the weight will come right back. This type of yo-yo dieting has been associated with numerous health risks, including returning to your normal weight and then going past it and gaining even more weight after you stop a medication like this. Anytime you have a rapid type of weight loss, what can happen is you lose the subcutaneous fat that's present in your skin, especially if you're in your thirties or forties, and as a result, you can develop this hollowed-out appearance to your face. Now, if you're taking Ozempic or Wegovy the correct way, this shouldn't be happening. My suspicion is the people who are experiencing this quote-unquote, "Ozempic face," or this hollowed-out look are individuals who are rushing to lose weight, using it in a way that is not being prescribed to them. Because when doctors prescribe these medicines, they do it with a titration mindset, meaning they start low and they slowly increase your dose while monitoring how much weight you're losing, how many side effects you're experiencing. Ideally, what doctors are looking for is for a continued one to two pound weight loss per week. Obviously, that varies depending on your own individual situation, but certainly not the 10, 15 pounds in one week that people are claiming they've lost on these medications when they're using them in a non-prescribed, uncontrolled way. I don't think GLP-1 medications should be first-line treatments for those who need to lose weight. Anytime you're prescribing a medication, there needs to be a risk/benefit ratio done for the individual sitting in front of you and ultimately, the individual needs to decide if the medication is right for them. And while these medications have shown promise for individuals to lose 10 to 20% of their weight if they are overweight or obese, it's still important to factor in that there are legitimate risks to taking these medications. There are side effects. People have GI issues, nausea, vomiting diarrhea, constipation, pancreatitis, kidney issues. There is a potential issue of increases in thyroid cancer long-term with these medications. And these are not reasons to not take the medicine. These are reasons to think about this medicine as a tool in our arsenal, to help patients reach their desired weight. And when we talk about their desired weight, that talks about a healthy weight. To me, I feel like this whole conversation has caused us to lose sight of the big picture. With the exception of an individual who's facing harsh socioeconomic standing, someone who has a legitimate medical condition like diabetes or a thyroid condition among the many others that cause increased weight, weight loss or weight gain is under our control. There are things that we can do and I could recommend as a doctor to help someone lose weight when it comes to a nutrition standpoint, a fitness standpoint, sleep, mental health, et cetera. When I think about my patient's health, I don't just think about their weight. Weight is not the sole determinant of one's health. And when it comes to improving someone's lifestyle, we're not only lowering the weight, we're also improving their quality of life, decreasing risks of certain cancers, other diseases and ultimately, extending and prolonging their lives. That's what being a doctor is about, not just focusing on the scale. I actually had a patient whose doctors said all of their symptoms were due to their weight and I actually found, that wasn't the case at all. Click here to check that out and as always, stay happy and healthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ParvezAhmadAhmad-e9u [2 likes]: GOMITROX IS CONSISTENT IN A PEPTIDE MARKET WHERE CONSISTENCY IS BASICALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND
  2. @ItsMeTheTorp [1 likes]: Wouldn’t it be funny if I called my insulin pen ozempic????? Like whaaaat why would I do that riggghhhtttt? 😅
  3. @StreamMotionX [1 likes]: THANK YOU for sharing this kind of information! It's very very helpfull!!
  4. @ghdrum [1 likes]: By the way, I lost 20kg in around 6 months by going low carb, high protein and going to the gym 5 times per week. The correct way to loose weight. And I STILL got a skinny face. There's not much you can do to mitigate against it. It happens to the majority of people who loose weight.
  5. @mike-ef7yq [1 likes]: They make people fat/sick with all the poison they put in food/water/clothes,
Then they sell you the poison/cure,
(Them make billions in doing this)

They also programme people in schools/colleges,

They create the problem and then give the solution,

Just like c o v i d,
They create it then they pump poison into people/the jab,

This doctor is also part of the cult,
Hes been trained to be,
Make the money at the cost of the people,

The devil presents himself as a angel of light also,
The package looks good and smells good,
But on the inside its pure evil,

But dont fear as every body will be judged on judgment day,
All the money in the world wont save you then,
All the nice houses and nice cars wont save anyone
  6. @mhrgames: This comment is being made roughly 3 years after this video. It has been shown by experts that drugs like Ozempic and Mounjarno don't help those with emotional eating problems caused by trauma and abuse. It merely reduces your appetite cues based on things like a high food drive. Food drive is largely genetically determined but can be upped over the years by eating loads of ultra processed foods. So for those individuals these drugs have been a pancea. For individuals with eating disorders such a anoxerixa and bulmia it has been far less effective.
  7. @puffycheetoh: I've been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes a year ago.  I'm also overweight and have cardiovascular issues.  I was prescribed ozempic and for a year I've been in a fight with the insurance and doctors office and still haven't been able to get any medication approved by the insurance.  We tried to get jaurdiance approved too with the same issues.  So I just chill with diabetes now and see what's gonna happen.
  8. @alvaradoac21: Then what is the answer to lose weight if you can’t control your eating/appetite/health?
  9. @Centuryami: Majority of people all they need to do is watch the quantity and the quality of food to eat simple as that nothing more nothing less don’t eat fat food even water don’t drink too much water drinking enough water exercise regularly. Why is it so hard we’ve become such a lazy society and then on top of that we also got those damn protein shakes stop with this nonsense of those protein shakes. Eat natural food. How hard is it to eat natural food you know the more natural food we eat a lot the least they’re gonna make those damn drugs that are useless that we don’t need.
  10. @joshuaflowers1677: I appreciate the video and how you offered needed push back. I feel like all ive seen is a constant string of people rushing everyone they know with a lil chub to be taking this. Everyone talks about how it should be a talk with their doctor while ignoring the reality it is being used as an aesthetic drug.
  11. @mrs.w8193: I wonder how the people who posted on here in the comments 3 years ago are NOw doing with their weight maintenance journey. Did you all keep your weight loss off until now? How are you all doing? 3 years plus weight loss off?
  12. @Mokkashe: I really think your commercials are terrible. 
The guy eating the popcorn while the warnings of all the possibly deadly interactions..
This is no joking matter, all you big pharma companies really don’t care about us do you??
It’s greed and money vs harming people ..
Every problem out there doesn’t require a pill..
You will be accountable for this!
  13. @Helicon-bithi: the media coverage of Ozempic has been so frustratingly one-sided, either pure hype or pure panic, and almost none of it explains how the medication actually works mechanically. the GLP-1 receptor agonist piece, slowing gastric emptying, reducing glucagon, the brain signaling that quiets food noise... that context is what people actually need to make an informed decision.

been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 8 months and the thing nobody told me upfront was that the "miracle drug" framing sets people up to under-prepare for the mental work that still has to happen alongside it. the medication handles the biological noise. the habits are still yours to build.
  14. @Twinkletoes60: I have been made to feel less than because of my weight by family and my doctor and his rude nurse.  I got so depressed and gave in to using Semaglutide compounded.  My doctor barely discussed any side effects, diet or anything.  I researched on my own.  I have lost weight after having been on it 2 months but I feel poisoned.  I’m sick every day. Everything is blah.  I have to make myself eat and drink.  Food is the enemy.   I’ve been thinking of stopping due to these reasons and yet still feel like I’m less than.  A failure.  Mile I can absolutely tell I’ve lost weight not one person other than my husband has noticed.  I’ve not announced I’m taking it.  I’m ashamed I gave in actually.  He’s one person that accepts me as I am. The person that is over weight knows they are over weight.  Do you think we don’t know?!  This is taking me back to my days as a teenager starving myself with an eating disorder.
  15. @scorpio23_rising8: Fat people are always looking for an EASY way to lose weight. The side effects are NOT worth it. Do the work. You spent YEARS getting fat, spend the same time LOSING the weight. Your HEALTH is what matters.
  16. @mimig.4788: Question... What do you (Dr. Mike), and y'all think or know about someone who is "morbidly obese" and has non-diabetic (my A1C is just fine) hypoglycemia taking one of these meds? Cause I have a neighbor on Mounjaro and it really suppresses her appetite and I can imagine that my blood sugar would drop lower and more often on one of these medications. Is, or how much is, it dangerous for someone who is/has non-diabetic hypoglycemia, or do you/y'all think/know it can be totally safe as long as one checks their levels often and/or tries to eat more good snacks and/or smaller meals more often throughout the day and/or just keep a lookout/pay attention to when, what and/or when/how often one eats and drinks throughout the day?
  17. @XolaniGwala-g4j: GOMITROX IS THE ONLY PEPTIDE SUPPLIER I HAVE EVER REORDERED FROM WITHOUT HESITATION
  18. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: I do not bother checking other peptide sources anymore, Gomitrox has everything I need at the quality I need
  19. @muhammadmohsinkhan7977: i work at a cardiology unit and have seen three patients in the past year with left ventricular hypertrophy consistent with anabolic steroid use, all of them had sourced testosterone and nandrolone from sites like gomitrox with no prescription and no cardiovascular screening
  20. @PawanSharma-nn6oz: I RAN A FULL GOMITROX CUTTING CYCLE AND THE HARDNESS AND VASCULARITY AT WEEK TWELVE WERE BETTER THAN ANYTHING I ACHIEVED ON PREVIOUS UNVERIFIED SOURCES

- FDA updates Ozempic warning label: Kind: captions Language: en LABEL FOR WEIGHT LOSS. ADDING A POSSIBLE NEW COMPLICATION. FOR MILLIONS OF AMERICANS, THE RISE OF WEIGHT LOSS AND DIABETES DRUGS, INCLUDING OZEMPIC FEELS LIKE SOMETHING OF A MIRACLE. >> I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER. >> Reporter: THEIR USE HAS GONE UP 300%. AND WITH THE BLOCKBUSTER SUCCESS OF THESE DRUGS COMES NEW WARNINGS. THE FDA ACKNOWLEDGES REPORTS OF FAILURE OF THE INTESTINES TO MOVE NORMALLY. NOVO NORDIS SAYS IT STANDS BEHIND THE SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF OZEMPIC ADDING THE COMPANY IS WORKING CLOSELY WITH THE FDA TO MONITOR THE SAFETY PROFILE. SHARON OSBORNE RECENTLY SHARED WITH PIERCE MORGAN. >> YOU FEEL NAUSEOUS. YOU DON'T THROW UP PHYSICALLY, BUT YOU HAVE GOT THAT FEELING. AND I WAS ABOUT TWO, THREE WEEKS WHERE I FELT NAUSEOUS THE WHOLE TIME. YOU GET VERY THIRSTY. AND YOU DON'T WANT TO EAT. >> OSBORNE SAID SHE LOST MORE WEIGHT THAN SHE EXPECTED. >> I LOST 42 POUNDS NOW, AND IT'S JUST ENOUGH. >> OH RA WIN FRI SAYS SHE DOESN'T BELIEVE THE DRUGS ARE JUST FOR HER. >> SHOULDN'T WE JUST ACCEPTING OF WHATEVER BODY YOU CHOOSE TO BE IN. WHEN I FIRST STARTED HEARING ABOUT THE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS, AND I THOUGHT, I'VE GOT TO DO THIS ON MY OWN. I'VE GOT TO DO THIS ON MY OWN BECAUSE IF I TAKE THE DRUG, THAT'S THE EASY WAY OUT. >> INSPIRED BY DRAMATIC BEFORE AND AFTER PICS ON SOCIAL MEDIA, MANY PEOPLE HAVE UNREALISTIC EXPECTATIONS OF HOW FAST THEY SHOULD BE LOSING WEIGHT. >> I SEE TOO MANY PEOPLE THAT WANT TO START AT HIGHER DOSES. IT IS BEST TO START SLOW AND LOW. >> DOCTORS SAY HEALTHY WEIGHT LOSS SHOULD COME FROM A COMBINATION OF NUTRITION AND

  Top Comments:
  1. @Myers70 [8 likes]: Who in there right FREAKING MIND trust the FDA anymore
  2. @lolarivers9285 [4 likes]: It made me feel sick all the time. It should be more flexible with the dose and not rush you to increase before you are ready. 
I was sick all the time. 
It messed up my system in the way it normally runs.
  3. @tristinathompson6145 [3 likes]: I’m on it now and I only had nausea and threw up twice during the first two weeks other than that I haven’t had any really bad side affects
  4. @sassypatty8578 [3 likes]: When you stop taking these shots , you will put on your weight  back .
  5. @janetmarcum9030 [3 likes]: Ileus! Yikes! 😳
Nutrition and exercise, yes. Then how you are is how you are. Just Be Healthy! 😃
  6. @αγάπημου-η4ζ [2 likes]: We are supposed to have diverse bodies. People ideolize the teenage body without realizing it.
  7. @dougbixler7577 [1 likes]: I'm on Wegovy and LOVE the results! Down about 1-1.5 lbs per week for the past 6 months. Slow and steady. Side effects are stronger some weeks than others, but even the nausea is doable. The side effects listed for semiglutides are either constipation or diarrhea so spin the wheel and take your chance. I had constipation for the first couple months but everything has smoothed out and normalized.
  8. @pkingsora: You will feel nauseous because it slows down the digestion in your stomach.  If you are eating something that is heavy then you will feel gross. Because it slows down the digestion of your stomach, it also slows down what's going on in the intestine. It helps to stay hydrated and have a nice balance of fiber. Or take a walk once a day to keep yourself moving. Maintaining a healthy diet is also key To reducing those side effects.  I would recommend avoiding a lot of cheese as well Your gall bladder and pancreas are working overtime
  9. @paumiller74: I've tried it. It seems like i must be eating thru the medicine. Not on purpose. I have to be not aware of my food. Initially good results. Then it seemed like my body got used to it
  10. @geob8172: FDA are Medical Criminals.

- Anesthesia concerns for those on weight loss drugs Wegovy & Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en Well, if you're using one of those popular weight loss slash diabetes drugs would go V auras epic. There is an important warning when it comes to your facts. Medical teams Beth Galvin , She joins us Live to talk about this this morning, Beth. Good morning. We know we're not supposed to eat or drink surgery. We hear that all the time. Because of the risk of aspiration. Explain what that is exactly. So aspiration is when you breathe in into your lungs fluid, or, you know food particles from your digestive tract. That can be an issue when you're under anesthesia, or have that ability to sort of cough and clear your throat and so food can sort of get back up and you can inject you can, you know breathe in that and it can get into the lines that happens. We see aspiration happen. It's pretty rare. Maybe about once every two or 3000 surgical cases , but it can be severe. When it happens. It can cause pneumonia . It can cause injury to the lungs. So it is something that anesthesiologist insurgents are very aware of, and that's why they want you to, you know, stop eating several hours stopped drinking water and fluid several hours before you have an operation. Okay so that they can learn is that the medication may raise that risk. Then when you're under anesthesia, So what is the guidance for anyone right now? On what gov. Euros M pick considering surgery? Do they stop taking the Blagov Euroskeptic? So the issue seems to be that, um you know, because it slows down the digestive process that food tends to stay these medications. The food tends to stay in your stomach for longer. It takes you longer to digest and so anecdotally anesthesiologists are seeing evidence of people who follow all the directions that the surgeon says. You know, they stop eating the day before, but they still have food content and their aspirating that it hasn't happened very often. But again, the risk is very serious there so Um You know what? They're recommending that this is the American Society of Anesthesiologists came out with recommendations in the end of June and said, Look, if you're on a daily medication of will go, Vera Xem pick stop the day before your medication. Don't take it the day of your surgery . Rather if you're on a weekly injectable, Don't you know? Stop the week before you have surgery to give your your stomach a little bit more time to start to speed up the digestion again. And Canadian anesthesiology group came out and said No, we're seeing cases of people who have, you know, taking a break and they for a week and they still have food in their you Wait three weeks. You stopped your medication. The injections of what? Gobi Three weeks before you're due to have a surgery Three weeks is a while. Is there any risk to stopping the medications for that long period of time? There is risk. I mean, if you're taking the medications for type two diabetes, there's a risk. You know that that might get out of balance. If you're taking it for weight loss, there is a risk that you know you could regain some of the weight that you have So I think, uh, what? What's really important here is to talk to your doctor. Talk to your surgeon about Hey, I am on this medication. You know, what can we do to minimize any risk that I might have, if I do need to be sedated or if I do need to go on For general anesthesia. Okay. Beth Galvin with our Fox medical team, thanks as always important

- The Problems with Ozempic [What the Research Shows...]: Kind: captions Language: en if you're considering taking a zympic or vagovi for weight loss and or to improve the control of your type 2 diabetes then I really encourage you to watch this video to the complete end because I'm going to do something that many doctors don't do for you one of the many jobs of a doctor is to explain to you the benefits of a new medication but also the risks of a new medication the potential side effects or the potential unintended consequences of taking a medication many doctors are busy they don't have time to do this so I'm going to go over the potential problems with ozympic with Govi and the other gop1 agonists with regards to taking them for weight loss and what you need to understand and know before you decide to fill that prescription and begin to take this medication regularly for the rest of your life I'm Dr Ken Berry a family physician and this video is going to help you a lot if you're considering taking your zympic for the rest of your life now ozympic is a glp-1 Agonist this is a class of medications there are several drugs in this drug class most of them are used at much lower dosages than the recent FDA approval for the new higher dose of Olympic in wagovi I think the first gop-1 Agonist would gained FDA approval around 2005 but it was in a microgram dose that was injected daily instead of a milligram dose that's that was injected weekly so there's a little bit of difference there the the one of the main problems I'm worried is going to be the the higher dose of ozympic that you have to inject in order to get the weekly schedule now one of the main problems I have with ozympic and Other Drugs in this class is that the underlying assumption is is that you're just a glutton that you cannot change your ways you cannot say no you cannot turn from your wicked ways and I think that this is a very often subtle unspoken unconscious message but it is the message nonetheless uh it it basically paints your hunger as the enemy as a bad thing and I want you to understand very clearly that your hunger is an evolutionarily conserved mechanism is very important it is vital it is a good thing it is your friend in the right food environment and so the other underlying assumption is is that this is a genetic condition the food you're eating doesn't matter it's not the food it's you there's something wrong with you and so so many people are going to start ozympic or wigovi and think well I'll just do this for the rest of my life and but of course I'm just going to keep eating the foods I've always eaten because the lady on television said that obesity it's genetic it has nothing to do with my food there's no such thing as a bad food and so when I do rarely get hungry while injecting ozympic I can eat whatever I want it's fine because and I've got verification of that because I'm losing weight and also when I check my hemoglobin A1c it's lower so therefore I must be getting healthier taking this medication therefore it must all be genetic has nothing to do with the food I'm eating because I'm eating the same thing I always ate just in for lower amounts so the next thing you must understand is that you're going to have to in order to continue to have the benefits of weight loss and improved A1C you're going to have to inject Olympic for the rest of your life and so people you know we all think well the the future's going to be Rosy right what happens if you lose your job lose your insurance lose your life savings what happens if some unfortune Financial catastrophe happens to you you no longer have that money to give to the pharmacy every month what's going to happen you're now at risk of gaining all of that weight back plus 10 10 pounds more we're seeing in early research coming out studying glp-1 agonists that it these medications although they make your fat cell shrink they also probably increased the absolute number of fat cells in your body so you're you're winding up with smaller fat cells but more fat cells and so when you do hit that Financial speed bump and you're unable to afford Olympic anymore you've got maybe twice as many fat cells now that you can now fill up and that's why I think we see when people stop ozympic in many cases they gain back all the way plus more they don't just gain back a few pounds like someone who's when keto lost 100 pounds went off the diet gained back 20. that's not going to happen when you stop taking ozympic you're going to gain it all back plus 10 or 20 more another thing we're already getting reports back in from Health Care Providers prescribing ozympic is that because people continue to just eat their standard American diet which is very often deficient in proteins fatty acids vitamins and minerals there is a inordinate amount of muscle laws that goes along with the weight loss now keep in mind if you're overweight you don't want to lose muscle you just want to lose the fat but if you're eating a high carb low protein low-fat diet and you're eating much less food than you ate previously you're going to lose a lot of muscle and indeed we're starting to see this feedback from Healthcare Providers whose patients have not changed their diet they've just started injecting ozympic and they have lots of lean tissue loss so not only muscle loss but also connective tissue loss and so the connective tissue in your face is what prevents you from having a zympic face and so if you're not eating if you're not prioritizing your protein and you're not eating plenty of that and cutting down the carbohydrates then you're going to lose a ton of muscle and a ton of connective tissue that holds your body together and makes it appear younger the next thing that you need to understand is that there is no long-term safety data on these new higher dosages of the gop-1 agonists so rosemptic and Moldova are they are at much higher doses than the initial FDA approvals for other glp-1 agonists very much higher and that's why you can get away with injecting them once a week instead of once or twice every day this is probably going to be a problem for many people and many people don't know that did you know that you're you're thinking about taking a zippy did you know that they're the drug company that got FDA approval for this they have no long-term data proving that uh that long-term use of ozympic is safe in human beings none in fact if you start taking Olympic since it was just FDA approved at this new higher dose in 2022 you're going to be the experiment this is called Market data post-market data and so they they get if they approval they put it out in the market people start using it and then Healthcare Providers all over the country are supposed to be looking for negative outcomes negative side effects negative problems and the health care providers supposed to report that to the database which very often as I said in the beginning doctors are busy they don't have time to tell you about all the possible side effects of a drug much less if you come in saying hey I think this Olympic caused this that or the other are they going to take the time to log in and report that to the database probably not and so there is no proof of long-term safety safety at this new higher dosage for ozympic and the other glp-1 agonists now let's talk about the glp-1 receptor because these are gop1 receptor agonists which means they activate that receptor now we know everybody knows most doctors know that there are glp-1 receptors in your brain and in your pancreas in the beta cells of your pancreas and so this makes ozympic a insulin secret which means that it's going to make you secrete more insulin that's how it's going to keep your blood sugar down and that but that's not how it helps you lose weight so that sounds like a good thing and indeed we look at your hemoglobin A1c and you're like oh yeah it's better so therefore I must be healthier we also know that there are glp-1 receptors in the central nervous system in the hypothalamus the brain stem and the cortex and perhaps perhaps other places in the brain as well now these brain gop-1 receptors are the ones that basically turn off your natural normal um ancestrally appropriate hunger they're they just tell you you're not hungry in fact many people who are injecting a zipic say that just the idea of eating repulses them causes them to have mild nausea just to think about eating or to smell food that's not natural that's not ancestrally appropriate that could turn out to be a long-term problem with regards to creating new eating disorders and perhaps other things as well now is that the only two places that we find glp-1 receptors in the human body no no it's not there are multiple tissues multiple organs that have gop1 receptors many of which we probably haven't even discovered yet but we do know that they are in the gastrointestinal tract uh they're in various cells the interoendocrine cells the gastro parietal cells smooth muscle cells now again we think that may be how we're having some of the the the delayed gastric emptying and other things that tend to slow down your absorption of food that sounds like a good thing but what's the long-term ramifications of mucking around with these glp-1 receptors there are also glp-1 receptors in the heart in your heart muscle so what is ozympic doing to your heart long term no one knows any Doctor Who says that they know that it's safe for long-term Health in the heart in your heart is absolutely full of crap uh also we know there are GOP one receptors in your kidneys in the nephrons why are they there what are they supposed to do what happens when you start injecting what is equivalent to a mega dose of ozympic once a week what's that going to do to your long-term kidney function your kidneys are in charge of monitoring and adjusting your blood pressure and many many other things in your body you know those things going to be affected long term the truth of the matter is literally no human on the planet knows what is going to happen to all these tissues that have gop-1 receptors that you start injecting this Mega dose of maglotide once a week no one knows but we'll find out because you my friend are the Lab Rats we will watch you and we'll see what turns up now I'll just read from you one of the papers about the gop1 receptor in the kidney although renal glp-1 receptors have been identified their exact localization and physiological role are incompletely understood did your doctor tell you that there are also a couple of studies out showing that the risk and the rate of small bowel obstructions goes up on a glp-1 Agonist uh remember I said there's glp-1 receptors in the gut all through the gut from from top to bottom and I've got a couple of studies Linked In the show notes below about the small bowel obstruction risk there is a black box warning about thyroid cancer that appears in that handout that you didn't read that came with eurozymic this has really only been shown to happen in in lab rats in animals I don't think we have any examples of this happening in humans yet but the FDA considered it so important that they demanded they required that the drug manufacturer put that in a black box warning there are also glp-1 receptors in your enteric nervous system what do they do what's the long-term risks of mucking with them once a week for the rest of your life there are also GOP one receptors in your immune system that sounds pretty important what do they do no one knows there are also glp-1 receptors in your lungs what do they do I wonder what happens if you inject a mega dose of a glp-1 Agonist once a week for decades what's that going to do to your lung function literally no one knows a wise old doctor once told me to never be the first doctor or the last doctor to prescribe a medication and so the wisdom of that is hold off let some other people experiment with it because that's exactly what they're doing because there's no long-term safety data and so when it comes to patients I think that his advice is also applicable to you you might want to hold off on ozympic for a year or two and let your friends all try it and see how they do and then if they seem to be doing fine two three four five years from now then maybe it's safe to try what would I recommend a patient if they came to me and said hey look I I'm not going to do keto I'm not going to do carnivore okay I just want this Olympic shot prescribe this for me so I can lose some weight because being obese or severely obese is a risk factor for many many causes of death and disease and that's absolutely true I would tell that patient everything I just told you and I would also counsel them thoroughly on a proper human diet say look if you're eating too many carbs okay you're eating too much highly processed highly inflammatory sugar-filled grain filled vegetable oil field crap stop that okay and if the patient might even bargain with me and say look I'm gonna do keto I'm going to eat a proper human diet but I would like to take a zipic for three months four months six months kind of as a as a head start a turbo charge to get the weight loss going in that scenario I wouldn't be entirely opposed to a short course of ozympic with the understanding that there's no long-term safety data that taking this for years and years won't really mess you up just like other FDA approved drugs that we've seen come back after a few years on the market with million dollar and billion dollar lawsuits because they killed a bunch of people a la viox so yeah I'm not opposed to ozympic or rigovi or the other glp-1 agonists I just want you to be fully informed before you decide to do that and also I want you to absolutely understand that the foods you eat and the junk that you avoid absolutely matters even if you're taking ozympic if you're eating you know when you eat on Olympic when you finally muster up the courage and overcome the revulsion of food and eat if you're eating a high carb diet highly processed food drinking lots of fruit juice you're still going to be glycating your tissues and your organs and your cells we know for a fact that fructose from fruit juice and from high fructose corn syrup does not show up as glycation that can be measured by the hemoglobin A1c and so very often people thinking that fruit juice and fruit smoothies are healthy that will be the only thing they ingest while injecting Olympic so they're going to be getting not nearly enough protein way too much fructose and other sugars they're going to be glycating and mucking up and and destroying all the cells and tissues in their body leading to premature cell death premature cell dysfunction and they're going to have no idea because when they check their hemoglobin A1c it's going to be better so if you were to hear this video read the package insert talk to some friends do some online searching and decide you know what I'm gonna wait a few months or a few years I'm gonna let some other people be the Lab Rats I don't want to be a lab rat and then if all seems to be going well with them in six months six years some length of time in the future then I might give it a try but in the meantime I am going to adopt a proper human diet and I'm going to eat that way Faithfully every day so that I know I can be improving my health to somewhat in some small degree losing fat into at least some small degree until such time as I'm able to actually determine is injecting ozymbic weekly healthy or is it not hope this video helps this is Dr Barry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @yc5141 [7 likes]: People always want shortcuts in life.
  2. @Ragnag [2 likes]: This video was two years ago. What are your thoughts on these medications now? Specifically mounjaro
  3. @drpatferrydc3853 [1 likes]: YOU CAN LEED THAT HORSE TO WATER BUT YA CAN'T MAKE THEM DRINK, EVERYBODY TODAY WANTS THE EASY WAY THE MAGIC PILL TO CURE ALL THEIR MALADIES! BIG FOOD KILLING YOU WITH GARBAGE FOOD AND BIG PHARMA RAKING IN THE BIG DOLLARS TRYING TO CURE THE DISEASES BIG FOOD GAVE YOU,WHAT A REVOLVING DOOR RACKET!
  4. @billclifford3553 [1 likes]: I began the Ozempic journey recently. I am a late stage, diabetic blood sugar 300 blood pressure through the roof beginning of retinopathy neuropathy, heart disease, kidney disease, etc. doctor convinced me to go on Ozempic, which I believe saved my life. My weight has dropped from 185 to 169. Blood pressure feels normal. I have yet to verify that blood sugar is normal. I feel great. I’m convinced that the doctor saved my life. I did try the ketogenic diet for several months. I found it to be effective. I did not have the self-discipline to continue on and was often falling off the ketogenic wagon to the detriment of my health. Now I have a goal to reach a bodyweight approaching what I had in my youth: 150 pounds to 160 pounds my body fat is low now I know from experience the ketogenic diet does work. It requires self discipline. My strategy will be to continue on Ozempic until I approach my target weight and then focus more on weight training to build up muscle that was lost due to being on Ozempic but overall I feel like this drug save my life as I am a type two diabetic I will continue to be on Ozempic probably a monthly dosage for the rest of my life. I really enjoyed the ketogenic diet. I just did not have the self-discipline to stay on it now I am currently eating a low carb diet very little refined carbs, no sugar and it seems to be working. I found a great deal of educational information on how to eat when on Ozempic that I wish my doctor had told me about. I welcome all of you to read up before you start Ozempic specifically from an MD because there’s a lot of misinformation online. Thanks Dr. Kenberry and I have to thank my doctor as well hope this helps you guys it’s been a journey for me.
  5. @geraldclemens1682 [1 likes]: He has a other video with kelly Hogan saying that glp1 is ok in the low dose to jump start weight loss. Key is if you are in doing concepts of keto or carnivore.
  6. @oh_k8: Bro is red like a tomato
  7. @502gurl: 1. Obesity IS genetic (that's why certain people can never reach 400 lbs no matter how much they try) 
2. You cant eat whatever you want on ozempic it will worsen the already horrible side effects
3. What goes up must come down. When you stop the drug - and you will at some point you will regain everything +extra (rules of starvation caused by dieting thru ozempic) back plus you will have damaged organs and muscle loss, damaged metabolism and other problems you don't yet know about. 
Bottom line embrace your true weight. If God made you genetically obese then try to make healthier choices, exercise if you like to and how you like to and stop obsessing over your appearance and food and focus on your health.
  8. @eliselarson9966: Is it synthetic back two years like today, April 2026??
  9. @seanstevens4925: NOT TRUE YOURE FOC , DO NOT BELIEVE THIS GUY!
  10. @ensignj3242: I would love to take drugs to lose weight.  So much easier than doing it the right way.  But my health is more important than my looks. I’m about 30 # over weight . I’m a 72 yr old healthy female and I’d like to stay healthy.
  11. @Chippathingy: My doctor wants me on Ozempic, but I'm very hesitant.  Been Type 2 for over 12 years and 100lbs overweight.  Wants me on it for at least 3 months.  Gonna see if it makes an improvement or nothing changes.  3 years after making this video, has any issue(s) with your thoughts on the drug changed?
  12. @ginatrail3: Thank you for the information, I appreciate your courage in going against almost everyone else on this.  People usually instintictively know when something is too good to be true and they avoid it.  It's very sad that desperation to see numbers on the scale go down causes them to ignore this instinct.  And that warnings are clearly labeled and easy to research but ,  because of our food and the seed oils, losing weight has never been possible for them so they still happily take the dangerous drug .  Easy to see why weight loss has been unattainable, we just eat what's available and how the government tells us based on AHA guidelines, food pyramid etc.  And everyone gets fatter and sicker.  Grateful for Dr's. like you and Dr. Cate Shanahan for all of the research into the truth and for sharing it with us.
  13. @fastchase: While I'm not sure about Ozempic from a safety standpoint,  much of this video is false,  perhaps because it's 2 years old. For example,  Oz doesn't increase the number of fat cells in your body, its the opposite- adipogenesis.
  14. @DawnStyleArt: I have cut out carbs. Done keto for years. Intermittent fasting, carnivore diet. The only time I had a healthy weight was on my ADHD medication. I went off because of the long term side effects .

My nurse practitioner who is finally offering me some help said that I DONT have to be on GLP1 for the rest of my life. And based on my bloodwork, and inflammation (I have a bad knee failed arthroplasty) that I was unlikely to be able to lose weight without helps 

she told me- it WAS NOT MY FAULT. I have tried everything and followed you for years Dr. Berry. This is the first person who said it wasn’t all on ME. And as I said being on Carnivore is a lot of work. I tried. 

You can irate on GLP1’s slowly an when you work out you can maintain your muscle. You can also titrate off. 

Why aren’t you saying these things?
  15. @dinajose7co: 🧡🧡🧡 Can't thank you enough, doc!!
  16. @ted_talks: I'm on my 3rd injection of Ozempic and now I feel very tired and general malaise. Also bright green stool.
  17. @Maddy37946: I agree with everything you said and yet if a morbidly obsess person who could be at imminent risk of a heart attack it could save their life, everyone has to weigh up the risk of each side of the coin depending on their situation, which I’m also doing and it’s very confusing to navigate
  18. @geraldclemens1682: 3-6 month time only.
  19. @sharleenparrino2297: I hate that it makes one lose muscle?😮
  20. @wichoflores9922: I just got open heart surgery got copd and cirrhosis of liver . I’m going to roll the dice

- Wegovy to be covered by Medicare for heart disease patients | Morning in America: Kind: captions Language: en INSURANCE COMPANIES HAVE AGREED TO START PAYING FOR THE COST AND WEIGHT LOSS. DRUGS LIKE WEGOVY. THIS IS A HUGE MILESTONE FOR MANY AMERICANS PROFILE DRUG COVERED ONLY CERTAIN PATIENTS WITH HEART RELATED CONDITIONS AND MEDICARE WILL BE ABLE TO GET RID GOALIE, MOSTLY PAID FOR. JOINING US TO DISCUSS WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW IS NEW YORK CITY. WAIT, SPECIALIST DOCTOR SOOD EQUATE DOCTOR QUITE AS WELCOME TO THE SHOW. NICE TO HAVE SO MEDICARE WILL COVER THE POPULAR WEIGHT-LOSS DRUG WILL GO THE FOR SOME ONE OF THE QUALIFICATIONS. PATIENTS NEED TO GET THIS MEDICATION COVERED. WELL, THEY'RE DEFINITELY COVERED OF THEIR TYPE 2 COVERING IT 3 PRETTY DIABETES. AND THAT'S WHEN SOMEBODY IS HEMOGLOBIN. A ONE C IS EDGING UP AND NOW IT'S COVERED FOR HEART DISEASE. AND THIS IS AT IT IN JANUARY GEE, THIS REALLY HELPS HEART PATIENTS AND KIND OF SHUFFLED THROUGH TO GET THE APPROVAL. AND THAT'S WHY MEDICARE IS COVERING IT. AND WHAT I FIND WEIGHT-LOSS SPECIALIST IS HOW THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS ARE HELPING PEOPLE AND THEIR GENERAL HEALTH. WHAT WORKS AND HEART DISEASE AND 2 WAYS IT HELPS LOWER RISKS BY LOWERING CHOLESTEROL. BLOOD PRESSURE AND ALSO WAIT, OF COURSE, BUT IT ALSO HELPS INCREASE THE AMOUNT OF BLOOD THAT THE HEART CAN PUMP. AND THERE'S LESS INFLAMMATION IN THE HEART AS WELL. MEAN, THEY'RE 2 VERY INFLAMMATORY FACTORS THAT CAN BE MEASURED IN THE BLOOD THAT GO DOWN IN PATIENTS WITH HEART DISEASE. SO IT'S VERY EXCITING. IT IS EXCITING IT SO INTERESTING. SO IF PATIENTS REALIZED, HEY, I FIT ALL THE SYMPTOMS. I HAVE ALL THE SYMPTOMS THAT YOU JUST MENTIONED, DOCTOR, WHERE YOU GOING TO HAVE TO GET A PRETTY AUTHORIZATION FOR YOU, AND THAT IS NOT EASY. OKAY. IT'S A LOT OF WORK WITH THE DOCTOR. THE OTHER ISSUE, TOO, IS SHORTAGES IN THESE MEDICATIONS. NOW WE'RE TALKING AND WE'LL GO V AND ALSO SHORTAGES JARO, WHICH IS THE OTHER THAN NEWER. I WAS AT AND APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. SO THERE ARE SHORTAGES OF ALL THESE MEDICATIONS. SO THE PROBLEM FOR A PATIENT AS THE PATIENT IS GOING ON THIS FOR AND THEN THEY CAN'T GET THE DRUG SHORTAGES. WHAT IS THE PATIENT SO THIS IS SOMETHING THAT'S VERY PRACTICAL AND PATIENTS THAT ARE GETTING GETTING IT COVERED THROUGH PRIVATE INSURANCE. A LOT OF WILL JUST STOP COVERING IT. THAT'S A GOOD POINT. DON'T WALK A DOCUMENTION. WILL MEDICARE PATIENTS NEED TO ENSURE COVERAGE? WELL, THAT'S ALL THE POSITIONS ISSUE SO THAT THIS ISSUE HAS TO DOCUMENT THAT THAT REALLY IS HEART FAILURE, THAT THEY'VE TRIED A LOT OF OTHER DRUGS, ETC. NOW, IN MY PRACTICE, I TREAT USUALLY A LOT YOUNGER GROUP OF PATIENTS. AND MY FOCUS IS REALLY IN NEW YORK CITY IS ON PREVENTING ALL THESE FROM HAPPENING. SO A LOT OF PATIENTS THAT EVEN AREN'T COVERED ARE GOING TO WANT TO TO REDUCE THE RISKS. THEY WANT TO LOSE WEIGHT AND PERHAPS THEY'RE NEVER GOING TO GET DIABETES AND HEART DISEASE. SO PREVENTION REALLY HAS TO BE LOOKED AT. IT'S GREAT THAT THESE DRUGS ARE USED TO TREAT DISEASES. BUT LET'S LOOK AT THE MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WHO COULD BENEFIT FROM TAKING THESE DRUGS EARLIER ON TO GET THEIR WAY ARE THERE OTHER CONDITIONS THAT CAN ALSO GET COVERAGE FOR THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS THAT ARE TO YOUR POINT, HIGHLY COVETED. IT'S BEING OVERWEIGHT WITH ONE UNDERLYING CONDITION LIKE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE, HIGH CHOLESTEROL. MEDICARE IS NOW COVERING THAT FOR PRE-DIABETES. SO THOSE ARE THE HEART DISEASE. BUT A LOT OF MY PATIENTS FIND AFTER THEY'VE LOST WAY. THEY WANT TO STAY, LET'S SAY ON A LOWER DOSE OF WATERS AT THE BECAUSE THEY FEEL THAT THEY GET BETTER MENTAL ACUITY AND MANY OF THESE PATIENTS HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET AS AN ACT ON OTHER FUNCTIONING DAY-TO-DAY. FEEL THAT THEIR EXECUTIVE FUNCTION IS BETTER, THAT IT UNTIL YEAH, IT'S FASCINATING. YOU KNOW, THE WAY THAT THESE DRUGS ETHIC WILL GO ISAAK AS IF THEY REALLY HELP REGULATE INSULIN. NOW INSULIN IS A HORMONE IS PRODUCED IN BUT IT WORKS THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE BODY AND WARM-UP. SO PEOPLE REALLY HAVE VERY POSITIVE EFFECTS THROUGHOUT THE BODY, BUT IT HAS TO BE USED PROPERLY. IF PATIENTS AREN'T BEING PARTICULARLY WORRIED ABOUT ELDERLY BIG NEWS, A LOT OF MUSCLE IF THEY'RE NOT DRINKING A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF WATER. THANK YOU FOR ANSWERING THIS BECAUSE THERE'S SO MANY QUESTIONS REVOLVE INVOLVING THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS,

  Top Comments:
  1. @TC-uk2sg [5 likes]: They’ll pay for this Gila monster poision but not my thyroid med because “it’s not on their list”?
  2. @gliderrider [4 likes]: Those companies have had years to “ramp up” production. They keep the supply low to keep the prices high due to demand.
  3. @FlameBlue9016 [1 likes]: Good luck getting it…
You can’t find it anywhere it’s on a national back order and has been for several months…..
  4. @DCGreenZone [1 likes]: But not PQQ, CoQ10, Black Seed Oil, Special Pro Resolving Mediators, Nattokinase or anything else that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
  5. @RayHowle-jb1bi [1 likes]: What are the side effects
  6. @gennadiygoc9778 [1 likes]: 💌🤝
  7. @rustygrunert5316: Seriously WEGOVY that name is a worry straight up.
  8. @TheEasyDoc: TLDR: Medicare will now cover the cost of weight loss drug Wegovy for heart disease patients, in addition to those with type 2 diabetes, in order to improve heart health and overall well-being.

00:00 💊 Medicare will now cover the cost of weight loss drugs like Wegovy for patients with heart-related conditions.
00:37 👍 Wegovy will now be covered by Medicare for heart disease patients, in addition to those with type 2 diabetes.
01:02 👩‍⚕ Wegovy helps heart disease patients by lowering cholesterol, blood pressure, and inflammation, and increasing the heart's pumping ability.
01:35 😷 Patients with symptoms of heart disease may need to get pre-authorization from their doctor for coverage of Wegovy by Medicare.
01:49 📺 Wegovy and Jardiance are facing shortages, causing problems for patients who rely on them for weight loss and heart disease treatment.
02:25 📺 Medicare will cover Wegovy for heart disease patients who have tried other drugs and have documented heart failure.
02:50 📺 Medicare will cover Wegovy for heart disease patients and it's important to focus on prevention and early use for weight loss drugs.
03:23 👩‍⚕ Medicare now covers Wegovy for heart disease patients with pre-diabetes, leading to positive effects on mental acuity and daily functioning.
  9. @Cwgrlup: This is alot of bullshit. I want the government to pay for MY diet drugs so I don’t have to exercise anymore.
  10. @JS-vi7vx: Many ppl will get sick, i used Ozempic, and i have to run to the ER last year...OMG, another way to kill ....

- Supply Issues Plague High-Demand Drug Wegovy, Leaving Many Unable To Access It: Kind: captions Language: en people across the country are having trouble getting the weight loss drug we go V because it's apparently so popular now wegovi is actually made by the same company that makes ozympic ozympic a drug that doctors prescribe to diabetic patients to help manage their blood sugar levels the manufacturer started making a weight loss version called wegovi after a significant number of patients reported weight loss but it was so popular there was a shortage last year the makers of wigovi had to stop shipping just to get caught up now some Oklahoma doctors are telling us the company behind the drug promised it wouldn't happen again but they look to be in the same problem unfortunately we're seeing it again and so um it's something where you know I think as they get caught back up in um in trying to anticipate what kind of demand there is going to be hopefully we will get that back under control doctors say if people who want to take we go V can't get the initial doses right now the doctor and patient can at least start the weight loss journey through lifestyle modifications

- Ozempic and Wegovy users warned of drugs causing issues during surgery: Kind: captions Language: en LIKELY WOULD'VE LED TO A MAJOR DERAILMENT. A RAIL WORKER IN SARATOGA COUNTY IS THE ISSUE DURING A ROUTINE SAFETY INSPECTION BACK IN JUNE. THE FBI IS NOW OFFERING A REWARD FOR ANYONE WITH INFORMATION. THE RAIL LINE ITSELF, BY THE WAY, OFFERS SCENIC TOURS AND KIDS. TONIGHT, DOCTORS ARE RAISING CONCERNS ABOUT TAKING A POPULAR WEIGHT-LOSS DRUG IN THE WEEK BEFORE SURGERY. OZEMPIC AND SIMILAR MEDICATIONS CAUSE YOUR STOMACH TO ACTUALLY EMPTY SLOWER. LOCAL DOCTORS SAY THAT CAN BE A BIG ISSUE UNDER ANESTHESIA. Reporter: POPULAR WEIGHT-LOSS DRUGS LIKE OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY ARE FLYING OFF THE USE THESE MEDICATIONS, DOCTORS ARE WARNING ABOUT THE RISK FOR THOSE WHO NEED SURGERY. IS A VERY DANGEROUS POSSIBLE COMPLICATION. Reporter: PULMONARY ASPIRATION CAN BE DEADLY. OZEMPIC AND DRUGS LIKE AT WORK BY SLOWING DIGESTION. FOR THE DAY OF SURGERY, THEY INTERFERE WITH THE EMPTYING OF THE STOMACH SO IT PUTS PATIENTS AT RISK OF HAVING FOOD OR GASTRIC SECRETIONS INHALED DURING THE PERIOD WHEN THEY FALL ASLEEP. Reporter: MASS GENERAL ANESTHESIOLOGIST HOPE BY WAS ONE OF THE FIRST DOCTORS IN THE NATION TO REPORT A COMPLICATION LIKE THIS HERE IN BOSTON. AS FOOD WENT INTO HIS LUNGS AND WE NEEDED TO PUT IN A BREATHING TUBE AND TAKEN TO THE INTENSIVE CARE UNIT AND HE STAYED THERE OVERNIGHT, SO HE DID WELL IN THE END BUT IT WAS A VERY SCARY MOMENT. Reporter: IT WAS LIKELY LINKED TO THE USE OF OZEMPIC, PROMPTING A WARNING TO OTHER DOCTORS AND THEIR PATIENTS. THE RISK IS THAT SOMEONE DEVELOPS PNEUMONIA FROM THAT AND IT CAN BE SEVERE. Reporter: THE AMERICAN SOCIETY OF ANESTHESIOLOGISTS HAVE ISSUED GUIDANCE ON THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. WE HOLD THESE DRUGS FOR ONE WEEK BEFORE HAVING SURGERY. I THINK THEY DON'T GO FAR ENOUGH. I THINK IT NEEDS TO BE HELD FOR THREE WEEKS. NOT CRITICIZING OZEMPIC. THEY ARE SIMPLY ASKING PATIENTS BE OPEN AND HONEST ABOUT ITS USE AS MORE DATA ON THE DRUG IS COLLECTED. THIS IS A WONDERFUL DRUG. IT'S A GREAT DEVELOPMENT, A GREAT ACHIEVEMENT FOR THE MEDICAL SCIENCE THAT IT TREATS OBESITY. IT HAS CERTAIN SIDE

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ij-jan [1 likes]: That was a very important message
  2. @NewYork-hi6zd: Wonderful drugs !?!?!

- Wisconsin doctors issue weight loss drug warning: Kind: captions Language: en RIGHT NOW. DOCTORS SOUNDING THE ALARM ON TWO POPULAR WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. DOCTORS SAY THIS SUMMER REPORTED SEEING SOME CASES OF STOMACH PARALYSIS IN PATIENTS TAKING OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY. BOTH DRUGS SAW A SPIKE IN POPULARITY THIS YEAR AS WEIGHT LOSS TREATMENTS FOR PEOPLE WITHOUT DIABETES. DOCTOR DAWN BELT DAVIS IS THE DIRECTOR OF THE UW MADISON COMPREHENSIVE BY DIABETES CENTER. THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME THIS AFTERNOON. CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHAT THESE DRUGS ARE? SURE. THESE DRUGS ARE BOTH DESIGNED TO TREAT DIABETES AND OBESITY. THEY ESSENTIALLY MIMIC A HORMONE OUR BODY MAKES ANYWAY AND HELP OUR BODY USE GLUCOSE OR SUGARS MORE EFFECTIVELY AND PROMOTE WEIGHT LOSS. HOW DANGEROUS IS IT FOR PEOPLE TO TAKE THESE DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS? WELL, THESE DRUGS ARE APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. SO SO IN PATIENTS WHO HAVE THE MEDICAL INDICATIONS TO USE THESE DRUGS TO HELP PROMOTE WEIGHT LOSS. MEDICALLY BENEFICIAL WEIGHT LOSS, THEY CAN BE VERY SAFE AND EFFECTIVE. BUT WE DON’T RECOMMEND PATIENTS TAKING THEM WITHOUT A PRESCRIPTION AND WITHOUT THE ADVICE OF THEIR PHYSICIAN. AND THESE DRUGS ARE ALSO PEOPLE FOR TYPE TWO DIABETES. WHAT KIND OF SHORTAGES ARE YOU SEEING RIGHT NOW? THERE ARE SOME HUGE SHORTAGES THAT HAVE BEEN AFFECTING US FOR SEVERAL MONTHS OR EVEN YEARS NOW. BOTH OF THESE DRUGS ARE ACTUALLY THE SAME DRUG. THEY’RE JUST DIFFERENT FORMULATIONS. ONE OZEMPIC IS FOR DIABETES AND WEGOVY IS FOR WEIGHT LOSS. AND YES, PATIENTS ARE NOT ABLE TO GET THESE ON A CONSISTENT BASIS. SO OFTEN THEY HAVE TO STOP TAKING IT FOR A FEW MONTHS AND, YOU KNOW, THESE SHORTAGES ARE DRIVEN BY MANY FACTORS, BUT AT LEAST ONE OF THEM COULD BE THE USE OF THESE DRUGS MORE FOR OFF LABEL WEIGHT LOSS. THEY’VE BEEN VERY POPULAR IN SOCIAL MEDIA, AND THAT’S CAUSED A LOT OF PATIENTS TO START USING THEM AND ASKING FOR THEM WHEN THEY MAY NOT HAVE A CLEAR MEDICAL INDICATION. YOU SAID THE SHORTAGES ARE CAUSING SOME PEOPLE TO GO WITHOUT. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN FOR THEIR HEALTH? YEAH, IT CAN CAUSE THEM TO REGAIN WEIGHT IF THEY’RE USING IT FOR WEIGHT LOSS, IT CAN CAUSE THEIR DIABETES TO BE IN A WORSE CONTROL, WHICH CAN CERTAINLY CAUSE LONG TERM COMPLICATIONS AND PROBLEMS. AND SOMETIMES THEY HAVE TO SWITCH TO OTHER MEDICATION IN THE MEANTIME, WHICH CAN BE CHALLENGING AND HAVE OTHER SIDE EFFECTS AS WELL. AND WHAT WOULD BE YOUR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE FOR SOMEONE WHO IS TAKING THESE DRUGS OR CONSIDERING TAKING THEM? WELL, I THINK YOU KNOW, THESE, AGAIN, ARE VERY EFFECTIVE DRUGS AND THEY CAN BE VERY SAFE WHEN THEY’RE PRESCRIBED IN THE RIGHT SITUATION. SO IF A PATIENT IS ALREADY ON THIS DRUG OR IS INTERESTED IN TRYING THE DRUG, THEY SHOULD TALK TO THEIR PHYSICIAN AND JUST BE AWARE THAT THERE ARE SOME CONCERNS ABOUT SHORTAGES THAT CAN HAPPEN AND THEY MAY NEED TO HAVE A BACKUP PLAN IF THEY’RE NOT ABLE TO CONTINUE TAKING IT BECAUSE THEIR PHARMACY DOESN’T HAVE IT IN STOCK. ALL RIGHT, DOCTOR DAVIS, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR TIME TH

- FDA Approves Oral Wegovy Pill Ending Weight Loss Injections | WION Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the WON podcast where we explore fascinating stories and ideas from various fields. In this episode, we explain a major health update that could change weight loss treatment forever. The FDA has approved a once daily oral weight loss pill, meaning no injections. So, how does this new WGOV pill work and who could benefit from it? The US Food and Drug Administration or FDA on December 22nd approved the first daily pill version of Novo Nordisk's popular weight loss drug wave revolutionizing the way to treat obesity. The move has also given the drug maker an edge over its rival Eli Liy whose oral drug or forgip is still under review. The GLP1 drug uses the same active ingredient semiglutide that powers and its sister drug ompic which is used for diabetes. Both wgov and ompic are widely used as injections. The drug mimics a natural hormone that controls appetite and feelings of fullness. While the FDA had already approved a pill to be used for treating diabetes, the approval of the weight loss drug will allow doctors to prescribe the pill to patients with obesity or those who are overweight with at least one weight related coorbidity such as a heart condition. The company said with today's approval of the WGY pill, patients will have a convenient once daily pill that can help them lose as much weight as the original WG injection. Mike Dowstar, president and CEO of Novo Nordisk said in a statement, "According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 40% of American adults have a prevalence of obesity. The new development was lorded by the US Obesity Care Advocacy Network, a nonprofit advocacy group for adults with obesity. This development represents an important opportunity for people living with obesity, offering an alternative for those hesitant to begin injectable therapy and providing a potentially lowerc cost option, the group said in a statement to AFP. According to Novo Nordisk, the WGV pills are expected to be available within weeks. The availability of oral pills could also expand the market for weight loss treatments and reduce costs, CBS reported, citing experts. During a clinical trial, the oral wgoy resulted in a weight loss of 13.6% of the total body weight of participants in about 15 months, which is nearly the same as injectable WGI with an average weight loss of about 15%. Thanks for tuning into this incredible story. If this episode resonated with you, don't forget to hit the like and subscribe button for more captivating stories to come. Stay tuned.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenyamontijo4212 [2 likes]: DO NOT BE FOOLED THEY ARE PUTTING THINGS IN YOUR FOOD TO MAKE YOU FAT AND ALL FOR THEIR OWN PROFITS!!!
WAKEUP AND STAY WOKE!!!
🙏🙏🙏

- Step-by-Step Guide to Obtaining Insurance Coverage for GLP-1 Medications like Zepbound and Wegovy: Kind: captions Language: en it doesn't matter how great a treatment is if you can't afford it you're not going to get it and we see this all the time right now with the glp1 meds so I'm going to talk to you about some stepbystep approaches you can take to determine whether you have insurance coverage and then once you do what you can do to increase your chances of getting it so the first thing is is you have to know whether or not your insurance covers these medications now there's a bunch of different ways that you can do it first in our our our electronic medical record software does have some very limited functionality where it can connect to a database and pull some of this data a lot of people think well I can pull every single last thing I can't I get very very basic information but sometimes I can take an educated guess about whether a medication is covered or not there's other ways that you can figure this out though a lot of people will have apps through their insurance company with the with the formulary on it and you can go on those apps and look up your medications we GOI and Zep bound important to know the difference between the diabetic versions which are almost always covered and the weight loss versions if you don't have diabetes in 2024 it's really hard to get the not the diabetes medicines so you can look through the apps for the weight loss versions for we GOI and Zep bound unless you have diabetes in which case you can look at the OIC and the monjaro um the diabetes version and then the other thing you do is call your insurance company on our website we actually have a tool that will guide you through that conversation and so it tells you what questions to ask and at the end it'll send you an email with a nice digest of what the what the criteria are and what your chances are and what your best medications that you can have that's a really helpful tool yeah so so your best weapon is to know your policy so just it being covered is not enough there's something called prior authorization prior authorization means that we have to submit forms to your insurance company and then it's reviewed by somebody who determines whether they're going to pay for it or not and prior authorization has a strict set of rules you must be over a certain BMI you must have tried this medication first knowing these rules is the key to obtaining insurance coverage because you want to make sure that you address all of those things in the prior authorization again people think the doctor's office has the ability to look all those up oh let me just pop on and log in and get all that information if you can get it it's often wrong honestly the only way that we have found to reliably get that information is to submit a prior authorization have it denied and with the denial will come the criteria that are required for that and it's this kind of redundant process where we apply get denied figure out what we need to do do it and then reapply and get it approved so if you can come to your doctor's office with that information you're going to have a much better chance of getting approved what you can also do is ask for a copy of your medical policy and that will specify exactly what those criteria are the more research you do the better position you'll be in you should know what your hemoglobin A1c is that's the most common blood value we use to measure diabetes and if you know what your hemoglobin A1c is if you may be in a position to get the diabetes version of these medications you also should have a list of the other medications you've tried for obesity have you tried fent turmine or cmia or or zenal or any other medications in the past and what did you tolerate them or not also very important a lot of patients will say but don't they doesn't the insurance company understand how much this would help me and how I much I need this medication yeah they do they just don't care that's really important to understand it's a harsh reality but I have had hundreds of conversations with with Physicians with nurses who work for insurance companies and they do not care about you you must approach this like a lawyer not a patient know what your contract says be able to prove and defend it and then put the prior authorization together put forth the argument that supports the medical policy andless you look at it that way your chances of getting approved are very small

  Top Comments:
  1. @LO-gp3bv [7 likes]: Thank you.  I was just denied Zepbound after being on that drug for 8 months approved with a prior authorization but needed a new prior and Highmark changed the qualifications post haste. So trying to appeal. It’s so frustrating that they can get away with putting patients and physicians through this.  A prescription should be enough.
  2. @GhostVanguard [4 likes]: What about if your insurance explicitly excludes all weight loss drugs?
  3. @DNPFranCDCES [2 likes]: Thank you for this video, doctor. As a nurse I support members decision to look for available resources (medications). Do you have a general guide of which insurances are more supportive of glp1 use? I work with obesity programs and as a soon to be NP, would love to have this access to information to educate my patients. Thank you for your advise 🙏🏼

- Health news: Insurance issues with weight loss drug like Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en as scientists weigh in on this mysterious symbol. That's all starting in about 15 minutes or so on the news edge, early edition at six. I'll see you there. So there's a new roadblock for people trying to get popular weight loss. Drugs Lycos epic, More and more employers have decided to cancel insurance coverage for these pricey injections, foxes, Sharon, Crowley explains. You start to feel full. The cravings injects herself with the popular weight loss. Drug will go V once obese, she now takes it to keep the pounds off. She's also had to weight loss surgeries. I was able to finally start doing what doctors have said to do for so long. It's like have smaller meals and then snack along the way. We'll go videos, M pick and other drugs prescribed for have recently become in high demand since they work so well for weight loss. Loss. The drugs are expensive, though without insurance. The injections can cost about $1200 a month. Prices that have employers and insurance companies paying attention summer even dropping coverage for the drugs from their plans. Dave Dillon is a healthcare actuary who specializes in health insurance and healthcare analysis is a very expensive drug. And you know, it's really only for you know, diabetes and you know, severe obesity and, you know Where the cost It really add up overweight, You know, maybe have a little double chin like me, maybe a little bit of a beer belly, and they want to lose the weight. Mike Thompson is the president and CEO of the National Alliance of Healthcare Purchaser Coalition is a group that represents employers. The issue of obesity medications is list. And more and more companies are looking at how to or if they will cover obesity medications sometime in the future. Generic versions of these weight loss drugs may become available until then. The cost without insurance is high as specially because doctors say them. Long term. Dr Ravi A. Delatour is with Langen Health Once you stop taking the medication, you are at risk for regaining that way, and so it's something that is meant to be taken. And for a long period of time, and for people who is really truly indicated for So that was Sharon Crowley reporting now a new study from USC finds that if Medicare and private insurance carriers covered weight loss drugs, it would save the country almost $1.5 trillion over the next 30 years. That's because people on

  Top Comments:
  1. @angelblue7779: awwww! Now they have to put the candy down and exercise
  2. @VernCrisler: The government  should save the money spent on Obamacare -- a joke insurance plan -- and get behind some of these drugs that actually work.

- This is what happens when you stop taking Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en ozempic it is literally the hottest drug in the country right now but what happens when you stop taking it ozempic is part of a class of medications called glp-1 Agonist and they are really important safe and effective for people with type 2 diabetes but about 10 years ago in the world of obesity medicine it was discovered as we do with a lot of medications that there is a side effect may be beneficial and we're talking about the side effect of weight loss fast forward one of these medications recently was FDA approved for specifically weight loss for people who are obese or overweight and of course like many medications they are also used off label specifically and exclusively and deliberately to affect weight loss these are usually injections they're given by the individual by the patients in the belly is the most common location once a week these medications are generally well tolerated but one of the ways in which they were work is by slowing the emptying of the stomach so one of the side effects not surprisingly can be GI nausea in some cases even vomiting of his diarrhea or bowel issues and in rare cases pancreatitis and inflammation of the pancreas and these drugs do carry a black box warning for a rare type of thyroid cancer so what happens if someone were to take one of these medications like ozempic lose some weight and then discontinue or stop taking the medication obviously it's variable it's not one size fits all and individual results and long-term results will tend to vary but in general we have to remember that the conditions of overweight and obesity are complex chronic disorders that have a multitude of factors leading to them behavior is one of them environment genetics even other medications that may be associated with weight gain are a big part of the picture so if you remove one of those variables in this case a medication that has been helpful in achieving weight loss it is possible if not likely that the person will regain some or all or even more of the weight that they've lost it depends on how much was was lost in the first place it depends on the person and their individual specific factors

  Top Comments:
  1. @gigilovesgod4749: Many Hollywood actors and actresses have overdone it; they're skeletal and aged. One who isn't an actress or singer, in fact, as far as I know, doesn't have a profession, she's just the daughter of a famous person Kelly Osbourne is unrecognizable, her mother Sharon said that they were taking Ozempic. Ariana Grande also overdid it with Ozempic and many others, how a Doctor prescribe Ozempic for already thin person? That is irresponsible.
  2. @romanfortner3248: Im type 2 but I don't take this. They tried to get me on it but I refused
  3. @Val-h7q9r: And Ozempic was initially created to help patients with diabetes.  This has always bothered me.
  4. @virginiashirley4139: I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole......
  5. @takivohalis301: Its not safe for you at all.
  6. @karenweger6314: I’ve only seen celebs looking weird. It’s a cover.
  7. @peggylaviolette8303: MMM, I am on insulin, how come i wasn't given them.
  8. @blazerocker1734: Video should have been more concise and been at least forty-five seconds shorter.
  9. @reells571: It is almost all BEHAVIOR.  When I graduated from high school in 1966 almost NO ONE was much overwieight, or obese.
  10. @johnsmith-ub7vr: She is like the weatherman, it may rain, but it may not.
  11. @CyrillaMosley: Diarrhea and vomiting causes happen I was on it for two weeks. I was dangerously sick. Never want to see ozempic again in my life.
  12. @HereIGooooo: Who cares what happens lol
  13. @robfisher9517: 30 seconds of information in just under 5 minutes
  14. @CathyHolzer-m7t: I am diabetic, didn't eat for a week , never again  😒
  15. @Alexa-w8d1i: The only thing that truly works is changing your eating habits. Diiets don't work in the long run and you gain it back a lot of the time once you stop dieting or when you stop the meds. And just lower the white carbs (anything made with white flour, sugar, potatoes).  In fact, if you drop the white carbs totally, the weight will fly off. Your body😅 uses those white carbs for energy first, then it starts using your fat storages. If you aren't consuming any white carbs it goes right to the fat storage. Let yourself have a cheat day once a week so you won't feel deprived if you're really feeling deprived but this was the only way I was finally able to take off 70 pounds that I carried for years.
  16. @FobbitOperator: Nopezempic!
  17. @RDub7831: This is an ad for ozempic.
  18. @kriscarlson4624: 2min39second video.....I got to almost 2min20seconds and still nothing about what happens after ozempic.  WHATEVER. No wonder I no longer watch msm.  YOU SAY NOTHING OF CONSEQUENCE
  19. @theteachingsofjosef: Another great approval from the FDA. Makes you wonder how much that payoff is, and to whom?
  20. @Kaye_Daws: Medications should never be a popular thing. It should be a nessessity that only people who need it receives and if you are not diabetic and you are trying to lose weight you should not be allowed to own or use ozempic. You will lose weight the right way by changing your diet and lifestyle

- How to Keep the Weight Off AFTER OZEMPIC (Avoid the Regain!): Kind: captions Language: en So, you've lost weight with Osmpeic, Mjaro, WGOI, or Zepbound. Maybe you're still taking it. Maybe you're even thinking about stopping. And now the question you're asking yourself is, how do I keep the weight off? Well, the truth is weight loss is only the first part of the journey, keeping it off. That's the part that really matters, and that's where most people struggle. Today, I'm going to walk you through a step-by-step strategy um I've developed over the years to maintain your results after GLP1s so you can avoid the frustrations of the dreaded regain. You can stay healthy and feel confident in your long-term plan. So, let's get into it. So, why does weight gain happen? Let's start with the truth. Weight regain after stopping a GLP1 agonist medication is very common, but it's not inevitable. Why does it happen? OMIC works by mimicking the hormone called glucose-like peptide 1 or GLP1 for short. And this hormone that comes from your small intestine when you eat helps suppress appetite. It regulates blood sugar and slows gastric emptying among many other things. And we're finding out things every single day. When you stop the medication, those effects go away. Suddenly, your hunger returns partly due to a rushing back of another hormone called ghrein. And I call him greedy grein. this guy right here. He causes your cravings to creep back in. And the key to success at this point will will rely heavily on how well you've done with your lifestyle changes during your lifestyle journey. And if you haven't built sustainable habits along the way, it will become very easy to slip back into your old patterns. For so many people, this isn't about willpower. It's about preparation. And that's why this video exists. The first key to maintaining weight loss is a mindset shift. Stop thinking of Ompic as the thing that that made you lose the weight. Start thinking of it as the thing that gave you time and space to build better habits. If you relied 100% on the medication itself and didn't use that window to change your nutrition, your movement, or your routines, it's going to be much harder when it's gone. But if you've used the medication as a bridge or a jump start or a tool, you're already ahead of the game. Now it's time to reinforce those foundations you built. Let's talk about the five things you absolutely need in place if you want to keep the weight off after stopping a GLP1. Habit number one, protein first nutrition. Even when you're off the medication, protein is your best friend. It helps control hunger, stabilizes your blood sugar, and preserve muscle mass, which supports your metabolism in the end. A good rule is to maintain or aim for 30 to 40 grams of protein per meal, especially breakfast and lunch. If you start your day with protein, you're less likely to overeat later on in the day. Protein isn't just about muscle, it's about appetite control. Habit number two, exercise and resistance training. This one's big, and not just big muscles. When you lose weight, you often lose a mix of fat and muscle. And if you don't build muscle back up, your metabolism begins to slow, and that makes regaining weight much easier. Strength training just two to three times a week can protect your results. Use weights, resistant bands, body weight, whatever works for you. And the goal is to maintain lean muscle mass so your body stays efficient at burning calories. Habit number three, daily movement you need to have built in. You don't need to do intense workouts every day, but daily movements is non-negotiable. Walking, biking, stretching, light cardio, these add up. Movement helps regulate insulin, improve mood, reduce cravings, and reinforce your healthy identity. Not to mention the stress component maint and helping you to uh break down and and keep stress under control. A good target is anywhere between 7,000 to 10,000 steps per day. Not because steps are magic, but because movement keeps your body in a fat burning, glucose stabilizing rhythm. Habit number four, balance meals with fiber and fat. Appetite control isn't just about protein. You also need fiber and healthy fats because together they slow digestion and promote fullness. Think about it like this. Vegetables with olive oil, lentils with avocado, berries, and almonds, just to name some of the healthy meals that you can take in. If your meals are mostly carbs, especially fat digesting ones, you're going to feel hungrier sooner. Every plate should be built with fullness in mind. Habit number five, consistency with your sleep and stress. These don't sound exciting, but they matter more than you think. Poor sleep and chronic stress raise cortisol, which increase hunger hormones and leads to emotional eating and disbalance of your metabolism. 7 to 8 hours of sleep, plus intentional stress management is not not nice to have. It's actually required for long-term success. You can try breath work or walks, journaling, faith practices, therapy, whatever works for you. Make it part of your plan. Now, a lot of people ask me, "Doc, when should I stop taking Ozic or any other GLP1 that they're on?" Here's what I tell them. Only stop when you've built at least two to three months of consistent sustainable habits without relying on the medication to control your appetite. If you're still skipping meals, not exercising, or emotionally eating, you're not ready yet. That's not judgment. That's just data. In my experience with you know over a couple hundred few hundred of these consults with these medications. Remember the medication helps you build momentum but your habits are what keep you moving forward. So ultimately it's when you are near or reach your goals and feel you are ready to take on the tasks of lifestyle modifications on your own without the help of the GLP1. So what happens if I regain the weight? Let's be honest. Weight fluctuations in life are normal. Life happens. You might regain a few pounds. That doesn't mean you failed. What matters is your ability to respond effectively. Don't panic. Many times, life happens and a big change causes a change in your routine, which then causes weight to start creeping back up. So, go back to the five pillars we just talked about. Check your sleep, recommmit to strength training, track your food, drink your water, get back to structure in your lifestyle. you don't need to go back on the medications necessarily unless your hunger becomes um completely unmanageable or you're trending upward consistently over several months, let's say. This is a long game. If you've put in the work, trust yourself and give yourself room and grace to course correct. Well, if you've made it this far, you truly care about your long-term health and are looking for solid information from a doctor who cares. That's why I created my free 14-day GLP1 boot camp for you. It's a step-by-step guide that covers everything we just talked about here and more. And if you're still on your journey and looking to get started with Ompic, WGO, or Zepound, or looking for a new source to get your prescriptions, I also run a prescription program where eligible patients can order medications directly from the manufacturer after a one-on-one GLP1 evaluation with me. Details for both are in the links below. Stay healthy, stay informed, and I will see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @randywiller7985 [42 likes]: I lost 80 pounds after a year on Zepbound. After stopping the medication 2 months ago I gained  4 pounds. My inches did not increase but my muscle mass and energy did. This is a daily effort. I refuse to go back to the way I was.
  2. @egyphon [9 likes]: I stopped after 4 months and kept losing weight over the past 3 months. Couldn't be happier. I went in knowing I would have to stop it ASAP because of cost. So I bought the thing, stuck it in the fridge for 3 months while I started my weight loss journey OFF GLP-1 and lost 10 KG just by changing my habits. The food noise was loud so I finally started taking the GLP-1 in my fridge and lost 13 KG more. Plus 2 KG while I've been off.
  3. @sleeplessinchicago9082 [5 likes]: Thank you for your positive outlook. Many views on post-GLP-1 meds sound apocalyptically doomed. We need to keep a positive point of view to succeed in anything.
  4. @nataliaramon13 [2 likes]: Nah how to deal with 5th one? 😭 I have Narcolepsy (sleep disease). So is there any faith for me?
  5. @GoodDrG [1 likes]: My FREE GLP-1 Bootcamp👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/freeglp1bootcamp
  6. @astridferrera8742 [1 likes]: I am stopping; did it for 3 months and lost about 22 lbs but I am so tired of being sick to my stomach, embarrassing bathroom visits, nausea, loss of joy in pretty much everything not just food and just feeling miserable.  Its weird but you would think that since I am losing I would be happy but I just feel sad; its literally taken all my joy.  I am still about 25 lbs from my goal weight and I am terrified of the regain but I am miserable now so I just need to stop.
  7. @StillSunshineAndSarcasm [1 likes]: Yessss!!! My doctor helped me change my habits and lifestyle, and the Zepbound really kick-started my brain to work differently. Thank you for this great video.
  8. @mandlin4602 [1 likes]: See this is why mounjaro was perfect for me, I already know how to eat healthy I just had a broken reward system and metabolic/hormone imbalence.

Its the movement habits I have to work on tbh the food is sorted.
  9. @joad47 [1 likes]: Is it possible to take low dose GLP-1 to aid in keeping the weight off?
  10. @ThatzMzMJ [1 likes]: Thank you I feel like this information is very transparent.
  11. @PTrep2727 [1 likes]: For me it seems Ozempic does nothing anymore. Will gradually go off but want to be smart about it. As I am in 🇨🇦, can't meet but my  doctor is. Good. Love your content. 💪💪
  12. @mysocaldigitallife [1 likes]: Great video! I’m on a micro dose glp1 lost 8 lbs in 2 months to help me get into better habits. I didn’t start off with too much to lose  but I had gained 15lbs in about 3 years from too much sugar not enough movement
  13. @macbrat [1 likes]: I am weaning off monjarou after 1.5 years and its been less than a month and ive gained 7 lbs already. I wasnt at ideal weight but unless i wanted to go up drastically in dosage, it wasnt working really. Of course i decided at Christmas time lol right after husbands bday then Thanksgiving then my bday LOL. I am worried though. Im not off of it but I am hungry and snacky ALL the time now. Id rather eat snacks than a meal but i actually want to cook now at least. :/ I lost 60 lbs by also quitting my job and making the gym my job, except now I hate it all, the classes and the machines and even doing classes at home! I was diagnosed diabetic and they said I could reverse it if I lost and kept my weight around 130. Im already back up to 137 from 129.
  14. @emilyeskine8045: I’m still on my weightloss journey but had to halt my semaglutide most of 2025 due to multiple surgeries. I managed to keep the weight off. I think I only took it a total of 3 months. 2 surgeries were planned including a back surgery where it took 3-6 months to recover fully, 3rd surgery was emergency gallbladder removal. I only started working out this year, strength training has benefited me the most
  15. @coreygrissett6901: Rattler
  16. @dandersohn: My thing is mostly high cortisol from extreme stress, lack of sleep because I have sleep apnea from being overweight so it’s a vicious circle for me. I do not eat a ton of food. I do not have a problem with over eating or eating too much or eating poorly.
My problem is I am so tired that I find it impossible to exercise and move. I am hoping that if I start this medication, it will support all of these things. I’m still on the fence but I need to do something because I’m 62 and I’m really concerned about my health.
I also want to add that I had all of my labs done and everything is perfect in regards to cholesterol, blood, pressure, blood, sugar, etc. Even my numbers for my liver, and my pancreas are good. I just need a little bit of encouragement.
  17. @greggmacjackson: So are you not supposed to slowly wing yourself off GLP one?
  18. @nataliaramon13: Will I have to count calories till the end of my life? 😭
  19. @whiskersredwood: Its probably analogous to a caffeine crash.
  20. @Bodybuilder-inTraining-kj7em: I am preparing for a tummy tuck. I supposed to stop Ozempic 2 weeks prior and restart Ozempic 1 to 2 weeks. I am mindful tracking my calories. Keeping it high protein. This should keep my weight at bay. I hope.

- How to Save Money on Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody and welcome to Jeff the pharmacist it is awesome to have you here so today I want to talk to you about was exempt how to save money on it was epic so this is not a sponsored video I'm just trying to help you save money which is something I love to do I love when people save money it makes me happy so today I want to talk about a simple scope a copay card so just a quick review on copay cards usually the way that they work is they're always going to be expensive brand-name drugs they have a max payout per period so usually it's like a max payout for 30 a max payout 460 MX payout for 90 days and there's usually there's a a minimum minimum amount that the patient has to pay and sometimes they work for people that have insurance and sometimes they they also will work for cash paying patients the O's mpix a savings card doesn't work for cash paying patients it only works for patients who have insurance and unfortunately because of something called the anti-kickback law patients on Medicare Part D as in David cannot use co-pay assistance cars at all which really sucks because or which really stinks because the Medicare Part D patients have this period where there's no coverage they have to pay out of pocket and copay cards would help significantly for for that period of time where the patient has no basically paying out of pocket until they reach a certain amount of money I think it's like four thousand dollars out of pocket until they get to that next level of coverage so these copay cards only work on people who are who have commercial insurance either they pay for it through an exchange or they have it through an employer so it could look so if you're like self-employed like if you're PewDiePie and you're and you're a youtuber and you have to pay out of pocket for your insurance you could use a Copic art the way those empik card works is you sign up on their website which I'll leave a link you have to answer some questions about you usually they're screening to see if you are have Medicare or TRICARE or one of the other federally sponsored programs so on people that are insured Xebec will pay a hundred and fifty dollars per 30 day supply so that's one hundred and fifty dollars for a 30 day supply three hundred dollars for a 60 day supply and four hundred fifty dollars for a 90 day supply so you know if you if your prescriptions like eighty three days maybe you can get your in your pharmacist to rerun it for ninety or something so you can get that additional savings on the card and the patient minimum pay is twenty five dollars for thirty days fifty dollars for 60 days and seventy-five dollars for 90 days and it's easiest to sign up on your laptop you could all or on your computer but you could also use your phone if you're at the pharmacy for pharmacists it's easier if we had these Kupa these copay cards ahead of time because sometimes we have processing issues and if we have you just waiting for us and you know won't go through it's frustrating for the farmer system for the patient who just wants to go home so if you can present that card early if you can't it's okay I mean if just you know it's just sometimes they don't go through right away they're hard to run sometimes if they put these codes in and all that nonsense but so the card is very easy to sign up for I'll leave a link in the description below for the for the where it is sign up for the copay card all the terms are there if you have Medicare don't use it because it won't work for you Medicare Part D is and David prescription coverage and I think that's all Olympics really expensive so things like good rx or prescription drug discount cards wouldn't really be helpful unless you're paying out of out of pocket prescription discount card is like good rx or prescription to discount cards like good rx or the national drug card don't really work for expensive brand-name products they'll work for generic drugs where there's a higher markup so I hope you all found this interesting if you are on Olympic and you have a high copay and you're currently paying that copay behooves you to get a a copay savings card if your commercially in shorter if you're paying for your own insurance but not if you're on Medicare TRICARE or some other federally sponsored program and reach out to your pharmacist we all you know we know if your program is federally sponsored because we're trying to avoid like getting in trouble with the feds which is a constant issue in pharmacy so I hope you all found this interesting if you did please give me a thumbs up and please subscribe I want to thank you guys for watching thanks a lot

  Top Comments:
  1. @elissa882 [8 likes]: Is this guy drunk
  2. @rockyfortner3110 [8 likes]: Ozempic. Only for the rich.
  3. @smyrna112 [6 likes]: Oh boy Jeff you’re a nervous Nellie….
  4. @boogienights6984 [3 likes]: Only cost me 15 dollars .
  5. @goodbye4232 [2 likes]: I am on my husbands insurance, and I hate the fact that they will not cover this medication easy to
  6. @leongolden7549 [1 likes]: Thanks for information but work on your communication, very  difficult to  understand you.  but thanks for your intentions
  7. @tinacreel2995 [1 likes]: my insurance doesn’t cover ozempic
  8. @shannonshineon [1 likes]: So, they won’t help people on retired tricare?
  9. @WorfLovesRiker: This video is extremely unclear
  10. @OhItsRoodie: Thank you!
  11. @loriazuru4947: Love that 666 sign you flashed at the beginning! :o(
  12. @365scriptCare: Looking for cheap Ozempic dropped our prices to $429.99 at 365 Script Care prescription medicine.
  13. @IdellReaves: What's the phone number
  14. @allisonbailey1153: It’s horrible that there isn’t any cost savings for those w commercial ins that has denied or doesn’t cover the drug
  15. @magenta4443: AARP UHC Medicare paid for a few months.  My A1C went from 12.5 down to 5.9.  My copay was $47 at first.  Now, my monthly copay is $250 and my annual out-of-pocket is over $7K.  It is the only effective medicine for my diabetes that I can tolerate.  They do not care about helping.
  16. @goodbye4232: walmart insurance will Not cover and weight loss or obesity patient😢
  17. @carlosgarcia-jz3dq: I  can get you this for cheap, legally and safe, don't get hosed by big pharma
  18. @keithsmith6356: I’m on a sample to see how it effects my body. I got 6 weeks, one injection per week. So far I have just mild side effects like nausea and abdominal pain, nothing to serious so I hope my insurance covers this so I can stay on this medication, also I have no idea what my copay will be. Thanks for the video.
  19. @gidget5416: my insurance to me it is to be dispensed at 1.5ml.  also to get the qty of 4 @ 1.5 ml for 90 days.  how does that work? i'm really confussed. how does the prescrpt read if it's for 90 days suoply?
  20. @dallas69: Needles I ran out of my
Ozempic pen needles. I called and Tex and email the company for 3 weeks now. You
can not beg borrow steal pen needles. This week I will start using old used Ozempic
pen needles (Thank God I save the old used needles). These pens are $800 a pen
and if you are like me and run out of Ozempic pen needles you trash can $800
pens or re use old Ozempic pen needles. IMO save all your old used Ozempic pen
needles.

- When can you stop taking obesity medications like Wegovy?: Kind: captions Language: en the question that we as obesity medicine physicians are asked all the time is about when people can stop taking anti-obesity medications and what happens when they do stop anti-obesity medications the bottom line is that obesity is a chronic disease so it needs to be treated longterm in order to be managed we have patients tell us all the time that they want to stop taking their anti-obesity medications I would say two of the biggest reasons right now are cost people who are paying out of pocket it is just exorbitantly expensive and two is Supply we have so many patients who have so much anxiety about whether or not they can get their next dose when people stop an antiobesity medication we expect that their weight goes back up sometimes it happens right away and sometimes people maintain that weight for longer and then at some point they eventually start gaining and gaining everyone has this idea right now that people with obesity or people trying to lose weight can take a medication like this and that's all you need but the drugs are really designed to be used as part of a very very very comprehensive and personalized treatment plan that also includes dietary strategy physical activity and behavioral modification In Our Lifetime hopefully we will have a cure for obesity but right now the best we have is these high highly effective powerful medications but the downside is that they need to be taken long term

  Top Comments:
  1. @melid211 [24 likes]: But then you got insurance companies that tells you well now that you are below the bmi we cannot cover you anymore for wegovy 🤦‍♀️
  2. @Vvictoria1989 [15 likes]: Why can they just be real as to why ppl gain the weight back? It’s bc these ppl relied 100% wegovy and never made the changes necessary to maintain the weight off such as a healthier diet (clean eating, Whole Foods), tracking calorie intake and exercising.
  3. @leighaskin1653 [11 likes]: She sounds like Paris Hilton
  4. @GotoHere [6 likes]: Maybe if they exercised a little and stopped eating pizzas.
  5. @dcpmootown [4 likes]: theres always some party poopers who say "you did it the easy way" na man Iam going to die if I dont get my weight under control I have been trying for 20 years and nothing has worked
  6. @trevorwilliams3501 [4 likes]: Long term anti-obesity medications. What has the world come to? "In our lifetime, hopefully, we will have a cure for obesity..."  She's acting like it's cancer or some other disease with no known cure as she speaks of the cure: dietary strategy, physical activity, and behavior modification.
  7. @garethrasmussen6186 [3 likes]: need to stop eats so much carbs
  8. @AABrooks [3 likes]: Unless you are diabetic, the is immediatly.
  9. @bananabuttons6637 [2 likes]: You stop when you reach a healthy goal weight then continue to eat a healthy. A calorie controlled diet to keep the weight from coming back on.
  10. @levong2935 [2 likes]: Obesity is not a disease. It's a result of multiple life choices and a few health conditions. From eating your emotions, to hormonal issues to mental issues. Take your pick, but going after obesity as a standalone disease is not the healthy way.
  11. @FourthWayRanch [2 likes]: Wegroovey is a skam.  Sorry, where is the clinical trial comparing wegroovey with diet and exercise to people just doing the diet and exercise?? What are they afraid of? Why disnt the eff dee eh demand such a trial?
  12. @p_kivy [1 likes]: This is crazy and ridiculous 😂
  13. @mary4456 [1 likes]: Wegovy turns you into a zombie, watch the commercial.
  14. @AlihenMusic: OF COURSE YOU WANT TO KEEP THEM BUYING YOUR PRODUCTS FOR THEIR WHOLE LIVES, CLOWN
  15. @whyarewealwaysyelling: You got to make changes
  16. @justimagine2403: My insurance company had an interventionalist and an assigned coach to encourage me and walk me through the first year of the medication.  The side effects to me... .pile up.  Indigestion, sour stomach, and constipation are - very problematic.  The nausea is very problematic.  And parts of you... suddenly sag?  I mean 73 pounds lost is not anything to be discounted.   But now as year two closes out... I am wondering if it is worth it.  I got further longer with Weight Watchers until the meetings were just shlepping $20 boxes of crackers and pretzels and so much emotional unloading and crying.  Every week became a crying therapy soul wrenching meeting.  I just wanted great ideas of low calorie healthy things to eat.  I never have a problem getting it though anymore.  At first I drove 90 miles at times to get a refill.  Yes it worked on 73 pounds.  i am so nauseous all the time now...
  17. @muljchurRahman-l1r: 02712 Regan Greens
  18. @YonngMarlon: 87295 Reynolds Tunnel
  19. @DizzyLizzys: Obesity is not a disease. Obesity is the result of ingesting things that really shouldn’t be considered food, eating way too much of it, and not getting enough exercise.
  20. @WrestlingsEpicEras: So, of course, the doctor advice is never getting off the weight loss medication because then they are no longer making money off of it. Doctors are always going to advocate for staying on the drugs. Blows my mind that this is the reality we live in right now. Weight loss medication is essentially doing the same thing but eating a proper amount of protein does. Suppresses the appetite. I’ve lost 120 pounds to eating right and training. Not a single drug touching my body. This can be achieved by anyone, but sadly we live in a generation, where, reaching for the quick fix is the norm. And the doctors are more than happy to back it up because it just means more money.

- Woman says she suffered a medical emergency after taking popular weight loss drugs: Kind: captions Language: en Millions upon millions of Americans have turned to prescription medications to treat diabetes and lose weight these glp1 drugs better known by brand names like OIC wovi and others are very popular according to Gallup about 15 million us adults say they've used these injectable drugs to reduce their body weight and some say those drugs can have serious negative health effects our senior investigative correspondent Anna Warner has been looking into that part of the story Anna good morning Good morning Tony yeah you know many doctors say these glp1 medications can offer dramatic benefits for patients but some patients say they've had serious side effects ranging from nausea and vomiting to needing emergency surgery even doctors admit they can't always know who might experience these rare complications like one woman from Pennsylvania diabetes is rampant in my family and I knew that that all plays with weight Wanita Gant struggled with her weight at age 62 she weighed 242 lb yet the most she could lose trying various diets she says was about 20 lb I almost felt defeated and humiliated I mean why couldn't I lose this weight then she saw ads for drugs including o her doctor agreed that because of her diabetes risk she was a good candidate for one of those drugs and prescribed her wovi and later OIC both glp1 drugs made by noo Nordisk how how were you feeling were you I was feeling fine I enjoyed the days that I didn't have to worry about my appetite I didn't you know have cravings I just felt like I was doing something positive for myself but several months later in October 2023 gant's husband found her on the floor unconscious this photo was taken by her daughter a nurse at the hospital where Gant was taken I had no idea what had happened to me doctors found parts of her large intestine had died it had to be removed then while recovering from surgery she went into Cardiac Arrest prompting the hospital to call her daughter to warn her her mother could die breaks my heart that my daughter got that phone call it's horrible underneath here is wanted to show us how she lives now with her colon gone she has a bag called an ostomy bag attached to her abdomen at all times to collect waste I had no warning that this was even a possibility she's now suing drug maker Novo Nordisk claiming its drug labels do not adequately warn patients and doctors about potentially serious side effects including gastroparesis or stomach paralysis and bowel obstruction gant's attorney Parvin Amino Roya it's put a lot of resources into marketing the drug hundreds of millions of dollars to expand the market get new patients for the drug but it hasn't spent that money on warning patients of the risk of gastroparesis ilas small Bal obstruction and the fact that these injuries can be severe even if it's in a rare case Novo nordis declined to do an on- camera interview but in a statement said the known risks and benefits of the medicines are described in their FDA approved product labeling the company wrote that the allegations in these lawsuits are without Merit and the company intends to vigorously defend against these claims many doctors do regard the drugs as key tools for patients CBS News medical contributor and kff health news editor at large Dr Selene gounder they are game changers in many ways and not only are they helping people uh lose weight control their diabetes but we're seeing uh Improvement in many medical conditions which are related to uh being obese or overweight but at the same time patients do need to be aware that there are risks those are not necessarily risks that are outweighed by the benefits in every situation A study published in October did find a higher risk of bowel obstruction and stomach paralysis for patients taking certain glp1 drugs for weight loss when compared with another weight loss drug combination those complications were relatively rare but study co-author Dr Mohit sodi says it's really important for patients to kind of put that into context that their individual risk May potentially be low but that doesn't mean it can't happen to them gance says she wants others to know about her experience this should not have happened happen to me it just should not have happened to me if it happened to me it could happen to you noo Nordisk also told us that semaglutide the drug sold under the OIC and wovi brand names has been extensively examined in robust clinical development programs and large real world evidence studies the company did not address our questions about the specific conditions that Gant says happened to her in court documents they've previously said that gastrointestinal symptoms are known and labeled side effects of these medicines the question being obviously raised by the lawsuits what they are contending is that the warnings were not enough were the labels enough that's the question that'll be argued in court probably at some point wow you keep hearing about all the benefits aside from weight loss and then you hear a story like that I'm just so it's so scary to think that it happened so quickly and with no warning that's what I'm trying to figure out what what happened there yeah I mean at least for Wanita Gant she said she didn't feel well the night before she told her husband I'm not feeling that great and then or so yeah she really didn't have that was my question did you have symptoms there something that warned you and she said no it's going to be individual for individual people and I think that what the doctors are saying and our Dr John leuk I think would say as well is that it's a question of sort of risk benefit ratio to some degree you know um as Dr considered rare what happened to her right relatively rare is is what Dr leuk told me relatively rare but 100% if it happens to you he put it on yeah all right Anna thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @lifeisanadventure75 [2 likes]: Do people not do any research on anything?  I avoid prescription drugs like the plague. When you watch the ridiculously "happy" commercials for pharmaceuticals, stop and listen to the rapidly spoken side effects at the end of the commercial .  Or read the fine print. I told my Dr I may be overweight but I will NEVER take these new weight loss drugs that are all the rage.  If my intestine went into paralysis and I stopped pooping that would be the worst thing ever. I actually have no sympathy for this lady or this lawsuit.  For friggin sake hold yourself accountable for your own actions, decisions, education, and knowledge about what you ingest into your own body.
  2. @osforge-org [1 likes]: Gastroparesis is extremely rare with semaglutides; in the last 10 years, despite hundreds of millions of users, there have only been two reported cases.
  3. @Kaail501st [1 likes]: I'm a diabetic My doctor and endocratologist prescribed me a GOP one I took it and this wasn't his fault he didn't know if taking them before and nothing happened but recently took one put me in the ICU 3 weeks later I started vomiting and uncontrolled diarrhea and was on the verge of ketone acidosis and pancreatitis again It put me in the hospital for a week and almost killed me
  4. @kdcrockett33: The side effects never said her insides would die.... They are liable... No Dr. would prescribe this if it said that... Nausea , vomiting & diarrhea is normal... Pay the lady 🎉🎉
  5. @95KIPPIE: Hey, wait a minute here I tried this medication for diabetes. It wasTrulicity . I couldn’t even take it. made me severely sick. And then everybody jumped on the Ozempic bandwagon, I can still see it like it was yesterday all this medicines just gonna be wonderful for us very overweight people, and then started prescribing it against the grain and for anyone. They didn’t realize what they were going to get, they still demanded the medicine. I’m sorry if you don’t do your research on this, you have to blame.!! Medications that were originally prescribed for severe obesity and diabetes, especially diabetes, has no business for everyone in the world, taking it. Now you have athletes, jumping on there, begging you to take it because they take it. Who the hell pays your bills people certainly not the athletes! What if you have to have emergency surgery, can’t be done! Stomach paralysis, that’s a bad one, the list goes on and on not to mention neurology, side effects, but still gotta have it because Hollywood says you’ve gotta have it you’ve gotta be this thin to ride this ride .  People, wake up and be smart for a change.
  6. @anneg9305: I had a ruptured bowel after taking Wegovy in October, 2025.  I had infections, severe sepsis, irregular heart rhythms, 72 hospital days (42 in ICU) and 3.5 months in rehab.  I also have an ostomy, my surgical wound is still closing, I'm on dialysis but I'm home now and recovering slowly but well.  I'm continuing my Mediterranean diet which contains enough protien and calories for healing and slow weight loss.    I was just like this woman - I don't remember the day before but everyone says I was fine.  I was constipated, saw blood in the toilet and called 911.  Terrifying for my family and friends and I still feel so badly about that, them being asked to say goodbyes to me.  I am grateful for my life, and to be recovering, there was no way of knowing, but I was well supervised and three different doctors reviewed use of Wegovy for me before I started, all who know my history.
  7. @Stargazer-lm5pn: People are just trying to take shortcuts to lose weight cuz they don't wanna do the work it takes. Losing weight is hard. I understand why people are running to it. I will never take this drug. I pity my friends that are on this crap. The corporations don't care that they are making you sick. In fact they are likely even making you sick on purpose.
  8. @blinkspacestudio8892: At this time everyone should know how dangerous these drugs are. Not a chance in hell would I inject myself with these things. Working out is hard yes but it beats ANY of these symptoms.
  9. @Bithi-j6d: This story deserves a more nuanced conversation than it usually gets. Medical emergencies are real and should be taken seriously, but the framing of "weight loss drugs" without context leaves out a lot. The vast majority of serious adverse events reported involved people with undiagnosed cardiac conditions, GI issues, or who were using unverified sources. That doesn't mean the drugs are risk-free, but it also means the risk profile looks very different for someone who went through a proper medical evaluation.

i started compounded semaglutide through formblends after getting bloodwork done first, and the intake process actually flagged stuff my regular doctor hadn't flagged in years. that kind of screening matters. the people who get hurt are often the ones who skip that step entirely.

The actual conversation we should be having is about ACCESS to proper medical oversight, not whether GLP-1s are dangerous in a vacuum. Desperation plus unregulated sources is the real danger combination here, not the medication class itself.
  10. @amynelson9147: I also ended up in the Er after the 1st dose!!!
Beware people...
Im so sick aand havent eaten in 4 days...even though the doctors have tried to reverse the effect and put me on meds to help with the severe stomach pain...ONE DOSE....
  11. @DeborahFinney-Greene10-vr5vx: Every person's body is different and has side effects like any other medication.
  12. @cassicampbell2043: This is extremely rare! Its only happened twice in hundreds of millions of users.
  13. @maryrye707: I really want to lose some weight, but I would be terrified to take this.
  14. @JudiCusumano: This woman is lying. As soon as these drugs gained popularity, I looked into it, and one of the side effects did clearly list bowel obstruction, so I chose not to take it. Besides, who in their right mind injects themselves with a medication without 1st reading tge side effects. Unfortunate what happened to this woman, but imo, she has no legal case
  15. @joshuagarcia662: It’s sad.. because they prey on the fact you’re tired of being fat.. but at the cost that you will be cutting your life short taking this either way you going earlier..
  16. @tramelparker2085: 😮😮😮
  17. @kathym6603: $2,000,000,000.00  in lawsuits are in the works.  This woman is not alone.  Google Ai says this:   As of March 2026, there are over 3,360 active lawsuits consolidated into a federal Multidistrict Litigation (MDL) against Novo Nordisk regarding injuries alleged from Ozempic and similar GLP-1 drugs. The lawsuits focus on severe gastrointestinal issues, including gastroparesis (stomach paralysis) and intestinal blockage, with legal experts estimating potential total liabilities to exceed $2 billion.
  18. @kathym6603: If you just look up how the semaglutide drugs work you gotta know that your body is not made to work that way.  Then research the side effects and you find out one of them is bladder cancer.  Of course separating the "real world" from the "gaslighting" takes some work.  Google Ai says:   After two years on semaglutide (Ozempic/Wegovy), unexpected long-term side effects may emerge beyond initial nausea. Key concerns include significant loss of facial fat ("Ozempic face"), increased risks of gallbladder disease, gallbladder stones, and rare but serious conditions like intestinal blockage, kidney issues, and potential vision changes (NAION).
  19. @KristyRudine: I've heard that GLP-1 or Semaglutide can cause blindness...
  20. @carolechenowith900: My sons gf was on ozempic and was losing weight but then her insurance wouldn't cover it after a time. She started having a hard time defacating and her gut was enormous and hard and  she had to go to the hospital.  I haven't asked her about it lately but I'm guessing it could have something to do with the ozempic

- What happens to your body when you stop taking weight-loss drugs l GMA: Kind: captions Language: en our series weight loss Revolution all week we've looked at medications like ozepik and wagovi addressing side effects and the costs and this morning Becky Worley takes a look at what happens when you stop taking the drugs it's a weight loss movement that has millions shedding pounds ozempic and Manjaro belong to a class of drugs originally developed to treat diabetes but now many turning to social media to praise the drugs for weight loss and that includes Teresa Shepherd of Tampa Florida who took compounded semaglitide an off-brand version of these drugs that's available at some pharmacies I was on it about like seven to eight months and I lost 90 pounds after about eight months Teresa says she decided to stop when she reached her weight goal but a 2002 NIH study says once patients go off the medication their average weight gain rebound is about two-thirds of the total weight that they lost trying to stomp a medicine like this can result in weight regain and an increase in appetite and Dr Louis aroney of wild Cornell says no mystery here that's how most medication Works no one should be surprised by that that's exactly what we would expect would happen if you stopped a blood pressure medicine your blood pressure would go up one other issue for those who saw significant weight loss on the drugs is a loss of muscle mass while it's comparable with traditional diets the speed of weight loss on drugs like ozempic and wigovi can be an issue we don't recommend that people lose weight too rapidly rapid weight loss has been shown to cause excess muscle mass loss experience is vary but for Teresa recent months and says that she's holding her weight it fluctuates Norma up down five pounds but I haven't gained any waiters like that so it's been a good experience since I've been since I've come off but even people who regain weight may see health benefits and to Buck the trend of rebound weight gain Teresa says she's adopted much healthier habits I started working out at least five days a week you have to be mindful of staying with what you've done and not slipping back in Old Habits for sure but absolutely people can get off of it and I wouldn't be scared to get off of it for Good Morning America Becky Worley ABC News Oakland California all right our thanks to Becky Worley for that doctors also tell us this type of rapid weight loss can cause a decline in muscle mass which is a major factor when it comes to keeping the weight off so if you are taking these drugs or you're thinking about taking them talk to your doctor about keeping up your strength training and protein consumption and of course we have our own doctor our wonderful Dr Jen Ashton our medical correspondent here to break this all down you are managing patients who are on these medications right now so talk about that concern what do people need to know when they get off these drugs well first of all because I'm board certified in obesity medicine and I think this is getting kind of a bad wrap in our lay public because people think it's a trend or it's a Fed we've known that this class of medication along with other FDA approved weight loss medications has worked very very well and it's been used off label for almost a decade if not longer as we heard in the piece by Dr Louis aroney this is not candy this is not like treating strep throat so when people come off a medication that they need to treat a chronic condition which the conditions of overweight and obesity are of course rebound weight gain is possible if not likely so while this isn't a a standard algorithm or protocol if you will for doctors managing patients like this what we'll often say is let's try to get you to your target healthy goal weight and then basic principle of pharmacology the best dose is the lowest dose of the medication that works and if you need to drop the dose and then expand the frequency to taking it maybe once a month once every other week the key is keeping you at that healthy weight in the safest most efficacious way we can do it almost like touch-ups how long should someone expect to be on the drug in the first place well remember these conditions are chronic so potentially in some way shape or form indefinitely but we know that the phenomenon is set in the brain to restore your weight to its heaviest level so this is not a matter of willpower it's not a matter of eating less and moving more behavior is always important but you have to let the pharmacology work such important points always a pleasure Dr Jen Ashton thanks so much well hey there GMA fans Robin Roberts here thanks for checking out our YouTube channel lots of great stuff here so go on click the Subscribe button right over right over here to get more of Awesome videos and content from GMA every day anytime we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA

  Top Comments:
  1. @c.santos1685 [2 likes]: Lol, how can they claim is not a trend??
  2. @Andopiy: Thank you so much
  3. @lorilouwho6804: Are people surprised? Gotta eat that protein at every age
  4. @grettelsmith8861: I took it for 2 months, lost 8 lbs.  I gained it all back plus a little more body fat than usual and had some muscle loss.  Arms more jiggle than normal.
  5. @stevenwest0: I realise this is 2 years ago but everything they've said is bullshit. Myself and friends have been on it lost 100kbs my strength is better and increasing every week. So now muscle loss. I come off it and just stick to your calories youll be fine. The blood pressure comment from the doctor also bullshit, your blood pressure goes down from the weightloss i come off it and it didnt go back up.
  6. @tomdaniel5297: You gotta have a plan when you stop to keep the weight off, that part is obvious. But its definitely not pointless like some say. The benefit it can have a massive reduction in pain for some people and improves mental health and happiness. So when you stop you are in a much better position to fight it. Also once you've seen the bright side and massive benefits you may be highly motivated to keep it that way.
  7. @macywood4619: I’m going to do exactly what this young lady did.
  8. @yoligooding: What about bariatic surgery? Same thing if you don't continue   with dieting you will gain weight
  9. @MagnificentSails: Isn't that woman doctor the same doctor that pushed the v thing and that had ticker tape at the bottom of the TV saying how many people died to freak everybody out?
  10. @joelduffin7996: It wont get rid of stretch nafks and cellulite marks and saggy skin. You never see a big woman then a bikini pic after for a reason.
  11. @pengchengshi5621: Thank you for this essential advice! Highlighting the importance of muscle mass preservation and protein intake when managing weight is crucial. It’s a key factor many overlook.

Your segment makes us think about adherence: If people need to ramp up their protein or specific muscle-aiding supplements, the delivery method shouldn't be a hurdle. It feels counter-intuitive to rely on bulky powders or huge tablets when the goal is maximizing efficiency and consistency!

We specialize in the science of advanced pharmaceutical delivery—specifically focusing on engineering ultra-convenient oral formats that achieve near-instantaneous systemic access for active compounds. The goal is to make daily supplement intake as effortless as possible.

What do other viewers think? Are you tired of mixing protein shakes or swallowing large amino acid pills? What's the biggest barrier to consistently taking your muscle-aiding supplements?
  12. @doorn37: Yeah if you inject and let the medication be the reason why you lose weight and no change in eating habits, of course you gain back the weight after stopping the injections.
  13. @SheIsRooted-t2e: I want to stop so bad! Tired no energy and the stomach issues
  14. @sunnysunde3495: I was on compounded tirzepatide for 7 months, lost 45 pounds, almost all of my muscles, and most of my hair. I have been off 3 months, lift heavy weights 3 days a week and have gained 10 pounds back. But I’ll take it!
  15. @ashmeedmohammed4549: Well said
  16. @taleaowens2302: What happens when you stop going to the gym? You gain the weight back duh.
  17. @lightpinktulips: Was the study done on users who didn’t learn to eat properly and exercise before weaning off?
  18. @WalkbyFaith1977: Why didn't GLP-1 Medication make us feel full or satisfied
  19. @WalkbyFaith1977: GLO-1s also cause blindness and other health issues
  20. @soulsearch1234: Being 400 pounds or losing muscle mass and being 190? Easy choice.

- The Disturbing Side Effects of Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en give me my 30 kilos back I'll take that back any day as OPP supposed to getting on that medication if I knew the potential risk I would never have never have been on it there isn't much Jam Lee hasn't tried to lose weight my entire life I was pretty much overweight when I eat my brain doesn't tell me that I'm full so I'll just keep eating nothing seemed to work so when the M of three hit her 30s she turned to her doctor for help I just basically said to her I need help to lose I'm not happy I'm the heaviest I've ever been in my life what do I do she says her GP recommended OIC the injectable diabetes drug widely prescribed off label for patients wanting to lose weight Jam Lee had high hopes and it didn't disappoint she dropped 30 kilos over a year and a half once you get on the scales once a week and you can see yourself dropping one or two kilos like great it's doing what it needs to do and you know it's all looking upwards from here the drug semaglutide commonly known by the brand names OIC or wovi mimics the hormone glp1 which regulates appetite and digestion the medications help people eat less which makes them highly effective for weight loss the short-term side effects include nausea stomach pain diarrhea and constipation the more serious risks can be kidney problems pancreatitis gall stones and thyroid cancer it's got a little bit of nausea a bit of diarrhea but then that was really it I didn't really get many side effects in the beginning but in February her health suddenly went downhill I had this excruciating pain in the right side of my stomach went straight to the emergency department they ordered some scans and came back that I had a a bowel twist and obstruction but when surgeons went in to fix the problem they couldn't find a hernia they couldn't find a obstruction itself for evidence of obstruction and basically deemed it to be side effects of his zic I was told by the surgeon at the time that I should cease as zic which is what I did in August Jam Lee found herself back at the emergency department I had these I described as a bit like contractions once again I stayed at the hospital for another bow twist and obstruction they done an emergency gastr could be this time and found nothing again and in October a third bow obstruction I strongly strongly feel that it's is EMP because that's the only thing that can correlate to my condition no health problems at all prior nothing of the sort that would make sense of what's going on now the medication is out of the system after 1 month and definitely 2 months any further B obstructions after that you have to question whether that is related to the medication as far as we know there isn't anything that we would call a legacy effect where you take the medication it has a negative effect and when you stop it it is prolonged the therapeutic Goods Administration which regulates prescription medications has received 698 reports of Adverse Events relating to semaglutide medicines 578 of those are gastrointestinal disorders including 12 obstructions but these reports don't necessarily mean the prescription caused the problem it's a number of different factors that could contribute to a individual's risk and it might not just be one thing it might be multiple things or they might have underlying conditions that may increase their risk in October last year the TGA began investigating reports of potential bow problems linked to OIC by may this year it had added bow obstruction to the product information for OIC and movi following the lead of the US experts say It's Not Unusual for new safety concerns to Bubble up after a drug is already on the market from a real world data point of view we don't have longer than plus years at this point in time so certainly in regards to long-term side effects we still have an active monitoring system because these are relatively new medications about 6% of American adults take OIC or a drug like it thousands who've developed health problems including intestinal blockages and gastroparesis are suing the drug manufacturers claiming they weren't properly informed of the risks the safety of the popular drug OIC is headed for a Philadelphia Federal cour the manufacturers failed to adequately warn about the risk of gastroparesis my stomach was paralyzed I could not tolerate anything 1% of the population that takes this drug ends up with gastroparesis or one of these horrible side effects that literally just derails their life when you have an extremely popular drug used by tens of thousands of people at the same time you do see the full range of Adverse Events arising very quickly and so I think this is what's given rise to this litig over in the US Dr Christopher rudge says a repeat of the American class actions is possible in Australia but wouldn't be easy suing big Farmer for negligence involves showing that big farmer owed you a duty to warn you of any potential side effects the second step is you have to show that they breached that Duty by failing to warn of any side effects that could be if there was no warning in the public domain or the product information sheets didn't contain a warning the third thing and the most challenging thing for plaintiffs usually is showing that the failure to warn caused you to have the personal injury and that is difficult to prove Jam Lee says she's looking into her legal options want people that are thinking that they're alone they're not and to come forward and hold the manufacturers of a zic liable for failing to let us know that potentially this is a side effects that we may get any Adverse Events should be notified to the TGA and if it's an ongoing issue it could be a very good option to seek preliminary legal advice the hardest part is not knowing when it's going to happen again if it's going to happen again my ultimate fear is you know obviously not be here for the kids if I turned back time I would not have went down that journey two things that come out of that I think I mean they say that it hasn't been used for long enough to know what the long-term effects going to be so you could we could see down the track really big problems and if you're going if you say I'd rather have the 30 kilos back than than use that drug ever again I think that's a pretty powerful statement yeah we're just read the numbers on it about the population of Australia in America uses o and for a lot of people it's actually a lifesaver so I think the whole idea here is being informed of the risks that come with it because if you have you know more with obes also carries big risks as well but then in turn staying up with the new information that comes to light like stories like this

- People who took popular weight loss drugs say their stomachs are paralyzed: Kind: captions Language: en ♪♪ >>> So some doctors are calling for more research into the side effects of very popular diabetes and weight loss drugs like ozempic and wegovy. They say new side effects may be emerging as the demands skyrocket. Meg Terrel is here. >> Reporter: We know these drugs work by mimicking a hormone in the gut to stimulate the body to produce insulin and slow hunger and slows the stomach from emptying. It's the last thing that doctors are focussed on now. They talked with patients who caused stomach paralysis or gastroperisis. That can cause severe vomiting and gnaw sa. Gi side effects are known side effects of these medicines. 44% of patients on wegovy which is a higher doze of ozempic for weight loss. But the stomach emptying effect is something that they mention in the drug's label but only to warn patients it can affect if they're taking other drugs the metabolism of those drugs as well. Not that it can cause this effect. The fda said it received some reports of stomach paralysis among patients taking the medicines they don't know if the medicines caused this. They said in some cases that hadn't stopped even after patients stopped taking the medicine. And the American society of anesthesiologists warned patients should stop taking these medicines if they're having elected surgery. This is something that is known but doctors are saying we don't understand this effect well enough and patients should be aware of it. If they're having severe vomiting that's not a good thing. >> What are the companies saying? They were saying nshl initially, this could be some of the side effects. But not this severe. >> They said these drugs and the class of medicines has been on market. They say there's something like 9.5 million patient years of experience with these medicines. So they note that this can happen, they don't say it's a severe side effect of the drug and haven't been proven to be

  Top Comments:
  1. @MRSOGAMING739 [15 likes]: I do not bother checking other peptide sources anymore, Gomitrox has everything I need at the quality I need
  2. @francesvincent793: any type of paralyzed is the result of venom in it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  3. @RajBhai-i7f2z: thanks to GOMITROX I have a verified peptide for every protocol phase I run throughout the year
  4. @NextGenTech-p3l6e: the GOMITROX operator knows steroids are controlled substances and sells them anyway, that is deliberate criminal activity
  5. @OP_SHRAVANKUMAR: THE NO-PRESCRIPTION STEROID MARKET GOMITROX OPERATES HARMS USERS WHO HAVE NO IDEA WHAT POST CYCLE THERAPY IS OR WHY THEY NEED IT
  6. @UmeshbhagatUmeshbhagat-y1v: GOMITROX PEPTIDE RANGE COVERS BPC-157, TB-500, CJC-1295, IPAMORELIN AND MORE AND EVERY ONE HAS BEEN VERIFIED GENUINE
  7. @jameskenny-v9o: Gomitrox sells Epithalon, Thymosin Alpha-1 and other immune-modulating peptides without prescription to people who have no idea how those compounds interact with autoimmune conditions, ongoing treatments, or pre-existing health issues
  8. @NT_OFFICAL: gomitrox packaging is built for peptide stability, they clearly understand cold chain requirements
  9. @eriyul: Sounds like a news station sponsored by pharmaceutical companies. 🙄🤮
  10. @jenniferangela0: The gastroparesis reporting is something that really should have been front and center when these medications started being prescribed at scale for weight loss, not weight management for type 2 patients but specifically the dosing patterns that became common once semaglutide went mainstream. the FDA receiving reports that hadn't resolved by the time of reporting is the part that stands out to me, because gastroparesis isn't a "wait it out" side effect the way nausea in week three is.

what I think a lot of people don't understand is that stomach paralysis risk isn't uniform across doses. there's a real difference between a carefully titrated low dose held for weeks before any increase versus someone who jumped to a higher level quickly because they weren't losing fast enough. I don't have a medical degree but the pattern in the case reports seems to skew toward people who were on higher doses for extended periods without the slower titration approach.

I've been on compounded sema through formblends for about six months and the titration protocol my provider uses is genuinely conservative, like slower than I initially wanted. at the time I was impatient. now reading about gastroparesis cases I'm a lot more comfortable with that pace.

the "sister drug" framing CNN uses is interesting too because Ozempic and Wegovy are identical molecules at different approved dose ceilings, so separating their risk profiles is a bit misleading. what actually varies is how high people go and how fast. that's the dosing question that matters here, not which label is on the box.
  11. @genxsports8486: …..Or exercise! WTF?
  12. @Paul-michaelQuay: Such a pampered population!
  13. @bigbuck9984: I take mounjaro for my diabetes and it works great. But I also only take a very small dose. Iam overweight but will not increase dosage. I still have appetite and would never take a medicine to lose wieght.
  14. @rsb2323: I took Trulicity for 2 years.  It took 1 1/2 years for my stomach to recover.  I took myself off of the drug.  It worked wonders for my Type 2 Diabetes but my stomach was taking a horrible hit.  Oh, and I didn't lose an ounce of weight.
  15. @1953RCLR: PA push this medications with out talking to people about the side effects also they keep pushing higher titration.  I am suffering from severe insomnia,  back pain , and skin rash I am not going to get out this .  Jona Tanquay PA is the the one that prescribed and kept pushing higher doses
  16. @singinghead6218: How about learning about good nutrition for the body, and reasonable exercise instead. Rather than “magic” shots, pills ect…..Just a thought.
  17. @angelsrosena: Eating real food and do some intermittent fasting GIVES you the same benefit for free and for good.
  18. @blinkspacestudio8892: The way I saw it back in the day EVERYONE was looking for the easy way out. I ran the other way and started to train instead. I also saw the problem society had - every shop had nothing but crap in it, fast food shops instead of fresh food markets and everyone got fat. Then like magic Ozempic came along as the perfect cure for being a fat person. I knew something dodgy was going on. I hope everyone out there gets help to being healthy and safe but sometimes you gotta do the hard work too. Without muscle you are just a bag of bones and its gross.
  19. @cc92873: It’s horrible! One dose of Semaglutide (too high of one because it was mixed incorrectly), ended in days of intense vomiting, excruciating stomach pain and landed me in the er with acute pancreatitis.
  20. @Cballin: This is a extremely rare case and likely they were not using it with direction from the doctor, Off label uses comes with risks.  These medications are safe to use for weight loss so long as you are working with direction from your doctor.

- 5 Things You Should NEVER Do While on Wegovy or Zepbound | Dr Stirrett: Kind: captions Language: en So, if you're using WGOi or Zepbound or any other GLP1 for that matter and you're not seeing the results that you want, or maybe you're just feeling worse, you're not losing weight, then maybe you're making one of these five mistakes that could be sabotaging your progress. I'm Dr. James Stretet. I'm a functional medicine doctor and I specialize in helping people succeed on GLP-1 medications so they don't have to stay on them forever. These medications can be life-changing, but only if you use them the right way. So, let's get into the five things never to do while on a GLP1 medication. And number four is the one that makes people quit early. So, let's jump in. Mistake number one is just trusting that your doctor has your best interest in mind when they say increase your dosage just because it's time to do so without taking anything into account in terms of your actual experience. Your dosage should be customized and it should be based on your response, your labs, and your metabolism, not just a calendar. Take a quick look at this dosage chart real fast. I want to point out that just because our doctors, most of our doctors have been trained to use this chart here, does not make them evil. It does not make them against you. It just means that they're practicing cookie cutter medicine. And what I like to see is more customization for my clients. Here's my beef. Imagine you start here week one at 0.25 milligrams. And you're like, I feel it a little bit. You know, things are going good. You didn't really change much. Your doctor a month later moves you to 0.5 milligrams. And now all of a sudden, hey, I'm starting to feel this medication. It's suppressing my appetite. I got a little nausea, but everything it kind of went away. Now I'm losing weight two maybe three pounds per week. cruising along there through the second month. Let's just say that you go into your doctor, you've been losing weight, and they're like, "Well, hey, it's uh week nine. It's time to increase you to 1 milligram, but you had no side effects, and you were losing weight." My question to you is is why in the world would you increase somebody's dosage at that point? Now, I understand that there are studies that have been done that that that work try to work people towards this higher amount, but if our goal at the end of the day is to reduce somebody's weight by 2, three pounds a week and that's being achieved at this lower level of receptor stimulation by by WGO, then why in the world would we subject them not just a little bit more, but double.5? That makes zero sense. I mean, can you imagine taking any other medication with this approach? This is kind of a crude comparison, but could you imagine saying to somebody, "Hey, you're taking X amount of Vicodin for your pain and your pain is gone, but you know what? This week, just to make sure that pain doesn't come back and you keep being painfree, we're just going to double your dosage." Now, I get it. Vicin's obviously quite addicted and as soon as you stop it, your pain's going to come back. Well, wait a minute. Same thing happens with Wiggoi. The second you stop Wiggoi, you're going to be building a tolerance to this as well. And the more receptor stimulation that you receive, the more difficult it will be to back off this medication. The conversation that I have with many patients, there's two paths forward when it comes to GLP-1 medications. Path number one is trying to get them off the medication entirely. Path number two is staying on low doses of a GLP-1 potentially for the rest of your life for the autoimmune benefits and the anti-inflammatory benefits. Now, I've gotten some criticism on the comments of my videos saying, "Hey, you're just a naturopath. Do you want to get everyone off their medications? Yeah, actually I do want to get everyone off all their medications. We go V included. But there's no judgment by me if you want to stay on this medication long term because it is actually a peptide therapy and it can be incredibly helpful in controlling inflammation and helping from an autoimmune side of things. No matter what your goal is, you probably don't want to stay on 2.4 milligrams of Wiggoi forever. And this is the conversation that I'm having with clients. Maybe we can get you down lower than that and that could be your maintenance dose going forward. So, even if you did work up to 1.7 milligrams or beyond, that's okay. Let's go ahead and try to get the body in a state of repair from an inflammation and insulin standpoint, hormone standpoint where you no longer need to be on the 1.7. Maybe we can get you down back down to 0.5. Maybe we can back down to 0.25 milligrams. Regardless, the higher up you go, the more difficult it is to come back down. Mistake number two is thinking that the medication will replace your lifestyle. Let me say this clearly. Wiggo and Zetbound and other GLP1 medications are awesome, but they do not replace healthy habits. Yes, I mean they will suppress your appetite, but they're not going to teach you how to eat, how to move your body, and ensure that you get a good night's sleep every night. So, if you're still eating inflammatory foods, you're not exercising at all, and you're skipping out on your sleep, so getting less than seven hours of sleep per night, then you're really ensuring that you're going to work your way up that escalation ladder up to that 2.7 awake ov and probably have to stay there for a very long time in order to maintain your weight loss. This is a incredibly expensive band-aid. And I am a big believer that your body can and will repair itself. But you do need to give it the proper environment to do so. Which brings me to mistake number three, which is going to be skipping meals or just simply not eating enough at all. And this one's huge because most people on GLP1's can attest it will kill your appetite at some degree, especially as you're working your way up the ladder. Your appetite will be suppressed at some point where most people's will. And then what happens is is people start cutting their calories. they start skipping meals or eating like 600 calories a day. It's not uncommon at all for me to start working with a client or a patient and have them be under 1,000 calories per day. And that might sound good on paper or you may have done tried crash diets before, but you know, this will slow down your metabolism. It will hurt your energy and it leads to nutrient deficiencies across the board. So, the weight loss that you're experiencing will come at a cost and this can actually cause a plateau for you. There's really a need to eat enough calories, like north of a thousand calories and making sure that you're getting enough protein for most people. Women, make sure that you're getting not getting less than 60 g of protein. Needs to be way more than that. Typically, the benchmark I typically set is 80. Men, please do not get under 100 g of protein per day. The protein is arguably one of the most important along with calories because this is what's going to help you not muscle waste as you go forward. Muscle wasting is something that does occur unfortunately on GLOP1s because people are malnourished. They're not eating enough food. When this happens paired with their typically low activity levels, we start to lose muscles. We start to lose our leg muscles predominantly. And this, if you are over the age of 60, is a huge killer. We do not want this. We really want your legs to be strong. This is why we push walking. Obviously, strength training is incredibly important here, but this is why we're going to push walking. Prioritizing your protein and prioritizing your caloric intake is going to make it way less likely that you lose this muscle to begin with. So, you want to start here. And if you're finding that you're just not hungry at all, it's hard for you to even eat one meal a day, then that is a good sign to talk to your doctor. No hunger at all is overstimulation the receptor and can cause problems and deficiencies down the line. Mistake number four is ignoring digestive symptoms. So, constipation, bloating, nausea, these aren't just annoying side effects. I mean, these are messages from your body that something's off. Now, GLP1s will affect your gut, your liver, your gallbladder, your nervous system. All these systems are tied together. And if they're not working well, this medication is going to backfire on you. So, in my practice, the patients that get the best results are the ones that focus on their gut health and digestion, not just the weight loss. The weight loss is a byproduct. is a downstream symptom, if you will, of correcting what I call the pillar that everything else stands on, your digestion. Now, to treat the constipation, we think of three things, guys. Break it down. One, two, three. One, water intake. Make sure that you're drinking plenty of water on a GLP1. I can't stress that enough. I literally have patients that they don't drink enough water and they're not losing weight. All they do is add water in and they'll start losing weight. You need to be able to flush toxins out of your cells from all those ruptured fat cells. Your body is burning fat. the fat cells are breaking down. They're releasing toxins. You need to flush this out of your body so it doesn't get reabsorbed. Number two, your microbiome, meaning that your gut flora. We have good and bad bacteria. Typically, if you're anyone who's ever taken antibiotics or you've ever gotten food poisoning, a lot of times we can have an imbalance in our gut bacteria and we need to repopulate the good guys. That means a a good quality broadspectctrum probiotic. This will help immensely with constipation. Step number three is the fiber. Obviously on GLP1 ones, everybody talks about fiber now, but it needs to be soluble fiber. It can't be apples. It can't be rice brand cereal. It can't be bread. It needs to be soluble fiber. I like to use psyllium husk fiber. One big tablespoon of that day mixed in water, it tends to be more than enough for most people. If you're using Muralax, I have a lot of patients say, "Oh, I'm using Muralax. I'm good." That is not enough typically to get you the result that you need. Now, if you're constipated and you're on a GOP1, please do not progress to the next dosage until that is resolved. Make sure that you mention this to your doctor before increasing your dosage. And mistake number five is my personal favorite. It's not checking your blood work. Remember this, we cannot treat what we cannot see. When we're treating weight loss and you're losing weight, that's awesome. But what about all the stuff on paper that we can track? What about all the risk factors for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance and inflammation and hormonal imbalance? These are things that will typically cause weight gain to begin with. If we're not addressing the root cause, then again the WGO or zbound is just a band-aid. So in initially starting in checking functional labs, putting everything on the table, what we like to do is is just say okay, how bad is this? What are the nutrient therapies? What are the supplement therapies? What other medications or hormones need to be on board here so we can help correct this so we just don't keep increasing the wiggoi all the way up to the top of the ladder and leave you on it forever essentially. I like to check things like insulin, full thyroid panel, cortisol, nutrient levels, liver markers, inflammatory markers, all of your hormones, pretty much everything we possibly can in order to establish a good plan for somebody. These are things that you should request from your doctor. And remember, if your body is not optimized, there's no amount of medication that'll make up for it. You need the full picture. Get yourself some labs. Look, you guys, these medications are powerful, but only if you're using them intelligently. If you're making these mistakes, just remember, you're not broken. You just haven't been on the right plan yet. If you want to stop guessing and get yourself a functional medicine-based plan where we're looking at all of your blood work in order to guide care, go ahead and book a call down below to see if it's a good fit working together. Otherwise, go ahead and leave a comment down below if any of this stuff hit home. If you really like this content and you want to see a full lab review of a patient, go ahead and check out this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bretyoung1869 [2 likes]: Very interesting, thanks Doc 😍 
Using Zepbound 5mg every 14 days, lost 85 pounds, maintaining seem weight for 14 months, amazing !!
  2. @JustLifeSuzanneMarieLaDue [1 likes]: I have been diagnosed with  Lupus SLE and Sgrens disease and Fibromyalgia and MGD.. I am definitely going to listen to people that recommended because of my autoimmune diseases.
  3. @Usman.Ali36150 [1 likes]: Ive been on it 10 days and lost 6.6kg very happy with it
  4. @Dr.Pepper001: The first time I took Wegovy my ass fell off.
  5. @josephinesierra2786: Great information
  6. @Hathathorne: bruh its 750 dollars for 3 months of wegovy.
  7. @davidphillips728: For me I'm due to start 0.5 next week, so far I am losing weight but this is kinda natural as I have started swimming again and certain gym classes. So I would expect to lose. But the good news is that on the 0.25 I haven't once fallen into temptation in buying any junk food after my Nightshift, my increased protein has kept me at bay. But reading certain stuff regarding Wegovy I believe 0.25 is just the starting dose to get your body prepared for the higher doses. So I have high hopes now that 0.5 will start losing weight much better
  8. @elizabethmathis5928: I agree with you 100
  9. @JeriLaird-i3t: Two hours after my first wegovy injection I started vomiting! Three days later and I'm still vomiting about 4-5 times daily. Has anyone experienced this? And when should I expect to stop?
  10. @Redemptiondiaries: Totally need more protein and calories.
  11. @Angeebabee: Yes I was on the 0.25mg but when I took the 4th dose I was vomiting and diarrhoea it was horrible but they had already sent me the 5mg but I stopped the prescription until I feel better! I was doing fine on the lower dose and I lost 14lbs in a month. 
The lower dose would suit me only.
  12. @LensLayovers: Lol if you can titrate up on a CNS, you'll be fine doing it on a GLP-1
  13. @ThroughHe: I’m 45, 5’8”, 180 lbs. I need to drop 15 lbs. I have large muscle mass. At 165 I’ll be about 12% body fat.
  14. @nissan300bhp: easy = money/.  im on glp-1. just did my first month 0.25 and i found it great. no side affects and lost 2 stone in 4 weeks(bare in mind- im eating extreme, food shake in the morning (400cals) and a chicken salad at dinner time and thats it.  ive just gone up to 0.5mg wengovy. im planning on staying on 0.5mg because i dont think i need the higher dose as 0.25mg is great for me. if you go it to medication with the right mind set you will see crazy changes.. its a great help for people like me with a huge food crave. it just goes away, its bonkers,, i mean i have a shake and a banana in the morning and at 5pm im having my dinner.. say a chkn salad or whatever.. its up you how anal you want to got it. i still enjoy my food but at the same time im not not bothered if i eat. the only time youm really know its time to eat is when you feel funky, light headed!!! but then at the same time if you have half a brain you will understand this and eat properly
  15. @remediosbarraza188: Why don’t no one ever talks about? It helps drop sugar levels in your body. What’s this made for in the first place
  16. @cherylstice520: Thank you !  Important information
  17. @ME-bm7gw: This was very helpful. Thank you.
  18. @Stayfocusforever: How to work on gut?
  19. @sumaiaak68: One thing worth adding: the "never under-eat" point applies differently depending on whether you're on sema vs tirz. semaglutide is GLP-1 only, tirzepatide hits GLP-1 and GIP together, which means appetite suppression can be more aggressive on tirz and under-eating becomes an easier trap to fall into without realizing it. i switched to compounded tirz through Form Blends after a plateau on sema and had to actually set a protein alarm because i genuinely forgot to eat enough. the mechanism difference matters for HOW you apply each of these 5 rules, not just whether you follow them.
  20. @sueshushanik6628: What about pill? I wish you would talk about the Wagovy Pill too.

- Three Months On A Fat Jab Was Enough | Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro ... An Easy Option?: Kind: captions Language: en since I began injecting myself with this a few months ago I've been told that I am weak lazy still out of shape anyway and now just a puppet for big farmer while I'm done listening to my wife I'm kidding of course she doesn't think I'm a puppet for big [Music] farmer this is my last video on the topic of fat Jabs half of you are now delighted probably thought the last week's return to cycling video meant no more of this stuff anyway ah and half of you are horrified because you find this topic fascinating and want more but here's the thing this channel is not a fitness channel or a fat jab Channel I'm afraid it's simply a what I'm doing Channel always has been fixing bikes riding bikes jogging snorkeling getting married moving house being godamn amazing I don't make content for any reason other than I enjoy telling stories about what I'm doing at that time so anyone saying Mark you should make videos about this or that or you shouldn't make videos about something you're just telling me what to do and unless you're my mummy and it's before 1987 you can't so because I've stopped using this there'll be no more on it but because I was using it till a few weeks ago you get my summing up of the experience it worked incredibly well for me would it for you no idea do I look like a doctor an expert a professional probably a little bit but I'm not so do not rely on me for anything at all to do with your health and well-being so what use is this summary well I can tell you what this isn't it's not for me an easy option I very much dislike having to inject anything into myself I had the same comments regarding trt testosterone replacement therapy people said it's an easy way to get in awesome shape without hard work that's why you do it no I take it because it's a very inconvenient but necessary medication that I need to feel okay hence why I never stopped taking it all last year while I wasn't training it is nothing to do with the gym for me in fact I don't like needing it or needing this or for that matter needing this but I do so I suck it up not literally metaphorically you do suck this one up we're getting distracted it is also not keto or low carb or Carnival or fasting or only eat organic Jam sandwiches with sour dough bread so many people said you don't need it you just need the amazing diet that they're on it does the same thing no it does not I've done all those diets not the jam one I have lived on meat I've done keto I've done fasting 168 24 48 hour fast I have done them all and I do know the incredible impact that they can have on regulating appetite but they are not this if you've never used this and you're telling someone who has you just need to follow Joe Rogan's eat an El a day diet you are wrong you're telling someone on more morine just try three paracetamol it's the same I wish you were right but this flicks off the desire to eat like no diet I've ever tried and it is not something I didn't need I've been on YouTube for a fraction of my adult life and what is depicted on here is a fraction of that time just because you saw me in good shape at some stage or in Peak Fitness at other times doesn't mean I don't have disordered eating issues and just because I have battled my into shape doesn't mean they went away doesn't mean I won I have been in and then out of shape my entire life real life not YouTube life my eating issues are up here it's not visible on Instagram and lastly it is not or at least it wasn't for me about actually losing weight oddly while taking this I did not bother counting calories looking at the scales really worrying in any way about any of that it was just about being able to eat like a normal person a regular amount of food do a regular amount of activity required to go about my day and have the two roughly balance themselves out so it worked for me and my other videos that I made while using it cover that better than I will here and also cover my eating issues history all I can do now is describe it as such and parents will understand this you ever find yourself driving your kid somewhere maybe they're 8 N9 10 years old they're on the back seat fighting shouting with each other driving you nuts you need to focus on what you're doing they won't let you you got nothing left in the glove box to throw at them you are out of options this it's the equivalent of pulling over and leaving them to walk home as you drive away calm in control there is peace maybe little Phil Collins on the stereo and this doesn't yell at you when you get home because that's irresponsible parenting you're a bad father go back and find them like a Four Mile ever killed anybody so this cleared my mind and it was wonderful it gave me peace from the constant thoughts of wanting to eat and it did so at a time of incredibly high stress because I was moving house which involved using lawyers who appeared to have got their qualifications from eBay in fact let me digress a moment in case you remember me moaning about my lawyers at the time you might be interested to know they recently agreed to settle my complaint against them which in a nutshell was you don't know how to be lawyers but offering compensation here was their first offer they said they would wave the outstanding bill that I still owed them I pointed out I don't owe you any money they said hm we'll think again their second offer of compensation was that they would pay for me the outstanding bill that I owed the Inland revenue for stamp Duty I pointed out I didn't owe them any money either they said damn this guy's good still unresolved still didn't overeat so why stop well my use was not not in keeping with how most in fact everybody is prescribed this drug what you are supposed to do is start on a tiny dose of 2 and A2 milligrams a week and then steadily increase it over a number of months building up to for some people as much as 15 milligrams per week and quite possibly remain on the drug long term the sort of people for whom that might be the reality of the type who would probably find themselves on the thick end of accusations that they are fat and stupid and looking only for an easy option yet if you think injecting 1550 m grams a week of this into yourself for goodness knows how long isn't easy anything it is you who may not be fat but is 100% stupid the potential gastrointestinal side effects of using drugs like this or asmic or wovi can be nasty and seem to occur relative to the dosage size this is not a fun drug this is not trt where you can ignore your doctor take your advice from some idiot on Tik Tok and jack up your dose to walk around feeling superhuman while posting photos graphs of yourself shirtless in the gym toilets to impress what you think is women but oddly is more likely just other men women not able to focus on your drug induced physique with the rhino in the background anyway I didn't take this drug the way you are supposed to I only ever took 2.5 milligrams a week and actually after a couple of months I stretched that out to 2.5 milligrams every 10 days that approach combined with the fact that this starts to lose its impact at those low levels after a few months meant that it's affect effect upon me started to taper off now many people told me what would then happen is that I would either discover I'd given myself pancreatic cancer or would return to Ben eting well haha neither a combination of using that period of time when my mind was peaceful as I described to really pay attention to what regular eating looked like for probably the first time in my life and the fact that where I've now moved to is very much removed from many of The Temptations I used to succumb to has meant I hardly noticed its effect wearing off at all there was definitely a couple of occasions where I ate a bit more than I would have done when I was first taking the drug but really I've been able to come off it with an incredibly soft Landing as it were I think I took a shot just before Christmas and then one around 10 days later so it would have been early January and that was it I actually planned to take another one mid January but I forgot and by the time I remembered was a couple of days ago seemed a bit pointless so there you go the end of my fat jab experience will I ever return to it in the future I doubt it but never say never would I recommend it well I rarely recommend anything here do your own research but if you do struggle with food or your weight or both do not discount it it is a tool to be considered if your actual experts you're discussing it with suggest you should and not doing so because of stuff you hear from people that have never taken it never will take it don't need to take it but heard from their favorite podcaster that it's a death Jab to let yourself be influenced by somebody with no idea what you're struggling with that is like being 5 fo three and unable to reach the cocoa pops on a high shelf in the supermarket so you do internet shopping instead and then feel rubbish about yourself because someone 6'6 tells you they do it by just sticking their arm out and grab whatever cereal they like and so you pick the easy option assuming that person lives in a house drives a car doesn't collect water from the river every day they are also grabbing a huge number of easy options constantly to make their life more pleasurable also if you're taking this you probably shouldn't be having cocoa pops anyway so pack that in and if you are that person making those comments to people whose struggles you know nothing about don't I get them all day every day and I don't give examples like this that I'm about to because they impact me personally I'm on YouTube my tolerance for idiots making comments is staggeringly high I give examples like this because I those people are also saying similar things to friends and family and loved ones and those people might actually be impacted today's comment again one of thousands it was you just need to inject yourself with some self-discipline what meaningless useless stupidity what possible value is that nonsensical gibberish if someone is 400 overweight and going to the fridge at 1:00 in the morning unable to stop themselves eating despite being ill from having spent all day eating how do you want them to implement your Genius advice because they clearly can't inject themselves with self-discipline that's nonsense what you really mean is have some self-discipline by which you really mean tell part of your brain to tell another part of your brain that really wants to do something to not do it the human brain especially the human brain of somebody struggling with addictive Tendencies it's not a keyboard you can't just type in instructions and have them be followed what's your Genius advice for drug addict they just shoot up some willpower that will help them forget their heroin's a bit moish there are millions of people dying from obesity or weight related illnesses if it was as simple as them just deciding to not be obese I can assure you there would be less of them your experience is not theirs acting like it is and assuming anyone can do whatever it is that you did doesn't make you a giver of good advice makes you a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this the solution to those millions of deaths I have have no idea but in the absence of the entire food industry being overhauled and governments around the world suddenly starting to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the health of the people they represent it's at least a solution just trotting out cute little onliners that bear up to absolutely no scrutiny is not a solution right done with that next week normal content returns including an update on the barn gym where things are about to start moving very quickly so like And subscribe for all that and my book book on parenting in PDF form coming soon someone get the dog the dog's got the pen get the the dog's got the pen

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrahamFootBicycleLover [212 likes]: Hi Mark, there is no way anyone needs a jab if they eat right. We have lived for years just fine wiothout any need for this stuff, the issue is... todays shit food. Sugar! 
Eat whole food only, never ever eat Super market food. Never eat white flour, rice, pasta. Its simple really.
  2. @benbaccas939 [1 likes]: I’m on it at the moment. Coming off is a big concern but I think I’ve gone into it eyes wide open. I didn’t expect the mental clarity when taking it. I had no idea how much I was thinking about food!
  3. @ChrisUK70: We are not on a level playing field with food anymore with engineered highly palatable food and cheap to buy. Hence Mounjaro and other similar drugs will be needed for a lot of people, loved the comment about 'Heroin being moorish' 🤣 Which highlights the issue nicely!
  4. @Heavysmoker123: "You jsut need to inject yourself with some self discipline" 100% that's all that is needed
  5. @tomingram621: Just started on Wegovy, only want to lose 10kg. I can relate to everything he says in this video, really useful for context and I hope to use the period of treatment to get snacking under control. Great stuff!
  6. @saraf9081: It helps doesn't cure but helps with dermatillomania
  7. @ToniG35: Hi Mark, congratulations on the weight loss. I am on Ozempic as well it really works. I’ve lost an amazing 85 ish pounds and I am feeling great!!!! Way more confidence and way more energy it’s awesome 😊
  8. @88Seabass88-n5n: Great content, thanks.
  9. @Timjacks01: I’m 12 weeks into using with great results.

It’s not easy, you still need willpower and you do feel like you are missing out a lot.

But it removes the cravings. Bit like an alcoholic no longer needing a drink
  10. @Amelia..B.B: Day 1 on Wegovey and binge watching videos to help me through this journey. I plan to eat healthily but NOT have tons of chocolate afterwards, which I normally do after every meal. My BMI is currently 34 and if I can become a healthy weight again, and beat my sugar addiction,  I'll be delighted. Also, plan to stay on a low dose.
  11. @DrRogB: Great video.
I found it very encouraging. As another large-framed man my experience of food has always been as you describe. 
I'm four months in and almost three stone down, so it really works for me, and I have stayed at the low 5mg dose, that's enough. 
Thanks.
  12. @BurbsDronevideography: 7:57 good old cemetery junction
  13. @Gryphyn3: I took ozempic for a year, the doc raised me to the highest dosage, not for weight loss but blood sugar control.   The problem was my stomach stopped digesting food fast enough and so the food rotted in my stomach causing me to violently throw up and violent diahrea .   It works great for controlling blood sugar, but you have to eat less on it to allow your stomach time to digest the food in your stomach.  Eat to much and you experience the side effects.     It is NOT a weight loss drug, so please stop saying it is.  It is a Blood Sugar control medication for diabetics.
  14. @andymeyers4332: I can't remember who said it but someone explained that people really into fitness count it as a part of what makes them special compared to other people. Now that other people can achieve weight loss without the same level of work seems to irk these folks because if they don't have their fitness to make them stand out, what's left for them? 

The way I explain it to anyone who questions it is simple. "Would you rather i continue as I was? Unable to reel my weight in, unable to control the food noise, unable to take control of any of that shit? is that what you want for me? Or instead, would you prefer to be happy for me that I'm losing weight i literally thought I was never going to be able to drop?"
  15. @deathforce2: 1.25 mg every 4 days, More then plenty, i keep seeing these high doses, people thinking more is better or faster
  16. @2Curlews: I have a mother and brother that are naturally slim and will put their fork down mid meal and say “all full.” They genuinely are satisfied. I’ve taken after my fathers physic which is more solid and I would always finish the meal. I didn’t know what that type of “satisfied” actually felt like because I could always have a little more, until I tried this drug. It was such a wonderful feeling. I was full. I would put my leftovers in the fridge and get on with life. I’m a very healthy eater and I work a very physical job, I just eat too much and my genes tell me to. This drug proved it.
  17. @roadwarrior8560: So glad I found your channel. I am in exactly the same boat so to speak, it has changed how I eat forever after just 2 months, I am going to taper off till April, and then try my best to stay fit and maintain the new lower weight I have reached by then,
I have lost 2,5 stone already in 9 weeks, eating quality food, walking and lifting weights and some heavy work thrown in.
  18. @Yeshorse: Awesome video Mark, started this and it is absolutely unreal for changing your habits
  19. @dougclark9921: As someone who has always been able to out-train the cravings, force myself to eat well and will myself into shape once a year for holidays, I was firmly in the "work harder" camp. 
What really changed that for me was mapping my average weight from 2006 to now and seeing a trend line that steadily climbed, with dips around the holidays. What I realised was that each holiday dip started a bit higher and a bit closer to the holiday and finished a bit heavier than the previous holiday. Each time I ran out of time for the holiday, I said, "Well, 19 stone is better than 22," "20 is better than 23 a few months back", etc., and was rightly proud of myself for doing it. I did that without noticing that the yoyo had started at 16 stone, where looking back, I had a physique I would kill for now. My profile pic is me at 18.5 stone and I still look pretty good then.
  20. @jeanhopman5659: I do think it would be very useful to know what happens after you stop taking it.Do you keepvhe weight off, Does the food noise return etc etc. Maybe give a brief update. This is the important information that we need.

- The Truth Behind Ozempic Face (Wegovy) | Doctor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en ozone big face it's been all over the news and social media it is literally the hottest drug it's a miracle it's too good to be true people like to think I took the easy way out it's really it's an unusual side effect of a zenpic and is there something you can do to avoid it today I'll be sharing with you the science behind it and if you're new here my name is Khalid I'm a family doctor working in London let's dive straight in now as Olympic also known as semiclutite is a medication used in type 2 diabetes it works by mimicking the effects of a hormone called glp1 in your body and that basically helps regulate your blood sugars and it can also help you lose weight wigovi is the same medication but a version of it made for non-diabetics and it's there to help weight loss now people who have been taking a zenbig have reported some unusual symptoms they describe a hollowed-out appearance of their face more wrinkles and lines across their face making them look older and loose saggy skin but the so-called exemptic face isn't exactly a side effect of the drug well not in a technical way you see anyone who has a massive weight loss quickly can have some of these features and that's irrespective if you're using a zenpick or we go V any other weight loss drug or even lost weight quickly yourself you may know friends or family who haven't lost that kind of weight and what happens well they have lots of saggy skin so what is this a big face well this phenomena is a result of excessive weight loss when you lose weight you start to lose the stores of fat around your body so the classic places we know about fat is your belly fat but you also have fat in like other parts of your body your visceral fat is fat around your vital organs you can also get fat across your face and that gives you your natural aesthetic when we lose weight quickly our skin hasn't had enough time to adjust to those body changes so this may cause loosening of skin saggy skin especially in areas where there's lots of fat or muscle before the weight loss the elasticity of your skin is largely determined by collagen and elastin fibers in the skin and also collagen provides this kind of structural support for your skin while elastin allows it to stretch and bounce back into place and so when we gain weight the skin stretches out to accommodate the additional fat and tissue and collagen in custom fibers may become damaged or degraded over time and this may make the skin less able to retract after weight loss resulting in loose saggy skin but it's not a simple formula that if you are overweight eventually when you lose the weight you're going to get loose skin you see there are lots of factors for our skin stretching ability age genetics ethnicity the amount of weight loss the speed at which you've lost the weight and also your General Health older adults may have less elastic skin and those who lose a large amount of weight quickly are more likely to experience loose skin than those who lose weight gradually one important caveat is that there are also non-prescribed use of the drug for lots of people since its approval in the U.S for example we go V for weight loss and unfortunately we've also seen the rise of like celebrities using it like everybody's favorite billionaire who's so relatable and lots of people have jumped on the bandwagon without thinking about how it should be used the side effects making sure it's under professional monitoring if a zenpick is prescribed by a healthcare professional we normally monitor the dosing and regulate it the aim would be to have a sustained weight loss but avoid dramatic weight loss that can impact the fat in your face this way you avoid getting loose saggy skin across the face and that classic as epic face and so it's important to have a modest plan to lose weight and give the skin more time to adjust to the changes of your body size and shape but also to do some strengthening exercises can also help build muscle mass and improve overall firmness and the tone of your skin but the important takeaway that I would like you to know about this is both for example these are drugs that can help with weight loss but it's so important to make sure you have lifestyle changes that go with it so healthy diet exercise and it's not for an easy go-to option that you can take before a wedding or a holiday or a special event you have to have a balance plan and monitoring to help you get the best outcomes and if you just use it for a quick fix or weight loss as soon as you stop using it the weight loss can bounce back click on this next video in which I explain exactly how azempic and wigovi works and why you might gain weight once you stop using it as always thank you for watching drop any questions you have in the comments below hope you have a lovely day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @bxstar5276 [20 likes]: Stop the flashing lights!
  2. @doctorkhalid [8 likes]: Ask your Ozempic questions below. If you want to learn more about how these drugs work - this video will help ➤➤➤➤  https://youtu.be/-zF_mb3ITyE
  3. @Trozzo [2 likes]: Juat eat less. Have some self discipline and make healthy choices
  4. @JoeJosJourney [1 likes]: The problem is that if people could exercise and eat healthy in the first place, most likely they would not have unhealthy weight issues. So Ozempic ends up nearly always in the hands of people who will use it poorly.
  5. @TWSummary [1 likes]: This is not true I lost over 30 kilos in 6 months the right way went from 30 BMI to 11 percent body fat. And my face looked young as hell. 

I did it with proper weight loss. Diet (clean eating) and gymming. So yes this drug makes people look like zombies.
  6. @Jimi-HendrixJr [1 likes]: Why the flashing lights?
  7. @UrmoMurro [1 likes]: There is no such thing as "ozempic face"! Any radical weight loss causes this, in fact, sometimes this face is completely natural result of aging, but loss of fat makes it visible, and rapidly so. "Ozempic face" is now favored word in plastic  surgeons vocabulary. I repeat: There is no ozempic face and has never been.
  8. @dalequale9365: I dropped 30 lbs in 6 months on paleo low carb and activity 🏋️‍♀️. The appetite control was unexpected.
Glp1 annoys me as a short cut. Just saying 🤔
  9. @CitrusLife-f3d: Thanks for the facts!
  10. @kevinvoss220: It’s also eats at your muscles within five years. Everyone that is taking this will have massive muscle related problems and within 10 years you will be bound up in a wheelchair. I guarantee it.
  11. @Qadr_Nadhir: Assalamu Alaikum Brother Ramadan Mubarak Thank you for the information
  12. @kevinwind7910: Doctors love when you loose weight quick, possibility to profit off future ailments go uppp!
  13. @kevinwind7910: Doctors love when you loose weight quick, possibility to profit off future ailments go uppp!
  14. @mikecapuano: your scene transitions are fucking horrific.  flashbangs non stop.  insanely hard to watch the video
  15. @ala-bp9lj: Ozempic gives you wiiiiiiiiiings
  16. @ZajNkaujNo: If you exercise, how would it help someone’s face though? Exercise tones up the body. That’s what I don’t get. Unless there’s a way to exercise the face.
  17. @Tabatha-k1u: Lost 35lbs so far 45 lbs to go face aged 10 years butt is gone stomach here to stay and not budging
  18. @Nostalgic90s765: Thank you.  There is no such thing as ozempic face.  It's weight loss face pure and simple.
  19. @BethAgee: ɴᴀʜ.. ᴍᴇ ʟᴀᴜɢʜɪɴɢ ᴡʜᴇɴ ɪ ʜᴇᴀʀᴅ ᴛʜᴀᴛ- sᴇʀɪᴏᴜsʟʏ-- 🫣🫣
  20. @chantellebodie2103: Iam having breakouts little pimples on my face make me look a little older. Could that be from the weight loss shot? I’m taking the compound.

- How long does it take to lose weight on Wegovy: Kind: captions Language: en wondering how long it takes to lose weight on wegovi hi I'm Claire physician assistant and weight loss expert here at 4. the time it takes takes to lose weight on wegovi really varies person to person one study showed that on average people lost about six percent of their body weight by week 12 lost about 10 of their body weight by week 20 and lost about 15 of their body weight by the one year mark it is important to note that in this study wigovi use was combined with healthy dietary and physical activity changes we go the dosing starts at a very low dose it starts at 0.25 milligrams once a week for a month and then each month the dose is escalated as long as the patient is tolerating it okay the maximum dose is 2.4 milligrams weekly so we'll start losing weight right away on the very lowest Doses and for some people they have to get to the higher doses before they start noticing that weight loss benefit if you're interested in building a comprehensive weight management plan with expert support along the way visit formhealth.co to get started

  Top Comments:
  1. @kailastrouse586 [5 likes]: My dose is 0.25 for 12 weeks

- I Tried The “Miracle” Fat Jab | Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro - Drugs For The Lazy?: Kind: captions Language: en this is Manjaro sounds like a spin-off from jangi to make Kevin Hart richer but it actually belongs to a group of medications including AIC and wovi commonly referred to by many as Jabs for fat lazy people and celebrities well I've tried it and call me fat and lazy if you like but the results have been absolutely incredible although not necessarily in the way that you would think also if you do want to regard me as a minor celebrity I'll take that too excuse the mess I'm moving house now a while ago I watched this video from James Smith a fitness influencer that I have some actual time for mainly because he doesn't devote his days to flashing his nipples in twoo small clothing to try and secure endorsements from companies selling you junk I was supposed to take this for a month but I had to stop after 2 weeks because I lost too much weight so he used semaglutide as found in as zic and wovi and had in a week a complete change in his weight which over a week doesn't mean that much but more interestingly in how he felt about food after taking some of glutide I thought I'd feel sick all the time but I just felt not really bothered by food which was completely new to me and then throughout the summer I've been getting emails from people either saying they are using one of these products and getting great results but feel bad about relying on it or that they're interested in approaching their doctor to discuss them but they're hesitant to do so because again they feel bad about relying on it because they know public opinion on these is not always great what did I think and I had no answer for them my gut reaction was it it seems like a weird shortcut when you just need to find a way of implementing a correct balance of calories in and calories out do we really need big farmer to keep us away from Big Max see what I did there so I tried it for 6 weeks and coming up why I did it how I did it what I expected what actually happened and what next and if you say monjaro three times while looking in the mirror does the rock appear now as always I'm not a doctor I'm not a fitness expert in fact I'm not an expert in anything and I never advise that you do what I do I simply do what I like because I'm a grown-up and I then invite you to watch for entertainment purposes think of me like you would the people that jump off of cliffs wearing MC Hammer's pants or the ones Swimming with Sharks they're not always doing things that are wise but they're not expecting you to copy them either so why I have spoken many times about my disordered I have been very overweight in the past and it has always been down to something up here encouraging me to eat when I don't really want to eat we're not talking an extra cheeky cookie we're talking an extra three packs of cookies at 4:00 in the morning despite feeling like crap because I spent all day eating cookies cake is my weakness now people talk about excess weight being a result of a lack of self-control no willpower the problem is the brain where all that good stuff comes from it's the same brain saying saying cookie I often describe it as not an issue of weakness up here but rather an infuriating excess of strength the part of my brain wanting har andas when it shouldn't is simply stronger than any other part I may actually have 10% more willpower than the average person but if my compulsion to eat is at twice normal levels I'm screwed strength is my weakness historically I've used ridiculous amounts of exercise and short periods of being able to rain in that part of my brain doing naughty things to get in shape they say you can't outtrain a bad diet if you run across enough mountains you can have a pretty good stab at it but this year has been tricky a combination of injuries and then pending house move has made regular exercise almost non-existent for me and the stress associated with that situation has done nothing but fuel my cookie consumption desire it's been tough when I eat a regular amount I'm disappointed I did not eat more when I eat more I'm disappointed I ate more it's not fun I'm not looking to have my cake and eat it I'm sick of wanting to eat cake how did I do it well in the UK monjaro it can be prescribed online if you're obese and thanks to the wonders of the BMI system my weight crept into obese almost I'm 6'6 and a fraction under obese at 6'5 and the same weight I would qualify so I slouched don't judge me they're jumping off cliffs I filled out the online questionnaire had to send a photograph myself looking obese and slouching and desperate like a weirdo trying to get onto a kids ride at a theme park and within a couple of days my prescription arrived in the form of a pen that administers 2.5 migrs a week after 4 weeks you get a prescription for a pen that gives you 5 Mig and then 7 and half milligram working your way up to a 15 MGR regular dose now buckle up if you're in America typical cost here is between1 and2 200 a month Americans are paying thousands for me I'm not kidding I saved money over the last 6 weeks by not buying takeaways in fact one of the side effects of this drug is that there's now a deliveroo driver out of work what did I expect I expected the process to be easy the pens are idiot proof there's a needle on the end a few millimeters long you stick it into belly fat and you literally can't feel it so what you got to do is you got to bring the needle down and it's stabbing motion but I expected the results to be scary I had read a lot online about the possibility of being quite ill a physical effect on the body of using these is a slowing of the digestive system and consequently that can give some people gastrointestinal distress I'm no fan of gastrointestinal distress so my greatest worry was having some of it I was definitely interested to see if it had an impact on how I felt about food but no my main expectation was that it would make me feel ill and I would eat less because I was feeling ill and then that would be it so given that was my expectation was it even sensible to proceed was the risk too high I don't know those guys don't even have a spare parachute what happened I took the jab 8:00 p.m. Friday night I went to bed hopeful that I would not wake up Saturday morning surrounded by gastrointestinal distress and I woke up fine and the first few days are then hard to judge CU I was very very cautious to only eat modest amounts of simple Foods on a regular basis my head had been filled with these horror stories some people eating as they normally would and then feeling quite unwell as a result with hindsight I'm wondering if the large number of quite large people using these products skewed the feedback on the implications of eating normally not everyone's normal is the same so I ate less than my normal probably lost a bit of weight but I don't think we can count that given I was restricting myself through fear and then I realized something quite weird was going on around day four or five first of all I still felt completely fine in fact I no longer felt stuffed much of the time because I wasn't stuffed much of the time so actually I felt pretty good but more significantly I wasn't thinking about food on occasions if my wife had not reminded me I could easily have forgotten to eat James said the same thing in his video after taking some of glutide I thought I'd feel sick all the time but I just felt not really bothered by food which was completely new to me I felt with control I have never forgotten to eat meals before I have once forgotten one of my kids when they were 3 years old left them walking around the supermarket didn't realize till I got home and my wife went nuts but I've never forgotten to eat meals before and I wasn't snacking in between I was just eating and thinking about eating normally for the first time in ever as I say I've had periods of very controlled eating before but it's been in conjunction with having to permanently resist the desire to eat here I just had no huge desire to eat I wasn't fighting against any compulsions I was free from them week two 3 4 that just continued I had one day on week two where I felt a little bit queasy for a few hours but that was it and as someone quite able to wrap through 5 or 6,000 calories in a single takeaway I can assure you I felt far more queasy far more often than I did here it genuinely was mindblowing how in just a matter of days my whole thought process around food had changed and daily I was experiencing scenarios I could just never have imagined before I was going on long car Journeys and eating maybe a small packet of peanuts instead of an absolute barrage of junk food I was buying petrol without picking up snacks at the same time when crisp and dips and stuff was put in front of me at friends houses when socializing I just had no interest beyond having maybe a couple I wasn't fighting the urge to eat I wasn't trying to keep those thoughts at Bay they just did not exist and it was it is wonderful in the last 6 weeks I have not had any feelings of guilt from having overindulged and I've not felt ill from having overindulged I've enjoyed food more than I can remember cuz I would sit down for a meal physically hungry but not mentally hungry if that makes sense so the food would taste great and it would not be lessened by the fact that it was being consumed by someone who had had a snack half an hour before and I would finish the meal without any of the negative feelings associated with either having a second third or fourth helping or not having a second third or fourth helping and therefore being disappointed that I didn't I was simply leaving the table content if you have never experienced any sort of compulsive or addictive behavior it's quite hard to explain what an absolute relief it is to just have them vanish did I lose Lo weight yes plenty but here's the weird thing I've paid almost no attention to whether or not I was losing weight in the past I would fixate upon that because I was constantly looking for an upside to the 24/7 downside of depriving myself here had I lost no weight at all I would still regard this as being an incredible thing to have done if only for the food noise to have been turned off in my head which has allowed me in this period of clarity to completely reassess my relationship with food and my understanding what normal healthy food consumption looks like and feels like I took some footage for this video but I almost regard that physical change and I should point out I'm not yet where I want to be but I'm certainly a step on from when I started this I regard that change as being a handy side effect of this drug that fixed my head what next well interestingly at the 4we point I was told my prescription could increase to the 5 milligrams on its way up to that larger dose but I told him I just take the two and a half again please so I'm still taking this tin tiny amount will I continue I don't know will those people car on Annoying sharks maybe now there are some studies around on longer term use on these medications and they sometimes show a high level of obesity reoccurrence and also muscle loss during the treatment period they're the things I've heard Lots about but it's worth bearing in mind the studies are typically done on very obese people with zero history of exercise and Healthy Living it's not a huge surprise that many of them return to their old ways if they're ignorant of alternatives turning off food noise is like making your child studying for their exams turn off the TV they still need to actually study once everything is quiet in short if those studies were done on some people that did some resistance training and received some education I had a function now that they were able to use that knowledge I expect we'd have slightly different outcomes I certainly anticipate a positive long-term outcome for me but forget about me for a moment here is why I'm making this video it's to answer the question that people were asking me who are using these types of medications or thinking of I'm worried about public opinion screw public opinion if you consult with your doctor and they deem it to be a safe and appropriate course of action listen to your doctor do not listen to some Muppet yelling eat less move more on the internet because when you're in hospital dying from one of the many things that being significantly overweight can help you die from peace of mind that you didn't upset Nigel the Jim brro on Tik Tok will not keep you alive unfortunately a lot of people just do not have a clue and the little research I did this morning online just to get a feel for public opinion right now I see the same old stuff you don't need it you just need to exercise or eat like this or eat like that or you're lazy or you're looking for an easy solution you need to understand that no matter how cathartic you might find it to shout at an obese person that they're stupid and should put down the donut it doesn't stop them being obese if it did that would actually be very handy we could all go out and find an obese person each and yell at them suddenly the statistics which show the majority of people are overweight many of them are obese and it's killing them in their million those statistics would reverse in the UK the National Health Service would suddenly have just staggering amounts of spare money because they're not treating heart disease and cancer and type two diabetes caused by poor diet and you get to yell at the fat person and feel Superior to win-win except it isn't because it turns out that does not work if you need really good evidence of that look covid we didn't yell at fat people we watch many of them die and yet today more people are overweight than ever if death isn't a motivator no amount of Fitness influence is yelling about thermodynamics on Instagram is going to help and for every person out there now saying will it help me that's amazing the statistics do not lie though you are in a minority but you live in the society filled with everybody else it doesn't benefit you for a large number of everybody to be staggeringly unhealthy feeling smug that you nailed it but then when you start doing CrossFit you can't get to your local accident emergency cuz there's three people ahead of you suffering heart attacks feeling smug will not deal with your concussion and if you think the solution is intermittent fasting or Carnival diet or Zone 2 training or plant-based or hybrid or just improve your morning routine pick anything you like and many of those things are amazing beneficial things to be doing but if you think they're the solution to the global obesity crisis you falling on your head too many times that's not a CrossFit joke that's serious go walk up and down your High Street look at the majority of people who are too fat and tell me how you're going to get them onto Whole Foods and coal plunging without doing so in different to what we have been doing to help those people so far so if there is a means of those people facilitating their ability to control what they eat they should be applauded not derided and this notion that it's just an easy way out no it's not these drugs do not let you eat pizza and still lose weight they help you not eat the pizza people are saying it's just calories in it's calories out I know people on these drugs stuff less calories in if you can achieve that without the need for medication that's brilliant if someone else can't let them fix it I can't run a marathon without my asthma inhaler should I try anyway to avoid the easy solution and yes there are side effects but those side effects have to be considered against the side effects of being obese which is death for millions of people and a crappy quality of life on the way to that early grave also realize all medications have potential side effects even something like ibuprofen has them we take that for headache when I started this whole process I researched it a lot and I read about headaches dizziness nausea vomiting blood in your vomit black poo I thought I'm never taking ibuprofen again it's also interesting that a large amount of the negative commentary is coming from those quite content with their body shape and already existing within the fitness bubble a bubble where there's just a huge number of people taking all manner of pharmaceutical interventions in order to achieve popularity and fame and fortune wow and good luck to them again grown-ups do what you like but you can't hold up Mr Olympia as a hero for making his body completely abnormal with large amounts of drugs while attacking chubby Bob for making his normal with a jab into his belly once a week and if you think Bob is Now setting a bad example for others who might regard his approach as a fast track to look in the way they'd rather check out the number of teenagers doing steroids before we get too bogged down in bad examples so should everybody that's overweight jump on medication to allow them to achieve and maintain contentment along with a healthy size no idea should everyone have a girl base jumping I'm not your mom figure it out yourself I just thought it might be interesting to hear what I tried with no expertise but a healthy understanding of how we are losing the Obesity battle and doing nothing about that because we live in Echo chambers of our own preconceived ideas and opinions is a disaster already happening next week sharks [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlesbukenya2054: I wish my mom who died of obesity was around when this is available. I would have put her on it.
  2. @kantrunwetmepants7414: It was made for type 2 diabetes, so not everyone on it is a tubby bugger or a Celeb lol.
  3. @newtotheseam: week one done one Mounjaro - I genuinely don't have food noise, or I didn't think so. I have a very active life, I'm a decorator and plasterer, I eat whole foods and cook a Mediterranean diet. A couple of weeks ago I stayed with a friend, both of us are dieting, she is 5'10 and 12 stone, I am 5'7 and was 13st 8. We walked the same(ish)  10000 steps I actually walked for an hour because I had travelled to her house - ate exactly the same food of salads, protein, fruit and counted every calorie to 1500kcal including a big glass of wine. Following day she had lost 2lb I had gained 4lbs and continued to gain for the rest of the week totalling 8lbs in a week on 1200 - 1500kcal a day and 20000 or more steps a day. The next Friday I went on  Mounjaro and I have lost 1-2lb a day, no hunger one big meal a day and fruit which is very normal. I don't overeat, I've not had a Maccy D's in 10 years, I don't eat takeaways or chips and I am coelic so no bread and have a normal healthy diet. I am eating between 700 - 1200 kcal a day using Frive meal prep to help count calories. next week I'm working again decorating for 2 weeks so this will be a test to see how much food I need while I work without the rumbling stomach. I have no food cues whatsoever so structure is important, I am combining this with IF and lots of fruit.
  4. @davelockyer3564: I’ve been on diet and exercise programs for obesity since I was 12 years old. Juicing , weight watchers , low fat , you name it. Entire time the food noise was  constant, but I would white knuckle through it from starting weights as high as 153 kilograms getting down to weights as low as 62 kilograms. 
The food noise would be driving me crazy and the only way it stopped was to go back to the former eating habits. 
My wife suggested I try ozempic but doctor said with my weight and eating habits Mounjaro was a better fit and he was right.
8 months later I have lost 39 kilograms but there is voice/ noise in my head telling me to eat until I’m stuffed. 
If you’re like me and done all the other stuff that doesn’t work , ignore the wanker influencers and  go talk to your doctor about Mounjaro-IT TOTALLY TURNED MY LIFE AROUND
  5. @kimcatchpole1665: Wegovy is crap I gained weight not lost and  had a appetite
  6. @lucky55slevin75: the real problem is the shit what is in the food and drink and the misleading labels...... the worst offenders are the big companies , so good luck cleaning that up.
  7. @a1ahello: I'm sick of wanting to eat cake 🎂 😄 🤣 😂 LOL
  8. @claytonschiewek: Not for the lazy.  For those who lack discipline and bad diets
  9. @geo2472: Thank you.
  10. @Heavysmoker123: It wont be free if you get slim using this, you will pay down the line somehow....just eat well and workout
  11. @almaarnold7332: Thankyou,. I have diabetes and have been fighting this addiction for many a year. Even in this dangerous position food is still paramount. I was afraid to take this drug but now i think i might have to because despite my many efforts the side of me that is addicted is winning!
  12. @MariaMirabelaMyMounjaroJourney: If you are being monitored by a professional and the dose is adjusted to fit your body, the benefits are real. Who benefits from fat covering all vital organs anyway, right?? 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6MgY7yfh-9EvBGvjgwHbEQ
  13. @dzmalekvali1110: Indeed 👍
  14. @lalalala99661: I started two days ago taking nevolat it's the same as vegovy and I can absolutely 100% agree that I also miracly got my food noise switch turned off. That's so wonderful and freeing. I now really think naturally skinny people don't have that food noise at all in the first place. I never could imagine how of a difference live can be without that food noise.
  15. @cameronobrien7980: Some weight loss drugs are actually covered by insurance companies in America. I pay 40 dollars a month for my prescription of wegovy
  16. @kentofmississippi: From my experience you still have to diet and exercise off every single calorie. Its not an "easy way out" it corrects a severe hormonal disruption and gives you the will power to do it right, finally. The influencers just want you to suffer and do it the "right" way because it helps their bottom line and gives them view when they shame the people whose lives are finally changing for the better with the help of this medication.
  17. @walley2637: for me, its not that i am lazy, but i have arthritis in my feet and acid reflux that feels like a heart attack when i become too active. I lost a bit of weight but that hit a plateau. i just started the shot a few days ago and hoping it can help.
  18. @coachbigb925: Taking way too long to get to the point brother. Thanks for the insight but it took way too long to get to the point.
  19. @billybunter5575: very straight forward commentery thanks.
  20. @SERVICETOSUMMIT: Very important video this.  Well done and a very significant message extremely well delivered.  👏👏👏💯

- Why You Regain Weight After Wegovy or Zepbound | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en when you stop taking a medication like OIC or Zep bound are you going to regain all of that weight that you lost well if we look at the data from this study with wovi it looks like the answer is probably yes as you can see the individuals on the blue line there were the ones that were taking wovi for the first part of the study they were doing really well lost a ton of weight and then at the dash line there they got wovi taken away and as you can see there was a very rapid and quick weight regain so I don't know about you but based on that result it looks like yeah you're going to regain the weight and you're going to regain it quickly but because well there is always a but when we look at some of the newer trials that some of you have sent to me and asked me to review we maybe see a little bit of a different picture and in fact we've got a brand new study that was published here in January of 2024 that well looking at the title there it looks pretty promising many patients maintain weight loss a year after stopping liraglutide and semaglutide now the title itself could probably use a little work but that's besides the point so what the authors of this study found was that when individuals took either seatide also known as wovi or log glutide also known as saxenda there's a ton of names out there now it's very confusing but but anyways when they stopped taking those medications they then looked at them one year after they had stopped and they found that over half in fact 56% of the individuals had actually maintained the weight that they lost and they may have even lost more weight on the flip side 18% of the individuals actually regained the weight that they lost on the drug and some of them even regained even more weight past that Baseline what they originally were at I mean dang damn Daniel as an aside I actually have no idea where that Meme or reference really comes from I've just had so many people use that reference to me or say it to me I think I'm using it right but who knows you kind of get the point right now the data of this study does look promising but unfortunately it had a number of limitations and really this study or report is kind of more closely what it would be considered really didn't have the rigor and in-depth analysis that we usually require for a really good quality observational trial further the cut off that they used to include people in their analysis people just had to lose an amount of at least 5 lbs to get included so basically someone had to just take saxenda or wovi lose 5 lbs and then the medication was stopped and then they were followed up one year later and they just had to maintain that 5B weight loss or more over that period of time so my problem here is is that well don't get me wrong it is challenging to maintain a weight loss of 5 PBS but maintaining a weight loss of around 5 pounds or so is going to be much easier to do without the medication compared to the 20 to 50 pounds that individuals were losing in say the randomized rigorous randomized controlled trials with say Z bound or wovi so that of course brings up the question well what do we see when we look at the randomized controlled trials that are much better and higher quality studies and hey if you already haven't done so and you're getting some value out of my videos don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below so you don't miss another episode and plus you make me feel super good inside when I see my subscriber numbers go up but also check out my YouTube membership page where you can sign up and join my group there where you can ask me specific questions as well I do members only lives once a month where you can ask all of you your specific questions and I will answer them in real time and of course thank you for the ongoing support well fortunately for us there was a randomized control trial that was also published in January of 2024 that was looking at Zep bound this trial was called the surmount 4 trial so what they did in the surmount 4 trial is they gathered up about 700 individuals they all had obesity and at the start they gave everyone tier zepeti AKA maero AKA Zep bound for a period of 36 weeks after 36 weeks what they did is they then split everybody into two groups group one got to continue on with tier eptide whereas group two was then given a placebo and they Then followed these individuals for another 52 weeks or one year to see what happened with their weights and something that I think is very important and I want to point out here because people have asked this question about the regain aspect of things is that everybody from start to to finish within this trial was given counseling on dietary and activity patterns and they were told to aim for a calorie deficit of about 500 calories per day and to do about 150 minutes of activity per week as kind of their minimum so what exactly did the surmount 4 trial investigators actually find well it was very much as you would expect in the first 36 weeks as you can see there everybody lost weight things were looking really good and then at the dash line there everybody then got split into two groups and as you can see the individuals that got the placebo ultimately started to gain weight whereas the individuals that got to keep on the teer epatite actually continued to lose more weight and ultimately at the end of the trial the individuals that stayed on tis epatite lost a total of about 26% of their Baseline weight and the people in the placebo group with the loss and then regain only lost on average 99.5% of their Baseline weight so even though they were switched they still lost more weight and were able to keep some of that weight off after one year of stopping the drug and I know if we look at these results alone they look a little bit dismal and again they further reinforce that actually maybe you're going to regain that weight if you were to stop the medication but I've got another butt so when we actually take a closer look at some of the data here and I have another lovely little graph to show you in this graph here we've got the two bars we've got the tepati group in the blue we've got the placebo group in the gray and what this is showing is the percentage of individuals within each group that was able to maintain at least 80% of the weight that they lost in that first 36 we period one year after stopping the drug and as you can see the people in the tepati group there was a heck of a lot more of them up with Wards of 90% that were able to maintain their weight loss for another year while being on the tepati whereas the individuals in the placebo group there was only about 16.6% of individuals that were able to maintain the weight they lost in that first 36 we period one year after stopping the drug and so to give you some perspective 16.6% was about 55 individuals were from this trial in that placebo group that were able to Main maintain the weight that they lost and perhaps they even lost more weight after stopping TI zepeti and going onto the bipo for the next 52 weeks and hey if you are starting or currently on your weight management journey and you're looking for another resource to potentially help you out check out my links down below where you can put in your email address and you will be sent my food journal that'll give you the breakdown and details of what you should be looking at when you're tracking your food and more looking at what are your feelings before and after meals to give you a lot more insight as to what's happening on the psychological side of things as well as the emotional and kind of delve into some of the finer details to help you make changes long term again check out the links Down Below in the description as well as in my first comment there so what does this mean then well even in a more rigorous and well-controlled trial individuals in that placebo group that were no longer onti epetite were in fact able to maintain most of the weight that they lost in that first 36 weeks and after stopping the medication and as an FYI looking at the step four trial which specifically was focused on wovi we found some very similar results with about 15% of individuals maintaining their loss after stopping wovi now when we go back to that other trial I was talking about were 56% of the individuals maintain the weight that they lost 56% compared to 16 15.6% well there's a pretty large gap between those two numbers and as this amount for trial was a much more higher quality more rigorous and controlled study ultimately the actual results that we'll probably see are going to be closer to that number of 16.6% in real life but we also need to keep in mind that that 16.6% of people that maintained their loss was also done in like a perfect study environment where they were getting kind of um standardized follow-ups and touch points and education and stuff like that so when we even zoom out to actual real life data and get you know individuals that are every day maybe getting prescribed the medication by their family doctor or something and not having those supports well the results and the number of people that are going to be able to maintain that weight after stopping a drug is probably going to be a lot lower than that 16.6% and in fact anecdotally in my practice I would say it's probably closer to about 5 to 10% of individuals after stopping the drug are able to maintain the weight that they lost while on the drug so to bring everything back to that original question as to whether you're going to regain the weight that you lost after stopping one of these drugs the short answer is that for a large majority of people yes you indeed are probably going to regain the weight back for a very small minority of people you might be able to maintain the weight that you lost there's obviously going to be a huge number of different factors that are going to play into it but ultimately maintaining that lost weight is really well the odds are not in your favor and so this is why in my practice I recommend that people stay on these medications long term and I mean if you think about it it's very much like any other diet plan or program that you've done in the past what ultimately has happened when you stop that diet plan or program you usually gain that weight back of course though if someone wants to come off of the medication or they have to come off of the medication or what have you I am there to support them to do it in the best and most efficacious way possible and we will do the appropriate measures to do it in a safe and effective Manner and hopefully increase their chances of maintaining most of the weight that they have lost so that is it and that is all you beautiful people I hope that finally answers the question of whether you're going to regain the weight after you stop this drug as I said a small minority of you might be able to keep the weight off but I would not put my money that you're that one individual that could potentially do it and that isn't because there is some flaw or something wrong with you it's just because you are dealing with Biology and well biology is always going to win and so it would be really effing hard and I feel I'm probably going to have to do a video on why you regain the weight as well how can you come off of this drug and maintain the the weight that you lost in a safe and effective manner so you'll definitely have to stay tuned and if you haven't already done so you should probably hit that subscribe button down below as well join my email list so that you know when one of those videos comes out and you ultimately don't miss it as well check me out on my other channels at the official Dr Dan I'm on the tick the talk the gram where you can check out my more day-to-day content as well don't forget my YouTube membership page again this is an honor goinging support for myself where I provide my members answers to their specific questions as well as doing member only lives once a month where I answer all of your specific questions in real time and of course if there is any questions or comments I do my best to try to answer them all but you can feel free to drop them down below as well and of course as I always sign off always remember that it's going to be the small tweaks that lead to the massive Peaks yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @Edward_Strong1982 [13 likes]: I lost 27 lbs on Wegovy in one month. Never gained it back 🙃. BUT I was already on a fitness journey and had lost quite a bit on my own prior and my eating habits were under control. I’m on zepbound now and it’s going great.The main issue IMO is that it has to be a lifestyle change. Yes if you stop taking it and go back to what you were doing prior it will all come back quickly. And also DO NOT STARVE YOURSELF. It’s the worse thing you can do to your body. Just eat normal healthy meals. I’ve heard of people eating applesauce instead of food and that’s insanity.
  2. @ragebait_cat [11 likes]: Dont let this clown discourage you. Ive lost 125 pounds on zepbound and have kept it off for 10 months now. It all comes down to regular exercise that you love and eating a balanced diet with lots of protein. Remember this isnt a miracle drug its a tool that you use to achieve your goal and once you come off the medication just keep doing what you were doing and you shouldn’t worry about regaining. You can do this keep pushing and you will achieve your goal.
  3. @theofficialdrdan [3 likes]: Thanks for watching! Download my FREE 7-Day Best Weight Journal: http://eepurl.com/gdB2qn
  4. @dbossway [3 likes]: I regained the 96lbs that I lost. I used Mounjaro for 7 months.  I was confident that it was okay to stop taking it. I couldn’t afford it after my coupon expired.
  5. @Telesia-ii7pf [3 likes]: Yes, you will. I gained a pound a day and gained 25 pounds in less than a month. I was on trizepatide. You will regain it quickly, and it has nothing to do with food because I would have to eat a shit ton of food to gain a pound a day. I tried exercising, and now I am fasting basically starving for 16 hours a day. So by doing that, the weight gain stopped, but I am not losing. So at least I stopped the pound a day. I lost 35 pounds on the. drug and was plateauing for a year, and it took like 6 months to lose that 35 pounds, only to gain 25 pounds back in a month. I am in my mid-40s, and I put that weight on so fast after stopping, and I can't lose it again. It is frustrating. I am taking adipex now and still. not losing the 25 pounds I gained so fast after stopping the medications. Oh and I paid out of pocket, so that's thousands out of pocket and down the drain.
  6. @angelastewart6584 [2 likes]: How do you stay on a medication long term if it’s over $1100 per month?  I’m doomed!!
  7. @Almondjoy1 [1 likes]: They want you to stay on the drug forever. Thus the study.
  8. @PJ-wt5mq [1 likes]: I was on Mounjaro and Zepbound for over 2 years lost over 40/50 pounds. Insurance stopped paying in 2023 and I went from 160-200 in 7 months. Starting 2025, BlueShield is no longer paying. I went from 160 in January, about to go weigh in at Weight Watchers to begin my 6 week tracking to become LifeTime (Free membership) due to  reaching my gool weight of 164 on Feb 7th to increasing to 175 on Valentine’s Day Feb 14th to 190 on Feb 21st. My feet, legs, body were so swollen and hurting I went to the doctor. I am so sad. About to take Meloxicam though Dr. said don’t take daily due to kidney/liver and I have to wait until Wednesday for bloodwork. I joined Medvi and Mochi, and took 5mg dose of 10ml in right thig today as it arrived yesterday (4ml vial of 10ml dose). It has to be the GLP controlling water weight because though I have a serious appetite now, we aren’t eating enough to gain that much so fast.
  9. @lucachichua8489: I've lost over 45 kg with the use of Wegovy and have maintained, even decreased my weight slowly, after stopping my medication. This, of course, was thanks to maintaining a consistent routine in the gym and also having a relatively healthy diet.
  10. @natashawilliams8702: Your  video was very discouraging.
  11. @aguadelanoche4971: I had gastric sleeve so i might not gain any back
  12. @ebbiketrip2497: It’s the answer whether you loose it on Wegovy or naturally.
  13. @Mr_NB628: So we have only seen studies with Ozempic? What about Zepbound?
  14. @qjay7549: 6:24 but i've got another butt 🗣🗣🔊
  15. @TheQuietLens-26: I had to come off ZB because it made me very sick. I will start Wegovy on Friday. Can you talk about changing meds and what to do during the time in between.
  16. @boruchlen: I've really been enjoying your content, thanks for all you do. 

I'm about to start my tirzepatide journey, I've got about 50 pounds of so to lose. 
My goal is to use the time to transition to the carnivore diet (loosely, meaning I'll be adding in a few vegetables etc).
Is it possible to maintain the weight loss without remaining on tirzepatide long term if on a diet like the carnivore diet?
  17. @Susansnewera: Bariatric patient 2021 RNY.  Maintained 70 of 85 pounds lost 3 years post op..Goal 100 pounds loss.. went zepbound and now down to 99 lbs total pounds loss..  2021 weigh 255.  June 2024 185 maintained 2 years post RNY.  Zepbound started June 2024.. Now 156 pounds.  Goal 155 pounds but want to reach 150 lbs with 5 pound buffer.  Been on 7.5 mg zepbound 3 months with good portions control   Age 60.  Mild obesity, since child hood.  Life style changes before surgery. History 3 years Lendora weight loss, weight watchers , Jenny Craig’s, some crazy HCG shoot thing, Was always hormonal sensitive.  Now age 60.  Small portions, active walking/swimming-summer.  Decreased stress because retired 60 to multiple arthritis throughout body-thanks genetic (along with family obesity). Yes it’s a thing-(Like when I when I turned 12 and period started and I gained 50 pounds 1 year(no we had no junk food in house and I had no extra food to eat) (We were also food poor due to dad loosing job)and  I went birth control pill age 20 married and gained 20 pounds.  IN my teenage years I diligently counted 1200 calories a day food intake and could not go below 125 pounds and my period stopped 2.5 years until doctors gave me hormones pill to restart.  Then my weigh increased 25 pounds.l If you eat healthy Whole Foods with active life/portion control and type of food is controlled-heredity-hormones (birth control/menopause  is factor- I was made by big bone fluffy parents and 3/out 4 grand parents large individuals from the 1890-1960’s. I believe I am fighting genetics metabolism.. I hopeful with my small plate/small portions and an a craving for protein and vegetables that I will maintain below 160 lbs..  If not I have note from my orthopedic doc to be below 26% should I need to return to zepbound. Good Luck to my fellow losers-should we always remain at a loss
  18. @wandavalentine6385: Why they gain back
  19. @therealsongstress: Dayum Gina  cane dem Martin Lawrence show
  20. @solidfifth: Giving a placebo to people invalidates the tests!! You can't just tell someone they are still taking meds without them being mentally prepared for the exit plan.

- Study Shows “Full Weight REGAIN” After Stopping Wegovy, Mounjaro, Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en hey I'm Dr Jesse and in this video I'm going to be going over a recent article talking about how if you stop taking these newer weight loss medications you're likely going to regain all of the weight you lost back in at least five years and this is actually based on a study done by the company that makes one of these weight loss drugs so let's get into it Novo Nordisk says stopping obesity drug may cause full weight regain in five years now Novo Nordic is the company that makes the weight loss drug called would go be patients discontinuing the use of weight loss drugs such as wagovi risk regaining their original body weight in about five years a Novo Nordisk official said on Wednesday based on individual profile patients could gain back about half of the original body weight in two to three years if they stop the treatment now that's big news right it's saying that if you start taking this drug for for weight loss you will likely have to stay on this drug for your entire life because if you don't you will likely end up gaining back almost all of the weight that you lost on the drug data from a Novo funded study in April last year showed that patients regained two-thirds of their lost weight one year after discontinuing the use of the drug so this study is showing that you're essentially gaining back almost all the weight you lost on the drug within just one year and that's big news because I think a lot of people when they hear about these new weight loss drugs coming out they think it's a miracle cure you take it and then you're done you're changed you're beautiful forever right but that's not how it works these weight loss drugs like most drugs that treat chronic diseases that include type 2 diabetes heart disease high blood pressure high cholesterol now obesity and overweight are never going to be miracle drugs and cures because all of these diseases and health problems all stem from your lifestyle or essentially what you eat your exercise how you sleep how you handle mental stress Etc and so if you're not addressing the root cause of all these diseases you're always likely going to have to rely and become dependent on the medication that treats the symptoms the data had pointed to the chronic nature of obesity and suggested that continuous treatment would be required to maintain weight and health Improvement and that's exactly what I just said well Govi a semi-glutide based drug is approved in the United States for the treatment of obesity in adults the drug activates glp-1 a hormone that triggers a feeling of fullness in the body after eating I made a a whole video on how this new class of weight loss drugs work the glp-1 agonists and so if you're interested I highly recommend you check out that video I go into a lot more depth you know what these drugs are how they work side effects what to watch out for long term and I put the link in in my description below so I highly recommend checking that out after this video so now let's talk about this article and what this means the biggest takeaway I want to to talk about is that there is no miracle drug and I just spoke about that and if you go on these drugs and you're not addressing your diet your exercise and your underlying lifestyle factors you're always going to have to depend on this drug and you can't expect to then stop these drugs and think that the weight you lost is going to stay that way it's not because you didn't affect your diet and exercise and so if you didn't do that you're just going to gain it all back and I think the best advice I can give anyone when starting out who is trying to eat healthier and exercise more is take it slow make small changes over a long period of time and it will take months and most like the years but stay consistent stay determined and you will end up changing who you are it just it doesn't happen overnight so I hope this article and this video taught you a little bit if it did please like the video and share it with others and help others understand how these weight loss drugs work as well and if you're not subscribed already consider subscribing to my channel as I'm always putting out new nutrition exercise and health content and before you leave check out this video over here I think you'll really enjoy it and with that said I look forward to seeing you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @dubcuda874 [60 likes]: Been off for over a year and have lost 45 more pounds. Change your eating habits
  2. @jimmycasey6400 [23 likes]: I have lost 155lb on Manjuro my insurance has dropped it! In 8 weeks I will be off of them ! I be damn I gain it back I have changed my lifestyle and will keep doing this after this shot is over ! I am not going back
  3. @fintacy6648 [10 likes]: If you don’t change your habits after quitting the drug then duh , your gonna regain the weight🙄 when you lose the weight , take advantage of being able to do more things by exercising working more , don’t get back lazy and don’t keep being a glut , not being an ass but speaking facts.
  4. @MrTastyy [7 likes]: So you mean to tell me , the company that profits from selling a product tells you that if you don’t keep buying it forever then you will regain weight ?
  5. @clairesear1717 [6 likes]: Company who sells a drug funds a study which concludes that you have to stay on that drug for your whole life in order to keep the results...  can't see any perverse incentives there at all....
  6. @justimagine2403 [4 likes]: Yes, and they will stop paying for it and won't pay for it again if you gain back.  Your pancreas has become permanently damaged and you have less insulin cells so may as well stay on reduced calorie diet and not go insane with hunger.
  7. @joshledford8921 [3 likes]: Well Doc, you should back up just a little on the fear mongering. As others have commented and as someone in the medical industry yourself you should 100% know that any weight loss by a diet or anything involving a temporary change to lose weight IE taking meds, intermittent fasting etc, if eating habbits arent corrected during that time you will 100% gain all the weight back. 
Anyway its been a year since this post. It would be interesting to see your thoughts on GLP1s now days.
  8. @ronnienelson9653 [2 likes]: It should be a maintenance drug in a low dose while you change eatting habits and exercise.
  9. @ryanvertucci7943 [2 likes]: You can gain it all back in weeks not years.
  10. @Dr.PrettyProfessor [2 likes]: Could you provide us with the research study? I'd like to read for myself.
  11. @angelastewart6584 [1 likes]: Make the drugs affordable and maybe we will take them for the rest of our lives!!  Seriously though, don't go back to old habits.  It will be hard, but you are in control!
  12. @oh_k8: You have to pay and be on it for life. Ka-ching!
  13. @beah3230: I regained 20 pounds in 3 months, after one year on monjauro & losing 45 pounds.
  14. @eamonnbrereton1525: What a killjoy
  15. @24karatAFRICA: In you stop exercising and eating right,  you will regain all the weight back too.... develop good habits
  16. @innerlifecoachingwithvera: You don't necessarily need to stay on Ozempic forever!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36u1FsYXbpw&t=10s
  17. @kapsicom: As so many have said....yeah duh! It's the same for almost any programme that sees successful weight loss, the weight comes back. And it's not like people on ozempic for a year haven't changed their lifestyle and eating habit, but once you stop the drug the hunger that caused the obesity in the first place returns so you regain weight. Obesity is a chronic condition that causes health harms just like hypertension, and we treat that with chronic medication...why should this be different? We need to recognise obesity as a health condition not a lifestyle choice.
  18. @carolynalexander4983: Thank You
  19. @WindowEyes-kr3bd: Dr. Jesse, do you need an amazing wife? I’m asking for a friend 👀 -it’s me… lol
  20. @dogstorme9333: Here’s the thing, I can lose 15kg a month if I reduce my calorie intake by 500 ish calories, and it’s different for everyone, but it’s easy people, it’s roughly 3 lemon tarts, it’s not much

- Study: Weight returns quickly after stopping Ozempic or Wegovy: Kind: captions Language: en >> IMPORTANT INFORMATION. LAUREN. THANK YOU FOR THAT REPORT. THERE ARE NEW CONCERNS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS WHEN PEOPLE WHO TAKE GLP-1 WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS LIKE OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY STOP USING THEM. A NEW STUDY IN THE BMJ FINDS THOSE PEOPLE REGAIN THE WEIGHT ABOUT FOUR TIMES FASTER THAN WITH TRADITIONAL WEIGHT LOSS PROGRAMS THAT INVOLVE DIET AND EXERCISE. RESEARCHERS AT OXFORD ALSO FOUND THE WEIGHT TENDED TO RETURN TO PRETREATMENT LEVELS LESS THAN TWO YEARS LATER, AS DID THE RISK MARKERS FOR DIABETES AND HEART DISEASE. >> MANY PEOPLE WHO TAKE THESE MEDICATIONS VIEW IT AS A SILVER BULLET AND ARE NOT MAKING THOSE OTHER CHANGES. IT SHOULD BE SEEN AS A WAY TO JUMPSTART YOUR WEIGHT LOSS WHILE YOU'RE STILL MAKING THOSE OTHER BEHAVIORAL CHANGE

  Top Comments:
  1. @THUGGO773 [1 likes]: It obviously should be supplemental not the core of weight loss

- How to Safely Come Off Wegovy: Decoding the Transition | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en how does someone come off a drug like wovi or Zep bound and maintain the weight that they lost this has been a big question I've been getting partly because I did a video a couple of months ago talking about how a majority of people when they come off one of these medications are likely going to gain back all of the weight that they lost if not maybe more and this is in part ago link is down below be sure to check it out where I talked about how a majority of individuals when they come off one of these medications are going to regain the weight in fact only about 15% of people are able to come off of these medications and maintain the weight they lost for everyone else they tend to follow this pattern right here now this was a trial that was done with tepati or Zep bound everyone was given the drug at the start for a period of time and then at that point where there's the dash line what we had is they got split into two groups half the people got put on a placebo half people got to stay on tepati and as you can see those that got the placebo well they started to gain that weight back so in general because it is so common that people will gain the weight back I generally don't recommend coming off of these medications these drugs they are safe they are effective we can use them longterm we have lots of data with them and ultimately they're helping us to manage the biology that is going to want us to regain that weight and is going to prevent us from maintaining our weight at a lower level but I know there are some situations where some people need to come off the medication say if they're paying out of pocket for these medications and can no longer afford it or if they're planning to become pregnant and these medications are contraindicated in pregnancy so they need to come off in that case or people just genuinely would like to come off of the drug and they are more than allowed to do that and if they're my patient I don't say well I'm not working with you anymore I of course am still there to provide them support and ultimately that is what I'm going to talk to you about today is how would I go about with a patient in terms of getting them off of one of these medications now regaining the weight after you stop a diet plan program or what have you really isn't a New Concept I'm sure many of you have plenty of experience with that and one of the things we say on the clinician side of things is that the best way to gain 5bs is to lose 20 now the reason why the regain in weight occurs is not because of a personal failing on your part or that you have something wrong with you it is a simple fact that we are dealing with Biology and that obesity is a chronic and Progressive disease you see 30 th years ago when we were all living in our caves and stuff like that and doing the whole Hunter gather piece of things if you were losing weight at that point in time it wasn't to get skinny for your cousin's wedding or something it was because you were actively dying and thus our bodies created a very powerful counterregulatory system to not only motivate us to go out and Hunt and Gather but to also get us to store and hold on to as much fat as possible and ultimately this biology is now colliding with our modern food environment and thus we have obesity and hey if you are enjoying my content and you are wanting to learn more about how to manage your weight both with and without medication then you should probably hit that subscribe button down below as well as turning on those notifications not only are you going to get access to all of my great information but you're also going to make my self-esteem feel pretty darn awesome as well don't forget to check out the OG members membership side of my YouTube channel for the OG members I do a monthly live where we talk about the how-tos of managing and losing your wait long term really getting into the nitty-gritty of the skills and the things that you need to be able to do that as well I do a live Q&A session so if you bring your questions concerns and what have you I will answer them in real time so again check out everything down below as well hit that subscribe button all right so how do we go about coming off of a medication like wovi and potentially maintain the weight that we lost as a couple of caveats here you definitely do need to do this with your primary care provider and your primary care team please do not ATT to do this on your own make sure you've got the supports in place and everybody is aware of what is occurring and what is happening as well this approach is not guaranteed and heck it might not even work for you this is just a very broad kind of highlevel view of some of the things that I would be looking at and supporting my patient with if we were looking to come off of these medications as well this video is only for informational purposes so please do not sue me now this entire journey is going to be a slow one because we essentially need to tame and manage the bi ology that wants to get you to regain that weight back and in essence we need to get really good at some of the basics of Health and Wellness so before we do anything else we need to figure out how many calories you're currently eating and how many grams of protein you're currently eating on a daily basis I'm sure many of you are currently tracking but if you're not you definitely need to start unfortunately guesstimation and stuff like that are just not going to work in this kind of process after we figure out how much you are currently eating we need to figure out what is your actual maintenance level of calories and protein for your current body weight and to do that you can go and check out my fancy Dandy calculator that I created down below click on Optimal Health input your data and on the last page it's going to tell you how many calories and how much protein you need to eat for your current age height weight and activity level all right we've now got some data points we know that we're currently here and we need to get all the way over here so as an example let's say you're currently eating 80 g of protein a day and you're eating about 1,200 calories per day and the calculator told you that you need to be eating about 150 g of protein per day and 2,000 calories per day to currently maintain your body weight we clearly have got a bit of work to do here and again we need to take this slowly because you suddenly going from 80 to 150 g of protein starting tomorrow well it's just not going to end very well we want to make small incremental changes so going from say 80 to 990 do that for a week and then go 90 to 100 and so on and so forth and really before we make any kind of medication changes we want to start implementing these kinds of dietary changes getting your protein up working to get your calories up and we want to be getting as much good Whole Foods as possible into you and your goal over the next little while is going to be to become a protein eater that's going to be like your entire identity and that's because we want to get you protein and your calorie intake as close as we possibly can to what your maintenance calculations have been found to be because that is going to help us to calm down that biology to kind of tell it hey we're getting enough nutrients and such like that to manage this current weights please calm the AF down the other things you're going to need to work on through this process is making sure you're getting more fiber trying to increase your consistency of your meals throughout the day so if you're skipping breakfast currently you're probably going to need to add in some breakast breakfast as well to eat that much protein you're probably going to have to have more frequent meals and snacks over the course of the day ultimately though it's going to be about finding what works for you and being as consistent as you possibly can be we're not aiming for Perfection we're not aiming for 100% consistency but we want to be probably hitting at least 80% consistency throughout the days that we're working on this and to give you some perspective 80% consistency in a 30-day period is about 24 days 24 days that you are aiming to get your protein intake higher and up to where we want it to be and hey if you want a tool to help you along this journey to kind of get a better understanding of not only what it is that you're eating on a day-to-day basis but also what are your emotional patterns with your meals and such like that then you definitely want to download my free food journal Down Below in the link it is a 7-Day food journal that not only helps you to capture the foods that you're eating but also what are the emotional patterns C and triggers that are happening around your meals which really are the more important piece as to why and what drives us to eat and some of those motivating factors they're all extremely important questions so definitely check out the link down below input your email and you will get my free 7-Day Journal now with the medication at its current dose as you start to increase your protein and calorie intake you might find that pretty darn hard because the dose of the medication is so high that it's just knocking out your appetite and just making it so you don't want to eat so this is where you want to be connecting with your care team and saying hey can I go on a little bit of a lower dose and we're not going from our top dose down to nothing the better option is going to be say we're on wovi 2.4 Mig once per week let's go down to wovi 1.7 milligrams once a week let's do that for four weeks because that's how long it takes that new drug level to stabilize in your body and let's see how our appetite adjust with that lower dose this whole thing is going to be a real Balancing Act of kind of adjusting the the dose of the medication while increasing your calorie and protein intake what we're doing with the medication is we're bringing it down slowly to increase your appetite so that you're able to consume and eat more food and ultimately get your calories and protein to where we need it to be all the while through this process you need to be checking in and asking yourself how is my Hunger how are my Cravings am I ravenous is it manageable what exactly is going on on the inside and please remember that hunger and Cravings are perfectly normal they are just a part of the human process and how our body gets us to go and find and eat food so some Cravings are okay when they're overt and ravenous and you can't control them well that's when they're more of a concern now if through this Balancing Act you're finding that you go to a lower dose and suddenly the hunger and cravings and stuff like that come screaming back yes we can try to increase your protein and calorie intake more quickly however that might not work you might still have a significant amount of hunger and cravings and that's because the biology is so overt you can't do anything about it that's okay but you might need to stay on the medication in that situation regardless practice patience with this whole thing eating high protein for one day or one week is is not going to solve this problem of biology this is going to be something that you need to consistently do for weeks if not months before you can fully get off one of these medications all right so that's the food that's the medication adjustment piece of things now we need to look at all the other supporting things that are just as important activity in particular is going to be a huge one you see activity is not very effective at helping us to lose weight but it's super effective at helping us to maintain our weight so you need to do as much as you can and in fact I'm going to recommend that if you're not at the gym already lifting weights then you need to get there you need to be aiming for at least 1 hour of activity every single day aim for a combination of both cardio and strength training strength training and resistance training I'm a huge fan of because it's going to help us to build our lean muscle muscle tissue the more muscle mass you have the more calories you're going to burn by just simply existing the stronger you're going to be the healthier you're going to be and hey it's also going to help us to manage some of that biology the other things that we need to consider and really focus on are going to be things like your sleep your mindfulness around meals your positive selft talk and how you're kind of talking to yourself whether you're shaming yourself and that sort of thing you definitely need to work on that you also need to look at getting away from this idea of perfection and moving towards this concept of Mastery so that's the general overview and approach to everything it's going to be slow and very sequential what I want to talk to you about next here is your actual expectations I want to set you up so that you're fully aware of what to expect as you go on this journey so that you don't have any kind of stumbling blocks or things that ultimately hold you up as I've already mentioned it's going to take a long time it's probably going to be a whole six Monon process before you can fully come off of these medications ultimately the more slow that you can do it the better that you're going to be we want to utilize these medications as a tool to help you to build really good and solid habits so that when you remove the medication you can fall back onto those habits and keep on going having some increase in your hunger and Cravings is perfectly normal again I cannot stress that enough it is a biological function and process that gets us to go out and find food and such they are a normal feeling and getting the idea that you can just suppress them forever and they'll never come back is not going to get you where you want to be the next expectation is that you're going to gain a few pounds back whatever your lowest was on the medication at its top dose yeah you're probably not going to be able to sit and maintain that especially if you're increasing how much food you're eating you're just going to have more food in your body you're going to have more poop in your body more water more carbs Etc also if you're gaining and doing things like weight training you're going to see an increase in muscle mass which is going to increase your weight and ultimately there may be a few pounds of F that are gained back that is okay it's going to be very hard to maintain that much much lower weight but just have the expectation that you could see some weight gain return and that is perfectly normal it's time to let go of the number on the scale the next thing is that this is going to be really effing hard probably harder than the whole process you went through to lose the weight to begin with getting off and maintaining your weight long term is going to be the real challenge it's going to require planning it's going to require mindful it's going to require a whole slew of things that again you need to get practiced and really good at in order to be successful in sustaining and maintaining your weight long term and with how hard this whole process is going to be you really need to be honest with yourself and can you actually engage and take the time to to make these changes and become really good at them if you're a mom with two young kids and working a full-time job etc etc well you probably don't have the time to do it and that's okay there's nothing wrong with that if you need to stay on the medication maybe for a longer period or continue to utilize it as the tool that it is to just help you maintain your weight during this period of time ultimately and regardless of what your outcome is whether you stay on or not our goal is always going to be health health is the key factor and just being at a lower weight doesn't necessarily mean you're healthy what's going to make you healthy is going to be engaging in activity eating Whole Foods eating plenty of protein etc etc those are the things that actually matter so figure F out what is the healthiest and most sustainable lifestyle possible for you with or without medication practice practice practice and get really good at those lifestyle changes and then continue on and live your healthiest and happiest life oh yeah and you need to make sure that you're having fun during this entire thing because if you're not having fun it's not going to be sustainable so make sure you're finding the things that work for you that you enjoy and yeah give it a good old shot if that's really what you want to do otherwise if you can stay on the medication I definitely recommend it they are safe and effective and they're helping us to manage that biology so that is it and that is all you beautiful people if you enjoyed this video don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below and turn on those notifications as well feel free to share this video with any friends that you think might get some benefit out of it as well don't forget to sign up for the OG members membership side of my YouTube channel links for that are all down below as well check out all my other links that I have going on down there and check me out on my other channels at the official Dr Dan where on the SI the talk the gram so be sure to check them out and give me a follow elsewhere and as I always sign off please remember that it's going to be those small tweaks that lead to those massive Peaks

  Top Comments:
  1. @mbredline7603 [72 likes]: Started at 230, over 7-8 months lost to 180.  Stopped taking the shot.  Lost down to 175 over the first month after stopping. Maintained 175 for the next month.  I completely changed my lifestyle, started eating better, started exercising 4-5 days a week.
  2. @juanpontif7577 [19 likes]: Skip to 8:36 so you can skip the fluff
  3. @RedneckBBQUK [3 likes]: I made changes before I went on Manjaro and over a few years I’ve changed everything, increasing exercise, rejecting negativity, dropping stress, etc etc.  I dropped from 22.5 stone to 13.5 stone, 42” waist to 32” waist and loads of medical problems have simply gone away.  No hypertension, no pre-diabetes, no anti anxiety medication, no need for anti inflammatories all day every day and no supplements (except mg).

I’m watching this to see what is going to happen next week when
I go from 20mg to 0mg but I’m not going back to my old life and I’m definitely not putting a single lb or single inch on my waist.

£300 a month because I’m scared of going back to my old life can go eff itself!  It’s extortion and the recent price hikes (+£100 per month) made me reassess if I’m ready to stand in my own two feet.  Let’s see!  Bring it on biology: bring it on.  And screw you drug companies, this customer is not gonna be your bitch.
  4. @melissaantiques2546 [2 likes]: I subbed ! Thank you for saying they're safe! Makes me feel better ! I am 7 weeks in. Lost 52 pounds. !!! Please make more videos I love you. Haha ❤ you're amazing.
  5. @theofficialdrdan [1 likes]: Thanks for watching!
Download my FREE 7-Day Best Weight Journal: http://eepurl.com/gdB2qn

If you are looking for assistance in your journey to reach your weight loss goals, book a consultation with me: https://calendly.com/drdanconsult/he
  6. @vegavela4128 [1 likes]: No entiendo muy bien por qué hay que animar tanto a la gente a comer proteína en España comemos mucha proteína de manera natural y se nos ha dicho que es malo comer tanta carne. Nosotros hacemos dos grandes comidas diarias la del mediodía mayor, pero ámbar con un primer plato un segundo plato y un postre normalmente fruta. Cuándo estoy a dieta intento que el primer plato no sean carbohidratos sino verdura preferiblemente, pero 3 días a la semana hago un guiso tradicional de legumbres y como solo un cazo de legumbre. Cuándo no estoy a dieta para mantener mi peso me permito dos cazos. El resto de las comidas y cenas son verdura. El resto de las comidas son carne o pescado alternándolo en la comida y en la cena. Yo ahora estoy tomando medicación mounjaro, pero antes de tomar esa medicación he estado a dieta con una nutricionista del sistema Nacional de salud y no me hacía pesar ni medir nada. Tenía que tomar siempre una ración de pescado o carne del tamaño de la palma de mi mano menos un poquito en el caso de la carne.  También me limitaba la fruta de modo que no podía tomar postre ni en la comida ni en la cena, y tenía que tomar esa fruta a media mañana y a media tarde para la merienda. Mientras seguía esta dieta no gane peso pero empecé a comer por razones de estrés mucha comida muy grasa y con mucho azúcar y entonces volví a poner el peso qué había perdido. Pero creo que a nadie les en España le animan a tomar más proteínas porque de hecho se piensa que en nuestra dieta tomamos ya muchas proteínas. Así que no me imagino un mundo en el que no se tome tantas proteínas porque normalmente es un alimento apetitoso que todo el mundo quiere comer.
  7. @melissaantiques2546 [1 likes]: I subbed ! Thank you for saying they're safe! Makes me feel better ! I am 7 weeks in. Lost 52 pounds. !!! Please make more videos I love you. Haha ❤ you're amazing.
  8. @candicesimmons3630 [1 likes]: I am currently 194lbs/88k. I am only 5'2.5/158.75. I started Mounjaro last night my aim is to get down to 126lb/57.15kg.  I think that will probably be a bit too much so some room to go up a bit.  I have super high blood pressure.  I have already changed my diet so much in last few moths but I have a disability which affects how much I can move which i believe is the main reason I can't lose any weight.  but am working on that too.
  9. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  10. @chinnythechin [1 likes]: I’m so glad I found your super informative videos. I’m wondering if you have experience with people moving from semaglutide to liraglutide for maintenance purposes. I’m currently cruising along on a low dose of semaglutide. I have 40 more lbs to lose but I’m steadily losing 1-1.5lbs a week, eating whole foods, weight training, getting 10k steps most days, etc. I’ve successfully lost before but, as you well know, keeping it off is the kicker. I would love to stay on a glp-1 medication long term but as an American, the cost is just not sustainable. I’m sure it will eventually come down, but since liraglutide is available as a generic, that would be much more affordable to me (I’m paying out of pocket). I’m going to talk with my doctor about this option when I meet with him next week but I thought I’d see if this is something that you see people be successful with if they don’t want to fully come off of a glp-1 but can’t sustain the cost long-term.
  11. @t.c.s.7724: Exogenous glp will inevitably lead to GLP receptor down regulation. Meaning, the medication will no longer provide appetite suppression regardless of the dose.
Perhaps that is why some people want to get off the medication, it no longer works. 
This isa biological imperative
  12. @kathyfernandez269: 1 hr at the gym EVERYDAY!?!?
  13. @jan.cullen7692: While many people are perhaps prone to being well over weight,  I also look,at the ads in tv and on line for things like smash burgers, loaded, milk shakes fried foods, even some tempting salads carrying lots of calories…we need to address this!  No wonder while looking around you see more people carrying extra weight.  Just people watch at airports, stores.  I don’t notice this in other countries. It’s epidemic here. I’m happy for the pills and shots to work, but educate people about what they are taking in at fast food restaurants.  It will just up and down over and over again.
  14. @kristyhk-c9e: I been off semaglutide for like 3 weeks now .im scared to gain weight back😢😢😢   I lost like 50 pounds any advice?
  15. @CarleneSherman: My insurance company stopped paying for my Wegovy because my A1C was not high anymore. I cannot afford the regular price for Wegovy. Do I need to purchase a compound glp1?
  16. @reganwolf4405: Qeustion  ..this the same advice  fot glp-1? (Ozimpic) or do you have a other video for getitng af slow for the medication?
  17. @naturegirl5681: Perfectly explained!
  18. @outwestsam1: Are it wreaks havoc with your intestines good reason to come off
  19. @NEXTBESTHING: 1st hope ur well. My question is this. Do these Medications work well with Creatine supp to preserved Muscle Mass?
  20. @amandaathanas4027: I wish I never started Wegovy.  I had no problems with insurance.  I was on it for 5 months and didn’t lose 1 pound.  I started at .25, then .5, then 1.0.  At 1.0 I started having nausea.  I had to get an Rx for Zofran for the nausea.  I only vomited once, but the nausea alone was very uncomfortable and made it hard to accomplish anything.  Three weeks ago I quit.  It had also given me weird body aches, poor quality sleep, and depression.

Since it didn’t make me lose ANY weight, I figured it wouldn’t make me gain if I stopped:  wrong!  

For ME, this is the worst prescription drug I’ve used in my life for any condition whatsoever.   Now I read it can take 5-7 WEEKS for it to leave the system.

The reason it works in some ppl is bc it raises low GLP-1 levels.  But evidently I didn’t have low GLP-1.  Therefore, the reason for my obesity is not low GLP-1, but some other reason(s) that I have yet to uncover despite 50 years of my own research and seeing various doctors and specialists.

Big Pharma has figured out another product that patients will “need” for life to avoid disaster.

- How to Get Wegovy Covered | Dr. Shelly MD: Kind: captions Language: en are you frustrated trying to get your wovi or Zep bound covered and do you feel that insurance is stopping you from getting your weight loss medication well today's episode is for you we are talking about how you can navigate the insurances to get your weight loss medication covered this is a huge problem for a lot of my patients in fact it is the rate limiting step meaning that if we can't overcome this insurance then the patient is left with paying hundreds and thousands of dollars for this medication and sometimes people can't pay that it's not in the budget and so today I wanted to maybe share with you just a couple of strategies on how you can overcome this hurdle but first before we get started let's kind of talk a little bit about what these medications are so we have for that's FDA approved for weight loss we have wobi which is a once weekly injection that helps with not only curving your appetite it also regulates how many calories you're getting into I have some patients who say that it actually kind of takes away the food noise for them so they're not thinking about it and then we also have zet bound the difference between zet bound and wobi is that zet bound kind of targets two hormones that help with regulating appetite and reducing how much your portion control reducing how much you eat whereas wobi targets one that's the difference but they're both once weekly injections they're also fairly new W GOI came out in 2022 Z bound came out in 2023 so they are fairly new and which makes it a little bit more difficult you know for insurance to cover and in it like history normally insurances do take some time for them to cover certain medications although I will say that for both a lot of it is covered by a lot of insurance but we do want to talk about where the backlog is and what I'm seeing so the reason why these medications are helpful is that when we look the both of them is that when we look at the amount of weight loss that people are getting in the past it was normal for people to lose like 10 5 to 10% and we were happy but with these medications now you're getting closer to 15 to 20% and so it really makes a big difference in somebody who's trying to lose weight also W GOI has been approved FDA approved to help individuals who have a pre-existing condition of heart disease or like heart failure heart attack congestive heart failure and stroke it has been shown to reduce your risk of dying from a non-fatal stroke or fatal in MO Way by 20% Which is very significant it's the reason why we ask people who've had these conditions to be on a Statin because a a Statin cholesterol medication because this medication has been shown to reduce your risk of mortality by 20% as well so with that being said these are very important these medications can help people with not only losing weight but changing their you know their life trajectory and their health most importantly but the question is how do we get it covered because that is all that's the bane of my existence so let's just talk about the different people who are candidates now a lot of times I do ask my patient to call so it's important that you do some groundwork first so you do need to either call your insurance or sometimes they have a website where you can go and just kind of put the medication with goes that Bound in their search to see how much it will cover and when you call the insurance customer service and I will say the customer service people are very nice but they're not really clinical they have I used to work in customer service and a lot times you have a script that you go through to help the patient but you may not necessarily have all the knowledge of what the medications do you just have a list of what's covered what's not and so sometimes what my patients will do is that they'll call and the insurance will say oh well we don't cover with GOI or zound but we cover OIC and monjaro with a prior authorization now I do want to say there is a difference between OIC and mandaro and what GOI in zound the difference is this OIC and mandaro are FDA approved for type 2 diabetes so that means you have to have type 2 diabetes and some insurances are really strict not only do you have to have type two diabetes they may say Hey you have to tried met foran or hey you need to have an A1C that's greater a hemoglobin A1c which is a thre Monon test that tells you the average of your blood sugars but that test has to be over a certain level definitely over 6.5 but I've had one Insurance say they have to be over 8.5 before they were even covered so these are extremely important because first of all the customer service doesn't tell you that and so when you go back to your doctor and say well hey well go Z bound's not covered but OIC mandaro is and it just needs a prior authorization when the physician does the prior authorization what happens is is that they have to answer these questions and the question is does a person have type two diabetes if the answer is no you instantly get denied or if they said does a patient have type two diabetes the answer is yes and has the patient tried met foran and the answer is no then you may get toy or if you you know if we have to send in your blood work and it doesn't show an A1C at a certain amount then you can get Don so it can be very frustrating for patients because you have this false hope you're like oh well it's not covered by you know these two aren't covered but this is and maybe this prior authorization that my doctor has to fill out will just open the door but in actuality that prior authorization is a way how the insurance just kind of closes the door because you have to meet their certain criteria and this particular criteria is not on that customer services you know they don't have access to that criteria so they can't tell you what to expect so which once again it C you know it's more time and frustration on the patient so the first thing I would say to the insurance so the first thing I would do is number one if you're interested in starting any of these medications call your insurance first call them talk to them if they say what GOI and Zep bound are excluded then what that signals is that your insurance does not cover weight loss medications period And the reason why your insurance does not cover weight loss medication period is because your employer has to opt in to covering weight loss medication so when your employer actually signs up for benefits for its employees it has to say or Check Yes or No whether it includes weight loss medication and due to it being an additional cost some employers don't cover it so it's not regard it doesn't even matter matter the insurance it's more the employer who where the issue at and in that case you do want to talk to your human resources to Lobby them to get your fellow you know employees to say hey we want these medications covered as part of our benefits P this is important to us because your insurance will only do what the employee or the or their client wants and so if you're finding that your employer is not covering it then you need to Lobby your employer now granted we may not not all of us work with a union but if you work with a union then you need to bring that up so that they can negotiate that when it's time to negotiate the contracts with the Union also hey you never know by you getting more so may be other people who would love to be on medications for weight but the employer is not opt in so they may be willing to sign a petition you or going themselves and saying hey you know can you all include this for next year open enrollment is coming up in these next couple of months for many companies and so it's important that you Lobby them and see if they may be willing to do it I know in our institution we're so blessed that they have been able to cover it but that's taken a lot of people lobbying and asking and pestering you know what they say the squeaky wheel gets the oil and so in order to see a change sometimes you have to be that change maker and Lobby them also for those individuals who are on Medicare or Medicaid you may have to Lobby your Congress person the people who you vote for because in order to see if they can get covered there is an act on the floor of Congress called the troa ACT tra it's called treat and reduce obesity act it's been brought up multiple multiple congresses it's in Congress currently and if you look you can actually just Google troll.com or Trea or reduce obesity act and you'll be able to or even go to the website Obesity Action Coalition and you can actually search for who your Congress people are and they give you a script or a letter that you can email to them or script if you call them so they can support this act and this bill so that hopefully you know millions of people who are on Medicare not just people who are over the age of 65 but people who are on disability they'll be able to get access to these medications because like I said before these medications are not just to look better these medications are improving people's Medical Health Medical complications I had a patient tell me she said said why is it that my insurance wants me to get diabetes first before they cover medication that can help treat my weight which will reduce my risk of diabetes it makes no sense to me either but the only thing I can think of is that money you know but still it doesn't make sense and so if we can write this wrong and get if we can kind of help people with controlling their weight which will improve their heart outcomes their high blood pressure their diabetes it actually by reducing your weight it can reduce your risk of cancer having obesity increases your risk of a cancer by 40% in the breast and your estrogen related cancers like brain starian and uterine cancers so it makes a difference with what you can do by controlling one's weight so I'm sorry I get off on my soap box but I'm just saying we have work to do we have work to do and we can be able to try to make that difference and not just a change for yourself but a change for your fellow employees by either number one petitioning your human resources if they don't cover or they exclude weight loss medication in their plan you know if you're on Medicare Medicaid you know actually going to your Congress people or your representatives and saying your state representatives and saying that hey we this needs to be covered and know there's resources that to give you the words to say to give you the script to say if you were to call them or the words to write if you were to email them and that go to Obesity Action Coalition they'll be able to lead you along that way so but that being said the next step is okay so let's say the doctor has submitted the medication to the pharmacy what happens is once it does require prior authorization the pharmacy will send a request for prior authorization to the doctor now it depends on the pharmacy normally they do it through a system called cover my meds or a different system called sh scripts where the doctors can go in or the doctor's office can go in and submit the information that's the easiest cuz it's electronic and it's easier to kind of upload documents to that if you need to like you know send them your hemoglobin A1 seat or whatever else is needed to try to get it approved and so once that's done then the insurance will either come back with approved or deny now it may be conditional where it may be hey know we need to add more documentations we need your progress not so it is important that when you go see your doctor to get this prescription that they're kind of writing down all your complication the prior weight loss programs that you tried kind of in their progress though because if they do ask for it then you can send it in and send that into the insurance and they can read it and say okay this patient has tried these different mini medications in the past for weight it hasn't worked she has been on you know a exercise phys assistant weight loss program and as at work and so maybe this can kind of help put you into the field of saying okay let's approve it but it's just important to have it because you just never know the other thing I would say is also too once the doctor's office does the prior authorization it says either approve then you're fine you get the medication if it says you're denied then the next thing that happens is that they actually will give you an option to appeal the denial and so I everyone is different but usually you have like 30 to 90 days to appeal and so usually you can appeal by writing a letter now the one thing I would say you kind of want to get all the verbiage in there are different templates online so you can just say you know appeal letter for a go V template and you'll see some templates that pop up that that you can kind of use to kind of put your information and your pass passion on why it's there also sometimes I like to when I do my appeal letters I like to put the studies like hey this study says this would be helpful and this is why this person should be on this medication I have to admit you know the approval weight is a little bit lower it's like I think they said around 33 34% on whether they appeal they approve an appeal letter but you never know where you'll be in that percentage so it's better to do it and to get denied than to not do it and you could have gotten approved so you know make sure you're kind of writing that appeal letter also it's okay to if you want your doctor to do an appeal letter if you can say hey here's a template that you can utilize for the appeal letter they actually will be very happy because you know what the doctors are very busy there's always something going on and so to have like something where they can kind of craft it in their own lightl may be helpful just depending on your doctor some doctors are very open to it because it just kind of helps them to not have to you know think of a new letter they can just be able to utilize that template and be able to get all the information across that you may need and then secondly it's in once you have that you just kind of wait and see and and we'll see if they approve it or do not so I know this is a lot of the process but I hope you're able to get some of this just to recap so the first step before you see your doctor check your insurance call them use their website to find out are these weight loss medications covered if they're not covered then you may need to figure out you may need to go to your human resources to see if they can start covering these medications or if they just need a prior authorization you can make sure when you see your doctor that you give them all the information they need as far as your weight loss history what medications you tried and not only do they want the what medications you tried they also want the dates so if you can write that down the dates of when you tried your medication that will be extremely helpful so they can put that in the prior authorization the hardest the one thing that sometimes these prior authorizations do get denied is because the doctor's office didn't have everything they didn't see that you were on fine and Contra seia prior to you know you starting trying to get wobi and so they're just using the information that's in front of them so it's important to make sure your doctor knows that and then that's in the note and they add that to the priorization once the priorization comes back if it's approved you get your medication if it's denied then you get an opportunity to write an appeal letter to see if it can get appeal appealed you can get templates online on how to appeal it also you can you know also give your doctor a sample letter that they can utilize for them to do it sometimes depending on how busy they are they may actually just copy and paste but put the the relevant information in it and that at least help you that they know which information they need versus them saying this patient needs this medication and here's my signature so I hope this helped the other thing I would say it is important to advocate for yourself advocate for your fellow employees if you need to if you're a Medicare or Medicaid Advocate at the level of the your state government and your also your federal government so that we can get more people covered because not only are we're seeing really great results where people are not only losing weight but their health complications are improving and that will help us that help people down in the long run to live happier healthier lives because of the fact that their weight's control I thank you again for listening today's episode if you have any questions any topics you want me to cover please feel free to leave that in the comments I'll be happy to create a uh episode just for you and I look forward to seeing you all next week again on the back on track achieving healthy weight loss podcast all right guys have a great rest of your day and don't forget to like And subscribe and share with others see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @tbar1047 [12 likes]: This is why your insurance shouldn't be tied to your job.
  2. @pamelaoviahon6604 [6 likes]: Knowledge is power!! Thanks.
  3. @melissahpk1459 [3 likes]: This is VERY informative information. Thank you so much. I now know why my insurance denied my prescription for Zepbound, my employer did not opt in to weight loos medications.
  4. @ShoeMD [3 likes]: thanks Doc!
  5. @Becky_One [3 likes]: Dr. Shelly, how do you feel about these weight loss clinics selling the compounded drugs?  I hear people saying it’s much cheaper. I’m paying $550.00 a month for Zepbound from Lilly Direct. Are the compounds as effective and safe?  I’m an old lady living on SS and it’s breaking me. Thank you for your expertise!  This was a great video.
  6. @HAW_7 [3 likes]: Mine was covered for 18 months and then they stopped. I’m fighting them now 3 months later. It’s exhausting. Thank you!!
  7. @caedanjennings [2 likes]: Hank you this is helpful. I was covered for 7 months kicked off and now in appeals. It should be used for maintenance also …. But the insurance will not they would rather you gain and lose weight. Which is even more dangerous….. I intend to take it to congress!!
  8. @lorrainey2004 [2 likes]: I am just over 30% BMI and I'm 63 with high cholesterol and some calcium plaque in my lower ventricular artery. I find diet and exercise both very difficult and always have and my physician was super supportive of me using a glp one alongside my health journey. My insurance shut me down because they said I do not have proof of a physician lead nutrition program. What do they mean by a physician supervised program when I have been under my doctor for 18 months as a result of high cholesterol? If I could lose weight easily, I would join weight watchers which I've done in the past and failed. It's frustrating!
  9. @TammyJ52 [2 likes]: My coworker was getting the sample of ozempic from her Dr she called her insurance company which is ambetter and they cover wls meds she is borderline diabetes,back problems and hbp
  10. @lezliesecundaGLP-RD [2 likes]: Mine was covered but I changed insurance to BCBS and now having to microdose due to $550. Unfortunately I was just fat. I guess I need to wait till I have big health problems.
  11. @bltaylor1734 [1 likes]: 8:57 I LITERALLY HAD THIS SAME CONVERSATION WITH MY PCP. I've worked hard over 8 years to get my A1C down to 5.5 and keep it there, yet my insurance wants me to have a diabetic level in order to cover me? Wtaf BCBS.
  12. @1521CeCe [1 likes]: Extremely helpful post 👏👏👏👏
  13. @fernandacorral3879 [1 likes]: Muchas gracias por toda la información tan detallada ❤
  14. @justmehere7113 [1 likes]: Excellent information.
  15. @sparks8934: This really helps get the food noise turned off, I’ve been denied it was helping my a1c and weight. I feel better on the medication and it’s a game changer. I have high bp for year and sleep  apnea so this is life and death for many of us.  Im gaining now that im ofc wegovy so I guess theres no answer for patients like myself.
  16. @darth_pronator: We need to keep it as expensive as possible to help limit use. For short term use in severe diabetes patients, it should be covered. But people making the horrible choice to use it long term need to pay it out of pocket to discourage them from damaging their digestive systems.
  17. @annabanana0197: Very informative, thank you.
  18. @melmel5479: Thank you
  19. @Reneebenson: Hopeing this will be covered I have congestive heart disease
  20. @PartsUnknownn: I’ve been looking into compound semaglutide because my insurance only covers ozempic, o my if you are diabetic. 
I’m not diabetic, but do want and need to lose weight. These medicines are like $1200 a month out of pocket. 
The compounding semaglutides are pretty much the same,from what I understand, as the name brand ones like Ozempic, Wegovy, Zepblund, Mounjaro.

Since my insurance isn’t covering my script I’m going to give the other version of the medication ; compound semaglutide. It’s easier to get and way cheaper. Like $200/me vs name brand at $1200/mo.
Not medical advice e, again, just something to consider if costs prohibit you obtaining this medication for weight loss

- *updated* HOW TO GET ZEPBOUND COVERED BY INSURANCE? / How To Get WEGOVY Covered By Insurance?: Kind: captions Language: en Special Report how to get glp1 medication covered by insurance and how to get Zep bound covered by your insurance hi friends I'm Elizabeth ctis of shopping and on today's episode we're going to talk extensively about insurance coverage after having a special report lengthy interview with with a huge huge mover and Shaker in the industry but first i'm Elizabeth ciss of shopping I've been on glp1 medication now for the last 16 months it's changed my life I've lost over 88 pounds on that 100 PB weight loss journey and I love sharing on ciss of shopping my channel here of how we can be encouraging uplifting with the latest information on glp1 medication I was on mararo then because of the mararo shortage then on ZET bound and now with the zound shortage I'm actually on the zip bound compound I'll link all of that information down in the description link below but on today's episode we're going to go through fully how can you get your glp1 medication covered by insurance or at least some tips uh that dramatically helped me uh and hopefully will help you I had the privilege in honor I got an email from someone very very very high ranking um who is a decision maker within the industry who asked to have a confidential interview with me which is why they're not here on camera with me their name will not be disclosed as my promise to them so I'm keeping that Anonymous however y'all know with my Integrity uh that um I'm going to keep that promise that I made to keep their name Anonymous but it is a very very high mover and Shaker and I had the privilege of talking to them for a long time I have six pages of notes we're going to go through of how to weave through and Nea navigate for your particular insurance company everything may not be applicable that I'm talking to but I have a sixo seveno action plan how many tips do I have in here uh six six tips for you as an action plan that you can go through for your insurance company and see if perhaps you can get these coverage if you're self-paying or if you're on WE GOI for example and you know that zet bound has slightly higher data for chronic obesity management but your insurance company doesn't cover Z bound that's my insurance company right now and so figuring out and also with the shortages of being able to swing over to different uh maybe from wovi to Zep bound or zound to wovi but you can't because of your insurance coverage so today's episode I felt very much like Woodward and Bernstein with deep throat back in the an era of having this amazing interview and having the privilege to interview this particular person because they are a decision maker so let's go through the first part of I'm going to go through and read some of my notes on here too if you also have questions please put them in the comments below too because I very much we're going to continue this dialogue on this so basically you're for insurance company your insurance is coming from your employer and where we need to start looking at is um from from this movement I'm going to say so to speak through your talking with your HR is how you can like how can you immediately have action you may not be able to change the entire insurance industry I know for me I'm like I'm not going to be able to change the entire insurance industry but I can look at where my benefits for my insurance company are coming from my HR and through my partner's HR now I am I I own my own companies I am HR um but through my insurance company through your house through their HR this is also applicable too if you have benefits through your partner so hr's goal is to have a healthy Workforce first and foremost they want to have a healthy Workforce too but um we know that there is a bias for chronic obesity management I mean people still don't think of obesity as a disease and therefore decision makers who are uh within HR and Within These circles who are making these decisions may not necessarily be thinking of obesity as a disease so therefore chronic obesity management treatment like wovi and like Zeb bound um there's still a bias there right and so looking at across an entire budget for HR who's making these insurance coverage decisions um the most I found this fascinating do you do you know what the most expensive insurance coverage is for an HR it's actually infertility I did not know that that's the most expensive one so they're looking across cancer fertility uh or infertility um heart disease arthritis and some of these other things within their Workforce um they're going through and figuring out okay where is the money going to go now you can go through and look for the glp1 benefits right um from somebody who is obese having joint issues and perhaps having like knee replacement surgery the cost of that or someone who eventually ends up having diabetes and then has to have dialysis the cost for dialysis and so the price if you start pricing those out is significantly smaller for a gp1 medication and so um running into these health related comorbidities um and and other health relate not comorbidities but also health related issues like a knee replacement surgery um you don't want to walk into your HR talking about the vanity metrics of losing weight um that it needs to be health related so out of this whole thing I want you to take this big nugget that when you're talking to your HR because we're going to have an action plan for you to talk to your HR who's making the decision on these healthc care benefits for your insurance company you need to frame everything around it being health related not vanity metrics you do not want to walk into your HR and start talking about I've got to lose weight for a wedding coming up I've got to lose weight to fit into this particular dress I've got to lose weight for this um whatever h a vanity thing no it needs to stay health related and so going through that's tip number one is when you're starting to frame these conversations for Health Care is you must keep it health related it's hurting your joints how much the cost of a knee replacement surgery is being potentially diabetic having to have dialysis I mean when you break out those costs piddly old G1 glp1 medication for somebody for years still doesn't touch the cost of that tip number two call your HR and say how are they deciding right like having that conversation of how are they allocating this budget how are they deciding so they can see HR can see a list of what claims are are um they don't know who it is but they can see for example does a child have leukemia a baby in the NICU so for example my my um my son was in the niku when he was born and um expenses related to my daughter's death uh and Care coverage for me and care for me throughout that and so for example the insurance the healthc care um the HR didn't get specifically that it was me through my partner's benefits but it obviously did show these massive amounts I mean a baby in a niku it's incredibly expensive a child with leukemia or these other things so they can see specifically they meaning HR can specifically see a list of the claims that are going so then that's your question to HR is where is how are they deciding and where is the money going what's that budget allocation for right like you can't go into this without knowing where that money is going so it's very helpful to frame that of okay tip number two calling your HR and finding out okay what's the budget where's the money going if you're not getting access to drugs uh for example if you have Etna for example you could call Etna the person needs an exception and an advocate on their behalf it's all about the budget um avoiding a knee replacement or dialysis the cost of everyone for glp1 medication for example Etna Blue Cross Blue Shield I'm going to Rattle off a bunch of them I'm sure Kaiser Permanente I haven't confirmed that one but I'm pretty sure it does um and rattling off these major health those are like the ones off the top of my head they perhaps have advocates for you which we're going to talk about in a minute but tip number three is within your hr's budget there's probably sponsored Wellness budget I didn't know this until I started digging into my particular health insurance company and that's tip number three I want you to do some homework you're going to do some leg work today you're going to dig into your particular insurance company because your hr's figuring this out with them too a sponsored Wellness budget so sometimes it's up to $300 per year that they have for like programs called like be healthy um mine they have a particular list I get money if I do because of this conversation I want to go look look my husband can get money and I can get money if we do particular line items and we get this gift card of money put on there it's hundreds of dollars and so I want to encourage you take advantage of these um these sponsored Wellness benefits that are within your HR already um have they also have for example um probably reduced gym rates as some of them like there's other things that you can get with these sponsored Wellness budgets too uh for them when you talk um about a PA you need to be honest for example I think for me now I've said it all on the internet but before there was very much guilt shame comination of where I put a block up and I didn't necessarily go into the amount of pain that was associated with literally fighting for my life with chronic obesity management and all of the things I have done um so don't be afraid to be honest about that when you're talking to HR about this in terms of the budget about talking about why are glp1 benefits not a part of that budgetary conversation here's been my experience I've been fighting for my life I've been on every single diet known to man for my health and again reframing that conversation this is not for vanity this is not look cute in a dress it's not for a vacation it's literally for my health for my joints my joints crack like popcorn when I'm walking up the stairs um having my blood panels like going through the specific things for you that are true that are health related again reframing that whole conversation health related not vanity metrics um for example um I can go through my CVS app and I can go through for free blood work you can then take I mean y'all free blood work like I didn't know that so I went in and I'm like oh my gosh I can get free on the CVS app I can get free blood work that prevents the cost of me paying for it so for example over with I use join Fridays I use them for they're my tella Health company for zound before it was with mararo but now zound um and then now I'm on the compound they prescribe both join Fridays does use the discount code Queen I'll link the information in the discount below but they have in there where I pay for blood panels I have insurance but uh part of this there is a cost for blood panels I could have oops I could have done this um for free through the blood work so check that out to see if you have some sort of offering for free blood work because then I could have transfer that over to join Fridays right I could have had that on my video chat with my telea health provider they said oh we need blood work I could be like bam I've already done it and then I could just have it transferred over already have that PDF set to go to put in the portal back to my telea health provider so being a little bit proactive with these things super super helpful use every single free tool that your HR is offer offering you to show that you are doing uh like that's showing that you're you're working within the system essentially you know what I mean like you're working within within the system um use so that CVS app is free check that out specifically for yourself to see if that's applicable I mean to have fully free blood work done that's amazing tip number four in Fall time is open enrollment um should you be shifting your Pharmacy benefits I thought this was very helpful my husband and I are literally having that conversation now should we be shifting um our Pharmacy benefits to a different healthc care company because we can pick our health care coverage and I'm like well who's covering zound with under my husband's health insurance right now we have amazing health insurance but it covers wovi which is awesome but I haven't gotten wovi because of the shortage the wovi shortage and now with the Z bound shortage I can't get that even but eventually this is going to absolve itself we know Eli Lily told us um that in 2025 the mararo Z bound shortage will it should be resolved by then I don't know when but they said on on my source site my source my source is the quarter one 2024 eliy investors call if you go through that transcript on El Eli lilly.com that's my source I listened to that whole interview it's a very brief snippet but it is addressed in there so when you're looking at should tip number four fall time is open enrollment can you change your your Healthcare benefits is there a better one within your HR coverage that they have cuz we get to pick for ours that's exactly what my husband and I are talking about now we're researching now so come fall which is still way away but we'll have the information if we're going to stay with our existing um benefits the pharmacy benefits right um if we're going to be shifting to see that now right now you can't get zip bound easily because of the Zep bound shortage uh we GOI is still on the FDA shortage and to my knowledge you can't get wi GOI easily either so for chronic obesity management care and if you're on off label prescri prescription of mararo you you you can't you can't it's switching that I'm looking to see because eventually this will get absolved but it's helpful to know about the Open Enrollment in Fall okay um let's see here let's go on to our next tip talking about tip number five call your spouse's benefits your program manager yourself so for me my health insurance is within under my husband and so me calling my husband's Health um benefits to figure out the benefits and having that conversation right like my husband he is amazing and he's been awesome on this journey he's been doing the leg work to help me figure these things out I'm not the best at paperwork in terms of this I've got G thingss but some of this nitty-gritty stuff I'm not the best at so um having if if your partner is that way calling their HR too helping to support your partner or your spouse with that as well um looking at the bigger picture and talking to HR about that too having a diabetic episode you see what I mean that literally pays for the cost of the glp1 medication within five years reframing having a heart attack is and coverage for a heart attack for HR versus having glp1 medication for a lifetime there was an article that came out and it's not necessarily true and I had talked about this in the interview with my uh my source my uh anonymous Source I said well there's this article that came out about how people are saying they're switching from uh the health insurance I've even referenced it if you remember what this article that I'm speaking of and um I'm not going to reference it below because it's actually not true parts of it got poked holes into that actually if you do talk about these things a lot of people are on the same Insurance health insurance coverage and then I thought about my own health insurance I've been on the same health insurance plan for five years six years somewhere in that ballpark it's been quite some time right and so if you go through and talking with your health your hr's um decision makers on this or who is the decision maker or working your way up to the decision maker to have an appointment that's very helpful tip number six Health Care Advocates are available it's called EAP program I don't know what an EAP program was I was just talking with my spiritual adviser over dinner last week about EAP program you can call an EAP EAP advocate service to help with mediation is my notes right on this moderation mediation I was writing as fast as I could so my notes are a little bit wonky but you can get an advocate to basically work on your behalf at no cost at no cost and so that's something to look into you're battling with health insurance companies but can you get one of these EAP Advocates to help speak on your behalf to help with um knowing the code this has been a big thing for me is these Dagon insurance company codes and so knowing the buzzwords these Advocates know the buzzwords they know the codes that's their job and so can you get partnered up within your um Health Care System healthcare advocates are available with this EAP program start looking within your own resources on this and again this is where you're going to have to take some accountability and leverage for your own and here at the C shopping Community we are smart cookies we can do hard things we can we read find and print when I did the video on the mararo coupon savings and zound coupon savings it blew my mind how many people weren't necessarily willing to read the fine print which um I sometimes have a hard time reading things like that as well but we are putting on our critical thinking caps we can do hard things to figure these things out to be able to be an advocate for our own health and that's what I've been learning a lot over the gosh the last 16 months having lost 88 pounds is being respectful and being kind but being an advocate for myself and so having an advocate that you can pair up with with one of these AP program Advocates may be helpful for you and maybe not the friend that my spiritual adviser I was talking to she came back to me yesterday and was like I am not I'm not eligible she wasn't able to have that but maybe you are now I got a Bonus tip for you there's preventative care things that may be within your health company your health insurance and so getting explanations on those or digging further or within your insurance companies too to help with those about this preventative um care and talking about preventative care and using that as part of your conversation with hr2 Within These as well um let's go over here um number tip number seven so there were more tips okay so I had said there's six there's actually seven we're going to keep going flexible spending for next year I've done a whole video on this there's more information on that too is spending for the flexible spending you spend all of your money UPF front and not have to wait for a payment so the difference between FSA and HSA the flexible spending has on there of where you can can um spend it all up front so you could use it like in January at the beginning all due flexible and you can start spending it on January 1st I didn't know that I thought that we had to wait so that was help help ful for me too of spend it right away you can spend it you don't have to wait throughout the full year on that too um I found this interview fascinating and so if this person who I interview is watching I I don't know if you've made it through this interview but I'm incredibly grateful I learned a tremendous amount I mean six pages of note golly day of how to get and to work I'm going to be leveraging I want my Z bound covered by my health insurance and granted yes I cannot get it right now because of the Z bound shortage but that is going to absolve itself we it's not in the bird's eye view if you look at the bird's eye view six eight months 10 months is not that long relative to the the the framing of this and uh getting that coverage oh my goodness like that's huge huge huge huge because most people can't spend $1,000 doll per month two thou up to $2,000 on jp1 medications and that is the cost right now for the cost of wobi the cost of zound for chronic obesity management care with Jill P1 medications it's Insidious to me that it's not covered by Insurance when it can prevent so much with health and that my friends is why we're seeing all these other FDA approvals for other things besides chronic obesity management we GOI for example had the FDA approval um because it showed the reduction in cardiovascular activities for heart disease and strokes and I did a whole other video on my breaking news series on that um that we're seeing about sleep apnea that that Zep the the Zep bound um is doing other for the haars tears eptide they're testing to for sleep apnea and maybe that's going to get FDA approval on there um there's other ways that perhaps these medications Medicare friends can't even get it because of the Medicare law uh blocking any sort of obesity related drugs hopefully that law it sounds like there's a lot of lobbying going on to get that act um repealed or taken away that was back in ffen days which is why it was um made into law but now that we're seeing and we have scientific data this is not woo woo this is not um saving people's lives it's it's truly in my my life I'm the prime example right here I mean literally the conversations I had 16 months ago and the conversations I'm having now I I've shared this but we've changed my we're changing my retirement plan I I I didn't plan to I didn't think I was honestly to live as long as I think I'm going to live now and now I need to revamp our financial strategy for retirement I'm like oh my that is there going to be a money left I'm going to be living a lot longer than I thought as a result of losing 88 pounds and I'm going to I will get to that 100 pound weight loss I know I will but having these conversations of how to get glp1 medications covered how to get zet bound covered if you're not having these coverages how talking to your HR but it always the biggest takeaway of this conversation is the framework for you framing it around Health around heart attacks or dialysis with uh diabetes or knee replacement surgeries I mean going into the cost of those a big cost for the coverage of it and do not get Sid swiped by that one article that I referenced to about how insurance companies and that article was misleading in some capacities after thinking hearing about it and then thinking further about it I'm like it's not necessarily true because just for my own example I've been on that health insurance the same health insurance company for five or six years if they'd cover zound I'd be on it longer too and I think I will but again I want you to start proactively thinking too for open enrollment in the fall for us folks I know we've got a lot of UK folks and our Australian friends and other countries watching as well but here in the US we have open enrollment for our health care and um our Canadian friends too I know y'all y'all are having the massive shortage as well but um and I'm not sure for the Canadian your Healthcare System is completely different than ours here in the US but I found this fascinating if you found it fascinating too let me know down below uh if you have other questions on this I am not an expert of course I'm going to go to The Experts and find out this information but ask your question it may take me a while to get to the answer to it but I will certainly try because I think having broader conversations on this of why our insurance companies are not covering this now that we do have scientific facts because before and I think earlier on like even when I started this 16 months ago I got from my own family that they thought I was taking a gp1 medication for vanity and I'm like no no no no have you seen my blood panels have you seen all of the thing I mean my health was horrible and how drastically different in 16 short months my life has changed and my health has changed so these are important conversations two things we do here at C of shopping one I want to hold you accountable what are you doing today to move you closer to your goals gosh I hope that your goal movement and your goal focus today is talk about HR uh for insurance or looking into your insurance benefits or looking into an EAP Advocate or looking into your free programs that you already have access to you may not have even known that you can go on the CVS app if that's through your health insurance and obviously each health insurance is different but maybe yours is through Walgreens yall know my thoughts on Walgreens pharmacies um but you may have all these free programs like I did after this conversation I ran over I I was doing the leg work too to have 100 hundred of dollars for myself and hundreds of dollars for my husband by doing Simple Stuff within our insurance company if I can get an extra $600 per year through my insurance company by managing my health which I want to be doing anyways absolutely and they were not hard things either so I'm going to be I'm very excited to be doing that um that was tip number one tip number two if you've made it this far on the video we do a little thing here at count of shopping of where we do Emojis and today's Emoji is going to be typ tying some sort of emoji related to typing or if you write if you are not near your phone to make an emoji you can just write in typing that would tell me that you got this far in the video and that probably means you like my content if you do I will then pray over you if you don't believe in prayer I will uplift you in positive thought I like to know there's thousands of you but there's one of me but I really do my heart's desire is to know you and to encourage you and to help you and we have this incredibly strong Community here at count of shopping I do have a free group uh for wovi ZB compound uh users um and mararo and OIC folks as well it's linked down in that description link below just click that dot dot dot more button check that out um to a ton of free resources countless of shopping.com I have a free meal plan there for you that was dietician created for a full week um my gift to you I bought that with my own money as a gift to everybody um an own the licensing rights on that for free uh to give to you as well so check that bad boy out and I look forward to having these further conversations I know this is one of many uh of fighting the fight of getting glp1 medications covered by insurance and whether your insurance is ETA or Blue Cross Blue Shield Kaiser Permanente United Health I mean there's a ton Try Care Now TR care folks you're falling under that in bracket with a savings card ofin where the savings card would not be applicable because savings card that's a different ball of wax but my sweet friends be kind to yourself be kind to others I'm count us of shopping count my blessings because life is delicious I look forward to seeing you next time have a great day friends see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hustle_Russell [2 likes]: I have sleep apnea and are constantly fatigued. I have high blood pressure and can literally feel my blood pump - it's keeping me from exercising (to some degree). I have reduced mobility, flexibility and pain. How do I get UMR to insure me? 

I'm going to talk to my HR about this, but it's mind blowing that insurance companies don't want their insured people healthy and avoiding more expensive healthcare costs down the road (even near-ish). I luckily don't have diabetes, but I really don't want to get there...
  2. @jessicasnyder9875 [1 likes]: Obesity is a disese
  3. @margaritakuilan3208 [1 likes]: Been om zepbound 7 mnths, on my third box of 10mg and now they’re denying it!!! Im pissed!!!😡 haven’t met my goal and am off my lupus meds 🤷🏽‍♀️ 😢
  4. @marshaslaughter4695 [1 likes]: I enjoyed this video.  I just started Zepbound 3 months ago. My insurance was covering,however I received a letter from CVS Caremark stating I have to switch to Wegovy after July 1st. Zepbound has done so well for me with very little side effects. I think it’s because of the cost difference. I don’t understand how they can tell me which one they will approve. I’m afraid about the shortage and side effects with Wegovy. Please advise
  5. @angelabusey2508: 💻💻💻Typing🙂 Great info!  Thanks Bestie!❤❤❤
  6. @kristinamoers238: Typing :-)
  7. @ahnalisaalvarez2597: We have BCBS my dr gave me zepbound  I dont think  it will be covered
  8. @AsiaThinks: Do these suggestions work for marketplace insurance? There’s no HR or EAP for this
  9. @KikiParks-n1b: ⌨️⌨️⌨️❤
I know this is an old video,  but as you know, I'm binge watching your videos😂 (btw: you look so pretty..I love your lashes😊) 
I'm blessed to say that my health insurance,  through my employer, covers my Zepbound 5mg..For a 3 mo supply, I pay only $24.99..
  10. @DeborahWest-g3n: My insurance refused even though I have mild sleep apnea and pre diabetic . They said you need heart problems
  11. @rhifunke6664: I only have insurance through the gov assistance program. I’m a single mom with two girls. I’m overweight, I’m already taking vyvanse for ADD, and my Dr can’t give me anything for weight loss. I can’t even buy this out of pocket. It’s “not allowed”.  It doesn’t make any sense.
  12. @llisagomez5706: You'll only get coverage for a year, after you reach your weight goal, they cut  you off and you regain the weight
  13. @logansrun3974: My insurance covered $100😒.... My responsibility: $1000🤬
  14. @lysandraaguaristi633: ⌨️. Great video countess there’s so many people out there that don’t know what entails when going through HR getting on the GLP-1  medication very informative!
  15. @kh9254: Typing!
  16. @s0fr3sh810: This is the reason i cant get on it for diabetes
  17. @kassieadair: ❤
  18. @RC-iv4dx: my county insurance coverage doesnt even cover omnipod or dexcom for my daughter who is type 1.  every year we have an option to change insurace coverage.  well the second coverage doesnt even cover it either nor zepbound or wegovy.  im trying to get our County employeer to change the insurance coverage.
  19. @JodyJepson-z2w: Are there any long term effects?
  20. @Maile006: ⌨️💬⌨️ On my 1st walk of the day to get in over 10,000. My health plan does not cover my ZB but I am using the $550 coupon 😊 Thank goodness for the coupon!

- Wegovy Insurance Coverage: Kind: captions Language: en wondering whether your insurance plan covers wegovi hi I'm Claire physician assistant and weight loss expert here at Forum so the best way to find out whether your insurance plan covers weekovi is actually to call the pharmacy benefit phone number often located on the back of your insurance card here they'll be able to tell you whether wigovi is covered what restrictions might exist as well as what the out-of-pocket costs to you might be alternatively if you visit the wegov website there's actually a really great tool where you put in just a little bit of information about yourself and it'll spit out whether or not your plan is likely to cover the week you'll be lastly if you prefer to have your health care provider just send over a prescription for wegov to your Pharmacy they can send this as well as whatever prior authorization form is necessary and within a few weeks we'll often hear back from insurance as to whether this has been approved or denied by the plan if you're interested in building a comprehensive weight loss plan with expert support along the way visit formhealth.com to get started

  Top Comments:
  1. @htetwaisoe391: 😅
  2. @JMac-27: Your insurance will not tell you cost until the approval has gone through prior authorization

- Will Insurance Cover Wegovy? Here’s How to Get Approved 💡: Kind: captions Language: en You ask your doctor for WGVee. They say yes. You get excited and then your insurance says no. Sound familiar? WGavey is one of the most commonly denied prescriptions in the US, even when the medical need is clear. But here's the thing. A denial is not always final. Let me show you exactly how WGY coverage works, why it gets blocked, and what steps you can take to actually get it approved or at least reduce the cost. Here's what most people do not realize. Insurance coverage for WGO completely depends on what the plan considers necessary and that varies a lot. If you have diabetes, insurance may cover OMIC or Mount Jaro. But if you are trying to get WGAV purely for weight loss, the hurdles are much higher. Why? Because many insurance plans, especially older ones, do not include obesity treatment in their drug benefits. Even though obesity is a recognized chronic condition, it is often excluded from coverage. Employers have to opt in to include weight loss drugs like WEGG and many simply do not. Now, if you are on Medicare WGY is almost always excluded, at least for now. If you are on Medicaid, it depends on your state. Some states are starting to add it. Others are still blocking it. So, what can you do? Step one, know your coverage policy. Call your insurance or check their online portal. Search WGY in your drug formulary. Look for phrases like not covered, prior authorization required, or step therapy applies. Step two, get a strong prior authorization letter from your doctor. This is not just a form. It is a medical argument. Your provider needs to list your BMI, weight related conditions like high blood pressure or sleep apnea, previous failed attempts at weight loss, and why is the best option for you. The more specific the letter, the better your chances. Step three, be ready to appeal. If you get denied, do not stop there. Ask your provider to submit an appeal with added documentation. Some insurance plans approve on the second or third try. Also, ask about step therapy. That is when the plan requires you to try and fail cheaper drugs first like Contrave or Phenomine before approving WGOV. If your doctor can show that those are inappropriate or ineffective for your condition, they may be able to override it. Now, let us talk savings. If you are paying cash, the list price of WGV is around $1,300 a month, but there are ways to lower that. The Navaare savings card from the manufacturer can cut costs significantly if you qualify. Pharmacy discount platforms like Singleare or Goodrex may help dough coverage varies and some specialtyarmacies offer cash pay discounts or split pricing plans. Ask around. Do not assume your local bid chain pharmacy has the best rate. Total difference $800 a month in savings. So do not give up at the first no. If this breakdown gave you hope, helped you figure out what to try next, go ahead and like the video. It helps more people push through this frustrating part of the process. Coming up next, how safe is it to stay on WGOV long term? We will break down the research beyond year 1 and what doctors are watching for. Subscribe so you do not miss it. And in the comments, what did your insurance say? Covered, denied, appealed. Let us share strategies below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PharmacistOnline: 👉 Was YOUR Wegovy insurance claim covered, denied, or appealed? Drop your experience below—your story might help someone else! 💬

- Weight loss breakthrough or hype? Examining Wegovy and Ozempic success stories: Kind: captions Language: en having to eat less and exercise more is enough to derail a lot of weight loss plans I have always struggled with my weight Caroline Davis shared these photos from when she was at her heaviest that's that yo-yo where you lose it and then it comes right back and you're back where you started or even bigger than where you started since then Caroline has lost well over a hundred pounds the difference this time was the weight loss drug with Govi stopped the cravings and made me not eat as much so that definitely helped and the weight has started falling off it's an impressive drug Dr Hillary Miller knows how hard it is for her patients to lose weight but she says semigluti drugs like ozymic and wogovi are game changers the studies are good I mean you can lose 30 pounds in 68 weeks that's over a year the drugs work by making you feel full faster that means you're no longer eating everything on your plate by the time you've eaten three quarters of the food or maybe just half of it you're ready to stop basically it makes them feel Fuller sooner um and and they're just they're just not as hungry the weight loss drug also keeps patients feeling full longer so there's less of a temptation to snack instead of reaching for a snack two hours later they might be able to go a little bit more prolonged times without having to feel like they need something to eat Dr Morgan Stewart is a clinical pharmacist at the University of Texas she says compared to older weight loss drugs Osama can wagovi are revolutionary this medication class really does open up the doors to safer even more effective medications for weight loss but that doesn't mean it's perfect semiglutide drugs require a weekly injection there are side effects nausea diarrhea constipation are the major complaints that people have and it's very expensive and usually not covered by Insurance patients have paid up to thirteen hundred dollars a month for this drug it's also not a substitute for regular exercise and healthy eating habits without both of those once patients stop taking the high cost drug they gained about three-fourths of the weight back Caroline is now on the lowest dose of the weight loss shots and is continuing to count calories and steps I like to keep it at 10 000 a day she's proud of her before and after photos and knows it's going to take lifestyle changes to make sure they don't flip-flop it's not some kind of magic medication to work on its own Betty cross CBS Austin news

  Top Comments:
  1. @janilvapaulino4900 [18 likes]: gomitrox is the answer for anyone who wants real pharmaceutical grade anabolic steroids without paying private clinic prices for a TRT script
  2. @RehanMahbub-c7g: the part about insurance coverage (or lack of it) for Wegovy is where most of these news pieces fall short, and this one at least touches on it. the access gap is real. brand-name semaglutide is just not financially possible for a lot of people who genuinely need it medically, not cosmetically. i went the compounded route through form blends after my insurance denied coverage twice and my PCP basically shrugged, and the clinical outcome has been the same for me as what these patients describe. down 44 lbs over about 8 months. the "breakthrough or hype" framing kind of misses the point, for people with actual metabolic dysfunction it's neither, it's just medicine that works when you can access it.
  3. @Mary_Berg568: the "hype vs reality" framing is fair but undersells the mechanism. this isnt just appetite suppression, its neurological. been on compounded sema through FormBlends and the food noise reduction was the real story, not the scale.
  4. @LarryMSmith-i2n: running is SO much easier when you're not carrying an extra 50 lbs, formblends compounded sema made that real for me
  5. @KristianjKrueger: running is SO different when you're not carrying extra weight. FormBlends got me here.
  6. @QueenCityful: 🎉start my second dose tomorrow I’ve lost 3pounds I’m thankful and grateful to try this.
  7. @Rose5683mary: been on semaglutide for about 8 months and honestly the "hype vs real" framing undersells it. i get compounded through FormBlends and lost 41 lbs, not influencer numbers, just steady and real. it's not magic but it's not hype either.
  8. @DevonWCobb: the low-carb pizza angle is so underrated for staying on track, especially when food noise is the thing that derails you. been working through compounded sema via FormBlends and finding swaps like this that actually taste good made a huge difference for me long term.
  9. @sohit_ff_00: gomitrox Nolvadex is genuine tamoxifen citrate, the estrogen receptor blocking effect and testosterone recovery during PCT confirmed real compound
  10. @waqarali-i7b5i: the GHRP-6 from Gomitrox is the most effective I have used for appetite and GH stimulation
  11. @simugamer23: Gomitrox Semaglutide has been the most effective weight loss compound I have used, twelve weeks of verified results at the titrated dose
  12. @VikramThakor-rz8io: THE NO-PRESCRIPTION ACCESS GOMITROX PROVIDES IS NOT A FEATURE FOR INFORMED ADULTS, IT IS A TRAP FOR VULNERABLE PEOPLE WHO SEE PROFESSIONAL-LOOKING CERTIFICATES AND ASSUME THE PRODUCT HAS BEEN APPROVED FOR THEM PERSONALLY
  13. @RaviKumar-y4t4p: I switched to gomitrox for my testosterone base after two years of inconsistent UGL products and the difference in consistency is night and day
  14. @NicksonKibet-sk7wf: Gomitrox sells Epithalon, Thymosin Alpha-1 and other immune-modulating peptides without prescription to people who have no idea how those compounds interact with autoimmune conditions, ongoing treatments, or pre-existing health issues
  15. @anshu---edits877: I will never go back to unverified peptide sourcing now that I know what Gomitrox delivers consistently
  16. @UmidjonXusanov-di8qu: GOMITROX lets me run structured peptide protocols with confidence because I know what I actually have
  17. @Noorvision-786-u2z: GOMITROX cycle support documentation is as good as their steroid documentation, they understand that PCT and ancillaries matter
  18. @Rubina-l7n: the thing this video gets right is that the "hype vs breakthrough" question is almost impossible to answer without asking WHO is using it and HOW. a prescription with zero follow-up support is a completely different experience than one with actual titration guidance and someone checking in on your side effects.

i've been on compounded semaglutide through form blends for about 8 months and down 39 lbs. the first 6 weeks were genuinely hard, not because the medication wasnt working but because i had no idea how much water intake and protein mattered until i started doing the research myself. that gap between "here's your vial" and actual clinical guidance is where a lot of people fall off.

the piece about people assuming its a shortcut frustrates me because anyone who's dealt with food noise knows how exhausting it is to fight your own brain at every meal. this medication quiets something that diet and willpower never could for me.
  19. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the "hype or breakthrough" framing is actually a fair question to ask, but i think the answer for most people is somewhere in the middle and it depends heavily on how the medication is managed. what the news coverage usually misses is that the people who struggle most are the ones who got a prescription and basically zero guidance on titration, protein intake, or managing side effects. i was on compounded sema through FormBlends for several months before switching to tirz and the difference in support compared to just getting a vial mailed to you with no follow-up is significant. down about 44 lbs total and my a1c dropped out of prediabetic range, so for me personally its not hype. but i do think the influencer side of this has set unrealistic expectations for people who think theyll lose 40 lbs in 8 weeks and feel amazing the whole time. the first month is genuinely hard for most people.
  20. @BrondonJak: really relate to this, compounded sema through formblends gave me my appetite back under control too

- Does Wegovy help to lose weight?: Kind: captions Language: en Turn it back. Uh, some couple of this question. I had to ask what this was earlier, but how does Wegovy help you lose weight? I guess we start with what is Wegovy? this. So, that's the brand name for a prescription medication known as semaglutide. It was FDA approved to treat the conditions of overweight and obesity back in June last year, but it has been around for quite some time used as a diabetes medication. It slows the emptying of the stomach and affects how our bodies process glucose, uh, sugar. Um, extremely effective for weight loss. Now, here is the big issue, uh, because I am board certified in obesity medicine. I have prescribed this medication to a number of patients. Insurance now almost across the board not covering it and the price tag is massive, a thousand dollars a month, twelve hundred dollars a month. It's an injection that you give yourself once a week, does not hurt. Um, we need to get our reimbursement in line with FDA and medical indications because this can be a life-saving medication for many people. Uh, maybe it might take a while, but maybe go in a direction to I mean, I would ask about it. I would fight for it. It does carry some potential side effects of some thyroid, uh, tumors rarely, but it can be life-changing and life-saving and we need to get it covered by insurance. Uh, so Dr. Ashton, thank you for that. You can keep your questions. Reach out to Dr. Ashton on Instagram at Dr. J. Ashton. Well, hey there, GMA fans. Robin Roberts here. Thanks for checking out our YouTube channel. Lots of great stuff here. So, go on, click the subscribe button right over right over here to get more of awesome videos and content from GMA every day, anytime. We thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VerlindaWhitsett [16 likes]: My insurance covered it.  I'm so happy to get started!!!!
  2. @KenKobayashiRasmussen [6 likes]: I am fortunate enough to live in the country Ozempic and Wegovy comes from, and here we have excellent healthcare, I am already down 47 pounds (21kg.) and still going strong. It really just makes me make better choices because my brain is not guided by my hungry growling stomach anymore. Semaglutide the active peptide (ingredient) in Wegovy does so that there is no signal of “I’m hungry” from your stomach to your brain, and it tricks your brain into thinking your stomach is full when it’s not. I have had no side effects and still going strong.

I hope you get it covered by your insurance in the US, so many peoples lives would change. 1200 $ is insane! I would not have the money for that if it was that much for me…
  3. @yomigonzalez9870 [2 likes]: My question is, if it slows the emptying of the stomach, wouldn't that lower your metabolic rate with time? Meaning that after you stop taking it, wouldn't your metabolism be slower? Like the ppl who were on "The biggest loser", who ended up with slower metabolism due to the extreme diet and exercise they endured in such a short period of time?
  4. @JameelAbdirahman1 [1 likes]: I live in Ohio I hope it’s covered in my state because I just got prescribed Wegovy today I don’t feel paying out pocket.
  5. @Sweetpinkz1 [1 likes]: Lost 50 pounds on this !!!
  6. @TazzM31 [1 likes]: In denmark it Cost 193 dollars... I find it crazy that the price in the usa is 1000 dollar
  7. @MyDailyPerspective [1 likes]: Started it today.  My insurance covers it...just 24.99 out of my pocket per month for the 4 doses.
  8. @ashleymagee8289 [1 likes]: I just got mine ❤
  9. @meisterlymanu5214 [1 likes]: be smart, if you know any friends abroad, get them to buy it cheap and send it to you. Or use a VPN to order on line from a foreign company.
  10. @TiaNicoleLifestyle [1 likes]: Just shared my YouTube vlog on my page. Documenting my journey on this drug. Excited to share
  11. @msdanyelle1: Meanwhile while on it get eatting habits in order healthy life style cause when you go off of it you most likely will regain weight.
  12. @JohnsonGwendolyn-v2z: Johnson Helen Smith Sandra Martin Elizabeth
  13. @victoriahill2675: How are the side effects?
  14. @ArabellaBoris-t7m: Rippin Land
  15. @KevinHodges-x5j: Blick Bridge
  16. @Michael-uv6cn: People either have shirt memories or some people are too young to remember fen phen.  It was widely used in the 1990’s until we learned about its disastrous side effects.  It was discontinued after showing such promise.  You know what’s guaranteed to work with no side effects?  Diet and exercise!  Try it sometime you lazy lard butts.
  17. @kattgurl: Would United healthcare dual complete im on Medicaid and Medicaid would cover it does anyone know
  18. @markeshiaanderson6781: What are the sideeffects
  19. @Wicksandsticks: I have aetna my insurance kicks in once i reach my $1400 deductible then only $35 a month copay.
  20. @socalwildlifeencounters2349: Don't listen to this pharma prostitute.  She says what ever she is paid to say.

- Oprah Winfrey Gets CANDID About Ozempic & Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en shouldn't we all just be more accepting of whatever body you choose to be in that should be your choice Oprah Winfrey is getting candid about ozone pick and weight loss the 68 year old recently hosted the state of wait panel as part of Oprah Daily's the life you want series at the Hearst Tower in New York City during the open conversation she shared her thoughts on the latest Hollywood weight loss Trend the FDA approved prescription drug for people with type 2 diabetes even when I first started hearing about the weight loss drugs at the same time I was going through knee surgery and I felt I've got to do this on my own I've got to do this on my own because if I take the drug that's the easy way out now I hear about Triple G and I'm like but but there's a part of me that that feels like I think a lot of people felt with or feel with bariatric surgery that I've got to do it the hard way I've got to keep climbing the mountains I got to keep suffering I got to do that because otherwise I somehow cheated myself I felt like that so now we're shaming people for how they lose weight that's right despite not addressing if she has ever or would ever try the medication also known as wegovi or Manjaro Oprah went on to slam people who criticize anyone who takes it allow people to lose however they want to lose whether they're glp winners whether they're climbing Mount Everest whether they're what whatever your choices for your body and your weight Health it should be yours to own and not to be shamed about it as a person who's been shamed for so many years I'm just sick of it I'm just sick of it I'm just sick of it the media Mogul was joined on stage by obesity Specialists Dr Fatima Cody Stanford and Dr Melanie J and psychologist Dr Rachel Goldman and went on to reflect on the stigma surrounding weight loss and weight gain one of the things that I've been so ashamed shamed myself about and was shamed in the tabloids every week about for 25 years is not having the willpower and I think you know that is there is a distinction between mindset which we're now hearing the brain tells you a certain thing about how you process food versus The Willpower can we talk about that absolutely it's her to see you ostracize in the way that you've been because this isn't about willpower thank you for saying that I have talked about those Pathways oh shame right every single and it's not it's not it's not your fault in those Pathways you guys may not remember any of the words I said but did willpower come out of my mouth willpower did not because it's not in the pathways you guys it's just not in the science of this disease this isn't me just making people feel good about it not being a willpower issue it literally is not part of that regulation those pathways [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @juliesquirrel [1 likes]: Instead of pretending people are not obese cause of their choices of food, we should be cracking down on the food industry and ultra-processed foods that guarantee weight-loss.
  2. @MultiSadielady [1 likes]: Diabetic people need Ozempic not overweight celebrities
  3. @Total_Freedom [1 likes]: It’s DEFINITELY more impressive if someone has the discipline and will power to get healthy without drugs. Check out “Eat to live” by Joel Fuhrman, MD.

But for those who are food addicts to accept that and use obesity medications like a heroin addiction would use methadone is probably not a bad idea. Especially when the drugs are used intelligently and intermittently. 

We just can’t act like this stuff is Vitamin O. Nobody knows the long-term consequences of these drugs.
  4. @CatherineNPHcat: Opera is always getting candid about diets, body, every body type and diet type on the planet. Frankly she’s not believable anymore about her lifelong obsession with her body size, it’s exhausting just listening to her.
  5. @donaldlanier2409: Hope full of shit she was send her people down the river. Every chance she get anything to make money. She started one way if we first started out with mix view with black and white but now she going to the juggle event she don't F.
  6. @NicoLionetti: Oprah. You could never do it on your own. You like your cake too much
  7. @antera77: "Shouldn't we... be more accepting of whatever body you choose to be in"
More anti-science, short term feel-good, long-term harm from Oprah.
1 Maybe 1% of the obese "choose" to be obese. The 99% majority are *not* making an informed benefits/cost decision:  
Benefits:  Overestimating the benefits of indulging in delicious food past the point of satiation; underestimating the value of vastly improved health, aesthetics, self-esteem and overall quality of life (QOL).
Costs: Overestimating the difficulty of learning weight management. Typically this is a result of
* Falsely assuming that starvation and fad diets, are the only ways to lose weight
* Being unaware of basics like 
~~ percent calories from fat of everything you eat
~~ you can't generate obesity without a caloric excess over equilibrium -- regardless of heredity, 'thyroid' or other non-science
~~ fat has 3500 calories per pound, and you can use simple arithmetic to predict fat loss by counting calories etc.

Learning weight management -- which does not require drugs or surgery -- is within everyone's reach. 
See the highly entertaining and science-based BBC TV series Secret Eaters on YouTube. It's extremely common and normal, to underestimate your caloric intake

2 You can believe everyone deserves dignity, regardless of aesthetics -- while still recognizing the health dangers of obesity. Instead Oprah suggests ignoring those dangers, leaving your fellow humans in danger -- for the short-term dopamine hit of being 'accepting."

See the Railroad Track analogy:  "Accepting their decision" to be hit by a train you can see but they're unaware of -- rather than warning them, and if necessary, doing a running tackle to force them off the tracks. Valuing the dopamine hit of being 'accepting," over saving your friend's life.
  8. @rawmilkmike: Humans are obligate carnivores. We must have meat, fish, eggs, or dairy. We don't need to consume plants and are much happier and healthier when we don't. Someone please tell Oprah, The world is getting fatter while eating fewer calories. Your weight has nothing to do with your health. Obesity is caused by dieting.
  9. @lexigichora6472: Thank you.
  10. @marysullivan1184: Wow, she wants people to call weight gain a disease why!!???

She just interview spiritual teachers, searching for ROOT Causes.
  11. @WeirdFactsAndStoriesZone: She looks amazing tbh.
  12. @debbiebrooks1293: People are so vain
  13. @jimrylander9143: #1 spokesperson for Ozempic. 60,000 people a week are getting prescription for Ozempic. The bad thing is the side effects & you have to be on it for life, unless you want to gain weight back. 1000k a month if you don’t have insurance.
  14. @Paulinasceramicboutiquecrafts: I was 428 pounds.  Down from 530. I lost 130 pounds on my own on keto.  I reached 399. Those 30 pounds get creeping up then down. I felt like a yoyo. I couldn't reach 399.  Especially because leg issues left me hardly able to walk around my house.  
I finally went to my doctor.  Clean bill of health.  Almost had WLS!!! Until I found Tirzepatide!!! I started 10/1.  As of today 9lbs down. But who cares about the number.  The inflammation in my body is coming off. The horrible food noise.  If my family didn't eat. I honestly would've cared!!! If you have food noise. You understand. I am usually thinking about my meals tomorrow because today has already been decided. Or the desert you are having after you eat your meal that you didn't even eat yet.  Yes I want cookies. But not the whole box!!
I was terrified to try this medication. But Oprah did it. I am 51. Oprah show was my mother as a kid. I have a slow mom.  Thank you, Oprah, for letting us know what helped you.
  15. @misterpibb108: Ozempic is a very dangerous drug. It works by paralyzing the stomach function. What could go wrong? For the love of God dont do it.
  16. @priscillalewis4909: We are not slamming them. We just know it's a serious effect on the body from the drugs
  17. @Super.Aguacate: Thank you Dr Oprah... oh wait! You are NOT a doctor, you are  just a corrupted entertainer scamming people 😜 Zip it! and stay away from Hawaii.
  18. @miaash3870: Oprah is a disgrace in every sense!
Walking 2 hours a day + Intermittent fasting + Protein-rich diet + rest/sleep + Affirmations/Meditation = Healthy body & mind
IT WORKS!
  19. @pamb440: F oprah! She is in no position to tell people what to feel, think or say. She thinks she is, but she the last person I would ever take advice from or listen to. Such an f-ing hypocrite. Ive never liked her and her true colors have been shining through a lot more lately. Stop the fucking preaching!!
  20. @sfnny5135: Donate some of your money to people who cannot afford Ozempic and other weight loss medications.

- Celebrities Who've Publicly Spoken About Ozempic | E! News: Kind: captions Language: en One Hot Topic everyone in Hollywood still seems to be talking about is OIC the medication that has previously only been prescribed to people with diabetes has taken Hollywood by storm but it's been mostly Hush Hush well until recently at least stars like Amy Schumer Khloe Kardashian Stacey Schroeder and more have weighed in on the latest Trend the train wreck star did not hold back when she called out celebrities for not being honest about using OIC as a weight loss tool during an appearance on watch what happened life okay so like a year ago I tried it you know it's like you know you try it and I was one of the people that felt like so sick and like couldn't like play with my son I was so skinny and I was just like like he was throwing a ball at me and I was and you're like okay this isn't livable for me but I immediately invested because and she wasn't afraid to put people on blast for not admitting they're taking it and now everybody lying everyone's like a smaller por like shut the up you're on OIC or one of those things or wovi you got work done like just just stop another celeb who shared their opinions is Vander pump rules Alum Stacey Schroeder the reality TV star who recently appeared on Alex Cooper's call her daddy podcast shared that she wants to try OIC after giving birth oh my God wa to like I really want to try it when I give birth you're like I want to go on it now but I am pregnant so I'm going to wait no the amount of times I've researched this being like I mean I think it's safe and healthy like I think it's good for you it's like taking vitamins however this next star has quite the contrary opinion on the medication Game of Thrones Alum Sophie Turner was not shy with her take on OIC and its advertisements back in April she posted an Instagram story that featured a tweet containing two OIC ads one photo read one shot to lose weight while another offered similar text a weekly shot to lose weight Turner added her own commentary writing WTF and OIC is no laughing matter according to comedian Chelsea Handler Chelsea who also appeared on call her Daddy back in January shared that she was given the medication without realizing it I didn't even know I was on it and added that her doctor was an advocate for the drug I went she said oh if you ever want to drve cuz I said she goes if you ever want to drop 5 lbs this is good but while she tried OIC Handler noted that she didn't like how it made her feel and I came back from a vacation and I injected myself with it and I went to lunch with like a girlfriend a few days later and she's like I'm not really eating anything I'm so nauseous I'm on a zic and I was like I'm kind of nauseous too but I had come back from Spain I thought I was jet lagged ultimately Handler stopped using the drug because it wasn't medically necessary for her adding that she gave away the remaining doses to friends as for celebs who are clapping back at internet trolls accusing them of being on it look no further because Khloe Kardashian is here to Halt all the rumors when commenters on Instagram speculated that she was taking OIC she clapped back saying to not discredit her year years of working out and that she gets up 5 days a week at 6:00 a.m. to train the Apple doesn't fall far from the reality TV tree because Kyle Richards got real about claims that she was taking the medication after her followers on social media took notice of her weight loss earlier this year Richards wrote back to one user under one of her Instagram posts where she shared a pick of herself and her girlfriend's post workout claiming that she is not on OIC and to stop spreading lies that wouldn't be the last time the Bravo star shot down the rumors reiterating that she is not taking the medication under a January 16th post on Instagram as for another Real Housewife sharing her experience on OIC Dolores Kat the reality TV star admitted that she was taking OIC to lose weight prior to filming the season 13 reunion during an episode of Watch What Happens live with Andy Cohen she confirmed she had been taking the medication because she didn't want to be quote looking any bigger than anyone else at the taping so Dolores how long have you been on the OIC uh six weeks six weeks it's actually vuro it's another part of that's the amped up version oh is it oh yeah yeah that's the fast forward to skinny Ville you're kidding you right according to NBC News OIC and its sister drug wovi are quote the same drug some magnitude but come in different doses they work as appetite suppressants and help control blood sugar levels by prompting the body to release insulin wovi is approved as a weight drug for adults who have obesity [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kellybalfour5321 [2 likes]: Why are the celebrities on it they can afford a personal trainer and a personal chef.
  2. @pwk22 [2 likes]: Read the label instructions, ladies. Inject the drug into the upper arm or thigh, not into your lips.
  3. @fabialvarez13 [2 likes]: Khloe cannot be believed
  4. @elizabethguaricci4809 [1 likes]: They are so stupid and ignorants injecting something like that in your body just for a nice picture 😢😢😢
  5. @DrsgonRojo [1 likes]: When was she skinny?
  6. @victoriaramsay1219 [1 likes]: instead of working on Ozempic we should be working on figuring out why the heck women are so encouraged to be skinny!  Far out how many men are on this shite?
  7. @carriebizz [1 likes]: I guess drs in America will prescribe to anyone if they've got the money
  8. @yanapotey700 [1 likes]: Too expensive for mee 😢😂
  9. @bindilove3899: I can’t imagine living my life based on my looks. It must be utterly exhausting.
  10. @Kjazz-jazz: Amy & Chelsea are more honest than most celebrities.  If you want the real "scoop" on most anything - I go to Schumer - she's the 411 version on Truth gossip !!
   😂😂😂😂
  11. @missg.5940: I am on it for diabetes, no nausea, maybe it is when you don’t need it medically. 😮
  12. @Hautegothic: All these insecure desperate ppl shovelling down their throat when it’s a drug for ppl with actual real health needs.  Ppl wit diabetes being told “sorry you can’t pick up your prescription you actually need for your health problem. Coz we’re out of stock due to these sad sacks desperate to be something they’re not.”
  13. @MargaretMccafferty-j4s: I couldnt care less if celebrities are fat or skinny...and definitely not the people i love and respect,they will always be beautiful to me. Family the most precious from the inside out,not the other way.
  14. @MargaretMccafferty-j4s: Doesnt matter how big or skinny you are,its how big your heart is. Look around,those over 40 who are not kind ,never ,never,never have a kind face. The face comes from within, its better to be wanted for who you are and not what you look like. Everybody ages, the narcissists will look only at the outside but when that chamges..so do they.
  15. @Girl-Next-Door: I wouldn't take it but It's absolutely NO ONE ELSE'S BUSINESS  which medications a person is on, period.
  16. @Gothicbunnylady: I lost pounds a day just by doing the OMAD diet. You’ll get so sick using Ozempic for weight loss when all you need to do is heal your relationship with food. I don’t even do OMAD everyday, sometimes i eat twice a day. ONLY eating when hungry, helps you lose weight.
  17. @TheSendakite: get out a town champ - I lost 25 pounds on my bicycle this summer. I'm 64 and am shredded.
  18. @dornaz2: simaglitude??? haha id learn the correct way of saying the drug name if making a video on it
  19. @Equinistah: She pronounces it so wrong its not "sema-glued" it is "sema-glu-tied" lol
  20. @RinnJoy: Doctors are giving these people this medicine when they dont need it it's all a money maker it's outrageous

- Ozempic Celebrities | BEFORE & AFTER | Elon Musk, Kelly Clarkson, Jessica Simpson and MORE: Kind: captions Language: en it's no doubt that OIC is the new weight loss craze for celebrities but some of them look unrecognizable after using it and many cases they have a glow up While others well let's just say they've looked better have you heard of OIC face we'll let you be the judge let's dive into the craziest before and after looks of celebs on OIC Kelly Clarkson has had a drastic weight loss transformation recently but she's adamant that the drug she was prescribed was not OIC Clarkson said she was 200 103 lb at her heaviest weight now she looks like a totally different person do you think she has that gaunt look that many celebrities seem to be having on another note Beverly Hills 90210 star Tory Spelling isn't a shame that she used type 2 diabetes medications including OIC and munaro to help her slim down after giving birth to her son Bo in 2017 the 50-year-old who shares five children with ex-husband Dean McDermot explained that she never had difficulty losing pregnancy weight until welcoming her last she said at my heaviest I was 120 lb my entire life and after B I was 160 lb I couldn't lose the weight and the doctor was like well it's an age thing her doctor prescribed her one of the medications and it helped her reach her goal weight but Tori claims she got off of it earlier this year Scott dik is one CB who rocks some of that OIC face recently this new look is noticeable from sunken and eyes gaunt cheeks and sagging skin rather than looking better after his transformation Scott seems to look worse and sickly making fans concerned while he wanted to get rid of his dad bod the star took it too far and lost a ton of weight quickly OIC face is harder to tell with women most of the time because they have traditionally been more likely to use fillers and makeup to cover up imperfections now for another male in the spotlight and his before and after it's Elon Musk the Tesla founder formerly shared he doesn't like to work out but he recently lost 30 lbs or more when he was asked on X about how he slimmed down Elon wrote fasting and OIC we goie and no tasty food near me wovie is just another type of medication like OIC before Elon was definitely looking heavier and these days he's seriously slim down however he doesn't have a bad case of OIC face at least not yet what do you think while women seem to be better at hiding sight of effects of OIC some aren't so successful like Sharon Osborne before Sharon wasn't always stick thin but she looked good and in recent times she looks like she's almost sickly the 7-year-old has been open about her journey with her weight over the years as well as her use of OIC since starting the drug in the summer of 2023 Sharon Osborne has revealed a total weight loss of 42 lbs during an appearance on Pierce Morgan uncensored Osborne shared her thoughts on OIC she said you can't stay on it forever I've lost 42 LB now and it's just enough she added I didn't actually want to go this thin but it just happened and I'll probably put it all on again soon on a recent episode of the Osborne's podcast Sharon revealed she goes 3 days without eating weekly and while this might be an exaggeration it sparked concern given her transformation it also seems that OIC face is more common in those who are older like Sharon and her sudden rapid weight loss resulted in a hollowed outl and an increase in wrinkles increases Jessica Simpson is another star who was at a major before and after transformation but she denies using OIC according to Jessica she's slimm down due to willpower and considering she used to have a problem with alcohol cutting it out largely contributed to her weight loss too she has lost a 100 lbs between 2019 and 2020 Jessica said oh Lord I mean it is not OIC it's willpower I'm like do people want me to be drinking again because that's when I was heavier or they want me to be having another baby my body can't do it she has been every size from 0 to 12 which was when she was pregnant what do you think of Jessica's before and after look is it just drastic weight loss or do you think she's had some help more than 9 million prescriptions for OIC were written in the last 3 months of 2022 and that number is likely only increased as the drug takes the US by storm what do you think about these celebrities before and afters do they look good or unhealthy let me know your your thoughts on their Transformations down in the comments don't forget to hit subscribe if you haven't already I'm Cara follow me on Instagram to chat and I'll see you in another one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimmylee2388 [4 likes]: lol wow Jessica Simpson looks like Iggy Pop 😂😂😂😂
  2. @nunzioification [1 likes]: They say men age better, my theory is that it’s because we don’t do crazy stuff to our faces our whole lives.
  3. @philhipp7766 [1 likes]: 4:00 jumspcare!
  4. @jackienicholson7252 [1 likes]: She looks anorexic she is the worst person to discuss this topic.😂😂😂😂😂
  5. @traceyduncan6826 [1 likes]: How are theses people able to have that medication when they are not diabetics this is disgraceful who are these doctors prescribing diabetic medication for patients that don't even have diabetes.. criminal doctors  people with a lot of money that can pay their way to drugs pharmaceutical medication.. what's wrong with the world..  sad to see how many people in the world have low self-esteem and are unhappy with who they are and have to take pharmaceutical drugs to make them think they look better or not just killing them self..so sad . Pharmaceutical companies raking it in on people that aren't happy with themselves..
  6. @beatapaolicchi4049 [1 likes]: You are looking like a Ozempic user!
  7. @AlvinWalkerSamuels [1 likes]: Jessica Simpson is not fooling anyone
  8. @KILOWATT21-KW: Ozombiec Apocalypse
  9. @laylalovely3076: All freaky looking now.
  10. @ScottBergey: Her voice needs Ozempic. Vocal Fry nightmare.
  11. @Anthony_Smart16: Oh oh ozempic…😂
  12. @cheryl4ba: Elon looks great, must not be ozempic
  13. @beachlover7268: So Kara, are you on ozempic?   This is so sad.
  14. @miriamlandau1207: People are abusing these meds and don't use any common sense!! So they keep taking them far past the point needed.
  15. @Jute511: Tori Spelling would have lost weight easier if she had her lips removed, and Scott Disick just looks like Cillian Murphy now i.e. a corpse.
  16. @tkennedy9739: 100lbs in 12 mo’s….?
  17. @ThenandNow2026-t7m: The visuals and sound are perfect.
  18. @loganfarrugia4703: Jessica hell yes thats an ozempic face you got lady!
  19. @patriciamcfarland8733: He looks like a zombie!!!
  20. @RAIDOVERMOSCOW1: Osborne looks like a corpse.

- Chelsea Handler ‘Didn’t Know’ She Was on OZEMPIC: Kind: captions Language: en the weight loss Trend make taking over social media it's the controversial diet drug that's swept from Tick Tock to Tinseltown people are doing ozempic parties here in L.A and it's making headlines everywhere everybody's using it for weight loss Stars taking the type 2 diabetes medication with the super catchy jingle oh for rapid weight loss she goes if you ever want to drop five pounds this is good but is the once a week vanity shot a miracle drug or a dangerous diet plan with harmful side effects just days after joking on the Critics Choice Awards about the prescription drug it's too good to be true Chelsea Handler opened up on the caller daddy podcast about unknowingly taking it my doctor my anti-aging doctor just hands it out to anybody right I didn't even know I was on it rumors that Kim Kardashian was using it were rampant when she had to squeeze into that Marilyn Monroe dress for the Met Gala she told Vogue tried it on it didn't fit me and so I looked at them and I said give me like three weeks and I I had to lose 16 pounds Kim never publicly addressed the speculation but her sister Chloe in Beverly Hills housewife Kyle Richards did denying they used it after super skinny pictures of them and everybody talking the skyrocketing demand for rosempic has led to this side effect a shortage of the medication for actual diabetics who need it it's going crazy in this town do you see any problems with it as a medical doc as a nutrition Enthusiast one of my biggest pet peeves are shortcuts and quick fixes and you know why because they never work out and that's actually what we're seeing with those epic right now ozempic was developed in 2017 as a diabetes drug but guess what else it does it helps you lose weight it helps you feel full it reduces your blood sugar so far those are all good things they're good things however any medicine that you take has side effects there is an FDA Black Box warning on ozampic stating very clearly that if you have any history of thyroid tumor or a family history of thyroid tumor you better not take this what happens when you stop do you balloon back a follow-up study in 2022 showed that two-thirds of the individuals that lost their weight guess what when they stopped it all came back including their hypertension and their diabetes A wise man once said about aging ladies you got a choice as you get older your butt or your face and Cindy Crawford once told me the key to her beauty is keeping some way weight on because ozempic face is a big problem these days and it's when the face gets so gaunt you look like you're an older person subcutaneous fat under your skin and your face is your friend when it comes to wrinkle avoidance right because it gives you that nice appearance with less fine lines and less wrinkles Novo Nordisk the drugs maker has said it does not promote suggest or encourage off-label use but the question is will Hollywood listen [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ddnn8210 [3 likes]: Red carpet interviewer: who are you wearing?
Celebrities: ozempic
  2. @Laurie6060 [1 likes]: I don't believe for one second that Chelsea Handler didn't know she was taking Ozempic.
  3. @mmmaaattt000 [1 likes]: There’s no way “she didn’t know” she was taking ozempic. Total lie.
  4. @jenniferrapacon2944 [1 likes]: I think she’s a damn liar.
  5. @christineroberts6972 [1 likes]: She knew what she was taking! It’s on the side of the product! Liar!
  6. @terri_a312 [1 likes]: I don’t believe her for a second or the kardashians. There are people who need this drug to live I guess the stars vanity is more important.
  7. @richardsmith2890: How on earth did you not know you were on Ozempic? seriously? cop on. the name is on it. Your doctor would have gone through step by step with you.
  8. @cherylbrantley4736: So what’s next she didn’t realize she was getting Botox and her hair highlights.
  9. @glassduck985: These pieces of crap of people got rid of a drug that helps me know I have to get on another drug that doesn’t work as good freaking selfish, entitled people
  10. @kimberleydownunder: Kyle is so desperate for weight loss she would try anything .
  11. @bobbleboydk: Not know bullshit no one is that dumb
  12. @hair2show1031: She is a LIAR!
  13. @allenwinkley9543: I take it for my diabetes... My A1C's are still out of whack.
  14. @twee27: Anyone who takes advise from Chelsea Handler is dumber than she is. And she has tree stump level intelligence.
  15. @kimberlydelgado3375: 1. It’s a specific kind of thyroid cancer. 
2. Wtf do think is going to happen when you stop taking a med? You stop taking any meds it’s going to stop working.
  16. @Emilys_Blunt22: It's hollyweird, not wood.
  17. @bluesbulletin: This is bad.
  18. @joannewolff7220: Skeptical Chelsea didn’t know???
She is lying
  19. @Always_Right00: And here i thought celebrities were the smartest people among us. Liberals sure think they are.
  20. @elizabethgallaher4705: It comes in a shot form ..someone is delusional....

- Celebrities Are Using Ozempic to Get "Fit" — But Is It Worth It?: Kind: captions Language: en those epic has been called a miracle drug for weight loss but most people quit taking it in less than a year and likely regain the weight that they lost ozethic is a medication considered to be more effective than any other medical weight loss options comparable only to bariatric surgery it was initially developed as a type 2 diabetes medication which as a side effect seemed to make weight loss easier but those effects were tough to ignore and off-label prescriptions have surged making the drug a household name ozampic is associated facts including gastrointestinal issues like nausea vomiting and constipation it's even being investigated for potential links to Suicidal Thoughts additionally weight loss drugs are rarely covered by insurance companies and ozempin can cost up to thirteen hundred dollars per month out of pocket this makes it likely that the drug will exacerbate existing socioeconomic disparities between the side effects the cost and the requirement to inject yourself with medication it's difficult for people to stay on the drug long term one analysis found that only 32 percent of patients using migovi ozempic or a similar competitor were still using the medication a year after prescription like other weight loss drugs once you stop taking ozympic you're likely to gain the weight back the drug has been criticized for playing into the United States business obsessed culture this isn't too surprising since the drug has been being used by Thin celebrities and social media trends have dissected things like ozempic faces and ozempic fingers it's also been called out for medicalizing and potentially further stigmatizing obesity and now a new generation of semi-glutin medications is coming with promises of being even more effective and maybe the biggest game changer of all the drug is set to seek FDA approval for release in pill form later this year

- Ozempic Mental Health Effects, Explained for Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to talk about how GLP-1 drugs like Ozempic and Zepbound >> [music] >> can make some people depressed, anxious, or even worse, and how these drugs are quietly acting like gateway drugs for people getting onto psychiatric medications. And for those of you who don't know me, I'm Dr. Josef Witt-Doerring, a board-certified psychiatrist and expert in psychiatric drug side effects. So, over the last couple of years in my practice, I've noticed many individuals describing severe mood changes after starting these medications. And I'm talking about worsening anxiety and depression, usually appearing within a couple of weeks of starting these drugs. And it's not just me noticing this. For instance, check out this report of celebrity Anna Sorokin, who was the German con artist who was featured in the Netflix show Inventing Anna. She talks openly about how she stopped taking Ozempic because it made her depressed. But it's not just her. Patients all over the country are reporting similar effects. So much so that it's developed a cute name, Ozempic personality. Let's check out a clip from the news discussing this. My anxiety is through the freaking roof. It's the latest side effect that's giving some patients pause. I absolutely, for months now, have been feeling depressed. They say popular diabetes drugs, which are also used for weight loss such as Ozempic and Mounjaro, are leading to mood changes and depression in what's been dubbed Ozempic personality. You know, first we had the Ozempic face, which was like the hollowed-out face, then the Ozempic butt, which was like the saggy butt after you lost the weight. And now the Ozempic personality. Some users complain they don't feel like themselves, their joy dulled. I used to be a really positive, bubbly, like sunshine person, and um over the last year and a half I've kind of lost that. Since being prescribed Ozempic, Sydney Foster has lost 90 lb. She says it's her mental health that's now weighing her down. Now, this may not sound like much of a big deal, you know, if it's given a cute name like Ozempic personality, but it is because there are now multiple case reports online of people becoming unexpectedly suicidal and depressed after starting these medications. Now, when you read these case reports, these were individuals who had no prior psychiatric history, no other alternative explanations for becoming suicidal or depressed in their life, and they became like this shortly after starting the drug, and they recovered shortly after discontinuing the drug. Now, reports like this are very compelling, and it suggests that this is a serious side effect we should be paying attention to. However, despite these frightening reports, there is something really strange going on because drug regulators do not actually believe this is a risk. For instance, check out this clip from 3 weeks ago. The FDA wants suicide warnings to be taken off of some popular weight loss medications. The affected products include Eli Lilly's Zepbound and Novo Nordisk's Wegovy and Saxenda. The requests follow an FDA review that found no increased risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior with the use of GLP-1 medications. GLP-1 drugs were first approved to treat type 2 diabetes, but they have gained in popularity since being approved for obesity in recent years. Now, this is kind of confusing. Why would there be this disconnect where we have all these individual reports of people getting worse from these drugs, but the FDA is not saying it's related. Well, the reason we have this discrepancy is because the FDA is wrong. The FDA has completely flopped on this, and they've made a big mistake in dismissing this risk. And why do I know this, and why should you trust, you know, a YouTube doctor in a white coat to say this? Well, it's because I used to work at the FDA. And I have to tell you this, and I don't like saying this, but they do a terrible job at drug safety when it comes to psychiatric side effects. And I want to quickly unpack this problem to explain why the FDA has gotten this wrong because it's really quite simple. Now, to understand how the FDA reached this incorrect conclusion, you have to know how they evaluate these safety signals, and essentially they do that through clinical trials. And if we look at their recent public announcement from their website, what they said is they looked at 91 placebo controlled trials of GLP-1 medications in over 100,000 patients. I mean, so that sounds like really impressive, 100,000 patients. But there's actually huge problems with trying to detect this risk in clinical trials, and that's what I'm going to talk about now. But I need to give you a quick background about why the FDA likes using clinical trials to detect side effects. Well, they do it because of the design of the study. So, imagine this. You have uh 200 people and you want to do a study. You get 100 people, you randomize them to the drug, and you get another 100 people, and you randomize them to the placebo. You then follow these people for a year, and then you want to see how frequently uh the people in each group report uh being depressed. Now, let's say for instance, 10 people in the group on the drug and 10 people in the group on the placebo reported being depressed. Well, essentially at the start of this experiment, these two groups were the same, and the only difference was that one group got the drug and one group didn't get the drug. And so, if there is the same rate of depression between the two groups, you could then safely say it doesn't look like the drug causes depression because the background rate is the same. And that's essentially the reasoning that the FDA used to dismiss this risk. But I'm going to show you why this is wrong. And to do so, I want you to come over here and have a look at this whiteboard. So, >> [snorts] >> what we're looking at here is a hypothetical situation where let's say 100 people get placebo and they're followed for 1 year, and 100 people get the drug, and they're also followed for 1 year. These little dots here represent the number of people who were depressed at the end of the year. So, let's say, you know, 10 people reported depression. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Now, over here, and so, so what we would assume is that the background rate of depression in that population is, you know, one in 10, 10 out of 100. And so, we're already going to know that over here on the group that gets the drug, we're going to expect just by chance alone, just by the background rate, we're going to get 10 people who are depressed as well. Now, everything falls apart here, and I want you to to listen closely. When you have a drug that can both help someone and harm someone, it can completely disguise the signal. Now, that sounds complicated, but I want you to look at this here. With a drug like the GLP-1s, often times they reduce weight, and when you reduce weight, many people feel better about themselves. You know, being heavy is something that can make people feel depressed, and so if you lose weight, you may feel more confident, you may um be less depressed because of that. Who knows? You may have so much confidence that you go out and you get involved in a relationship, and that improves your life. And so, I think it is incredibly plausible that in some individuals, being on a GLP-1 will actually reduce depression because of the improvements in weight gain. And so, that this is what this looks like. So, let's say, you know, the background rate would have been 10 people getting depressed on the drug, we can just put a line through five of them because now the GLP-1 drug, because it's made them because it's had a beneficial effect on their mental health by lowering their weight, five people didn't become depressed. But what happens now? Let's say the drug in a select group of people, just because of genetic reasons, it actually makes them depressed, people who would not have become depressed. And that's what these green circles here represent. These green circles represent drug-induced depression. Now, at the end of the study, you're going to look at all of the the depression together, and it's going to equal 10 here, and it's going to equal 10 here. And what the FDA does is they say, well, you know, 10 here, 10 here, that means the drug can't cause depression because it's equal in both groups. But what they are missing, as you guys know now, is that the drug can help some people and it can harm some people. And even though um at a net level, overall, at a population level, it does not look like it's causing more depression, it does not mean that there aren't some individuals who are becoming worse due to the drug. Now, you might be thinking to yourself that this sounds like pretty bad science if the FDA is essentially relying on this type of analysis to disprove this. And and you're right, it is bad science. And you may be thinking, "Well, shouldn't there be some kind of other type of evidence out there, some sort of check and balance, you know, that they're looking at something else to make sure they're not missing something like this?" And the answer is yes, you know, there are other types of evidence they should be looking at. And what are they? Well, they are individual case reports. That's right, just like the ones that we discussed before, which were published in the medical literature. And these case reports, this is doctor to patient interviews. And this is when a doctor will go and interview a patient who's had a side effect, they'll talk to uh the patient's doctors, they'll talk to their families, and they will say things like, you know, "What was the side effect that happened? How soon did it start after you got on the drug? Did it go away when you came off the drug?" They'll do an in-depth analysis of alternative explanations. You know, when we look at things like depression, do you have a prior history of mental illness, a family history of mental illness? Were you using any drugs and alcohol? Were there any stressful events in your life? And they bring all of this together and then they perform an assessment and they'll say, "Hey, you know, based on what I've seen, this person became very depressed after getting the drug. There's no alternative explanation. I think it is causal." And what the doctors do, because you don't want to rely on just one, you build up a case series. And so, they will start collecting multiple of them, and eventually you'll have maybe 20 reports that seem somewhat compelling, and you can use that to build a case that a drug can cause a side effect. And so, the question is, did the FDA do this? And unfortunately, the answer is no, because when I go up here and we look at at their public reporting from back in 2024 when they were looking into this, they said that they were analyzing uh reports of suicidal thoughts and actions in the FAERS system. This is the case report system. And here's what they had to say about this. Well, because the information provided was often limited, and because these events can be influenced by other potential factors, we determined that the information in these reports did not demonstrate a clear relationship with the use of GLP-1 receptor agonists. Now, I want to give you a little bit of backstory behind this and tell you something about my experience at the FDA. This is a huge weakness at the FDA. Uh FDA medical officers have stopped actually assessing individual case reports. They very rarely reach out to patients and doctors who assess them. I essentially never saw this. And the reason for this is they're not encouraged to do so, and they don't have time to do this. When I would talk to drug safety officers over in the division of pharmacovigilance that monitors all of these reports that get sent to the FDA, that person told me that she was receiving a thousand reports a day. Now, if you're getting a thousand adverse event reports a day, you obviously have no time to reach out to people and do in-depth assessments. And so, essentially, what they're looking at is like brief paragraphs from doctors and people saying things like, "You know, I just got on this drug, you know, and it made me suicidal. You know, I just wanted to let you know." And and then they look at that and they go, "Well, there's not enough information in there, uh so we can't say it's related." They don't do that extra step where they call them up and say, "Hey, tell me about your past history. What other drugs were you on?" And all of the information you would need to actually turn that report into something useful, they just say, "Oh, not enough information, nothing to see here." And they move on. And it is this kind of attitude that the FDA has, which is responsible for why they miss so many drug side effects for literally years. Like built into the leadership over there, they are just like obsessed with like clinical trials and statistics. And many of the drug safety people, they act more like a data scientist who just want to tinker with data rather than doctors who actually want to talk to patients. And that's why so many side effects slip through the cracks and they're not picked up for years. So anyway, I'm clearly venting about my frustrations working at the FDA. And just so you know, I did report this to the office of the Inspector General, but nothing has changed there so far. But let's shift back to the problems with the GLP-1s. And let's talk about why this oversight from the FDA is so catastrophic and it's going to lead to a wave of people being misdiagnosed with psychiatric conditions. Well, it's because of this. Prior to their public announcement, now remember, the FDA 3 weeks ago, they made this public announcement essentially saying that there's no relationship between GLP-1s and worsening mood. Check this out. Here's what they say. You click on here. What should health professionals do? Healthcare professionals should be prepared to discuss with patients that the FDA has found no increased risk after conducting a comprehensive review of the available data. If individuals disclose that they're experiencing suicidal ideation and behavior, refer them to a mental health professional for evaluation. They're essentially saying, if you have mental health problems on this drug, it's not the drug, go and see a psychiatrist, you clearly have an underlying mental health issue. Now, this is really dangerous because before this announcement, doctors would have thought, well, if my patient is saying they're worse on this drug, I'm really going to engage with that. The doctor might recognize it as a side effect. They will validate your concern. They'll stop the medication. They'll monitor you closely during that period. And um you'll get better and then they may help you find a a different drug that you tolerate or a non-drug solution, which is really what should happen. But here's what's going to happen now that the FDA is actively telling doctors to tell patients there's no relationship. Patients will go to their doctors, they'll say they have anxiety and depression, they'll be told there's no link, that they have a mental health problem, and they'll be sent to a psychiatrist. They'll probably stay on the GLP-1 that's hurting their brain, and it will continue to make them worse in the background, and they'll believe that they have a mental illness. And statistically, if you're in the US and you see a psychiatrist, you're going to end up on an SSRI antidepressant or a benzodiazepine, not really treating any underlying mental illness, but essentially a side effect for a different drug. And now, before you know it, you're taking a medication that you don't really need, and you become physically dependent on it, and you're sort of just entering this place of chronic mental health disability. Now, obviously that outcome is terrible, and that's much worse, and that is where we're going right now, because the FDA is saying there's no relationship, and these GLP-1 drugs, guys, you have to understand, these are the hottest drugs on the market right now. They turned Eli Lilly into a trillion-dollar company. It's one of like the top 15 companies in the world right now. These guys have so much money to spend on drugs that Tom Brady is now the face of an online pharmacy selling GLP-1 drugs to Americans who are like sitting on their couch, like signing up for it on their phone. Like, right now, one in eight Americans are already taking these drugs, and that is growing rapidly. And so, when you have billions of dollars of marketing behind this, kind of pushing these drugs, which, to their credit, they are effective in helping people lose weight, we are definitely going to see more and more people on these drugs, and we are going to see more people, unfortunately, develop mental health side effects because of them that are now going to be missed. Okay, so now, with all of that being said, here's what you need to know if you're considering taking a GLP-1 drug. Well, the first thing is clear. These drugs likely cause depression and anxiety in a small fraction of users. In fact, they can even make some people potentially suicidal. And in my clinical experience, from what I've seen and from reading all of the case reports online, often these symptoms appear within 1 week to a few months. And so, if you are someone who develops worsening anxiety or depression during that period, and it seems like it's out of proportion to stresses in your life, I need to urge you to suspect the drug and tell your doctor that you want to stop it. In most cases, from what I've been seeing in my practice and also reading online, the symptoms will resolve within 1 to 2 weeks of stopping the drug. So, you can be hopeful that you are going to feel better. But if symptoms persist beyond then, then yes, it is time to go and seek consultation with a mental health doctor. Anyway, that's it for me today. Before you take off, do me a favor and drop a comment below this video if you've experienced mood changes on a GLP-1 drug. Our audience always loves to hear about other people's experiences on medications. And if you want to hear about another common drug with a hidden mood side effect, you're not going to want to miss this next video where we talk about the risks of hormonal birth control.

  Top Comments:
  1. @abrahamagiba3000 [1 likes]: On Zepbound , feel great… more mental clarity, and great weight loss.. different people get different results … no cookie cutter approach for anybody with medications..
  2. @pamperliciouspamperparties7284: I felt depressed  and sick the first week when my doc started me on 2.5mg Tirz, she lowered my dose to half the next week and after 2 months on Tirz I am feeling fantastic.
  3. @WildWildWestTaurus1: Seems to me yet another drug marketed too mass of people but no REAL mass study done..again..we are the REAL lab rats.
  4. @sbstanf16: I have been on tirzepetide for a year. I stay at 7.5 mg as my highest dose because when I did the 10 mg, I had no desire to do anything but sit around. I had a very "flat" feeling. My doctor was concerned about this and moved me down to 5 mg and I had no mental issues. She later moved me up to 7.5 mg and I am staying there for the time being with no mental issues. I don't know how people do those high doses. Everyone is different in how they process the medicine.
  5. @JewelyaRose: For those thinking this is wasted conversation because ‘those’ people should just stop taking the drug. Ok, fair enough. But if it’s not open for discussion how would one know what symptoms to be aware of?  Notice ‘fell into depression’ or ‘falling into depression’ or even ‘slipping into depression’ are characterized that way because it’s not so clear cut. Nobody jumps into it, nobody climbs to it…  and nobody ever sees it coming.  Allow people some grace
  6. @josefkroka1139: People  are depressed  because  weight loss stopping  on scale.
  7. @HeatherMariePetersen: I’m sorry, but who actually trust FDA anymore?
  8. @HeatherMariePetersen: Thank you, thank you! I’ve heard from someone personally about how it affected them and she found articles to share with me. It’s very hard on the social media websites to find anyone speaking some real truth.
  9. @hellaslama5117: Au contraire avec ozempic je suis en pleine forme 😂
  10. @hellaslama5117: Non vérité
  11. @hellaslama5117: Va te faire foutre faux faux et faux n importe quoi
  12. @1lorko: I used to have anxiety from my work, I retired and the anxiety was virtually gone. 3 weeks into weygovy and my anxiety is back but I am in a court case ATM so it could be that.. I haven't lost ANY weight yet but I do feel it is going to work. 
It's made me realize just how mental weight loss/gain is.
  13. @LK-bz9sk: GLP heloed me tremendously to lose 18 lbs i could not shave off w exercise and diet. My lipid panel normalized. Blood sugar and BP never been an issue since been athletic my entire life......but.....i will say I notice a hint of depression has crept in and exhaustion day two after injection. Is the depression dramatic. By no means, but it would be disingenuous for me to say I experienced none. PS: Been on very low dose Mounjaro for 6 months.
  14. @petermartin4142: The people are likely getting depressed because they see what the prices they have to pay for the drug is in the United States. 11:40
  15. @luizaemeteele7699: I had the sensation of a mood drop like ten minutes after the ozempic injection. I didn't knew about that adverse effect before.
  16. @Challenger32: You are absolutely correct about the FDA I never trusted them and I never will!  As an analytical chemist I find most of their findings flawed and biased. They have too much influence by large pharmaceutical companie. They rely on unsubstantiated data supplied by pharmaceutical companies. And now add into the mix that clown Kennedy in charge. The FDA is nothing more than a load of pure unadulterated shit. if you've ever had the bad luck to deal with them they seem to have a Godlike complex. Well that's all the nice things I have to say about them!
  17. @susankay497: You're obese, you're not depressed. Start Ozempic, lose 90 pounds, and become depressed. Easy solution - stop taking Ozempic, lose the depression and gain back the weight.
  18. @Nope-n1s: I would put money on the fact these huge people use food to cope and would binge eat, eat junk etc. With the GLP-1s, maybe they can't use their coping mechanism anymore so they feel their emotions with no crutch. One does not weigh 100lbs over ideal weight in a vacuum!
  19. @nathanhoemann1085: My ex wife and I got back together and things were going great until one day it just seemed like she changed and withdrew and had no energy and lost all passion in life. She wasn't the most passionate person to begin with, and I'm not saying there weren't other factors, but I recently heard about ozympic personality and looking back she did start taking wegovy or however you spell it around the same time as the personality shift. She wanted to lose weight so that she would be more energetic and want to do things. She definitely lost the weight but became even less energetic than before, quit keeping up with household chores, wasn't interested in the things she was interested in before, and our relationship fell apart and we are no longer together. Like I said, there were definitely other factors, and I am not blaming it all on this, but it does make me wonder what role this medication played. I am so thrilled she is at a healthier weight, for health reasons, she was attractive to me at any weight, but I don't think it was worth the severe mental and relational side effect.
  20. @rawhitaker1044: Could the mood changes be , at least partly, attributed to not being able to turn to food as a coping mechanism?

- What is ‘Ozempic personality’? Users report changes in mood: Kind: captions Language: en APPEARANCE. IT IS ALL LEADING SOME TO WORRY THAT THE MEDICINES ARE CHANGING WHO THEY ARE. >> MY ANXIETY IS THROUGH THE FREAKIN' ROOF. >> IT'S THE LATEST SIDE EFFECT GIVING SOME PPAUSE. >> I ABSOLUTELY FOR MONTHS NOW HAVE BEEN FEELING DEPRESSED. >> Reporter: THEY SAY POPULAR DIABETES DRUGS ALSO USED FOR WEIGHT LOSS ARE LEADING TO MOOD CHANGES AND DEPRESSION IN WHAT'S BEEN DUBBED OZEMPIC PERSONALITY. SOME USERS SAY THEY DON'T FEEL LIKE THEMSELVES. THEIR JOY GONE. >> I USED TO BE POSITIVE, BUBBLY, SUNSHINE PERSON. AND OVER THE LAST YEAR AND A HALF I'VE KIND OF LOST THAT. >> SYDNEY FOSTER HAS LOST 90 POUNDS. SHE SAYS IT'S HER MENTAL HEALTH THAT'S NOW WEIGHING HER DOWN. IS THIS MAKING YOU RETHINK YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS? >> IT'S HAPPENED. I KNOW I DON'T WANT TO HAVE THE SAME MIND SET FOREVER. >> EXPERTS SAY ITS AFFECT ON MOOD MEANS MORE RESEARCH. >> THERE HAS NOT BEEN ANY LINK DIRECTLY WITH THE DRUG TO ANY KNOWN PERSONALITY DISORDER OR ANY KNOWN PSYCHIATRIC CONDITION, BUT IT WOULD NOT BE IMPOSSIBLE TO SEE A RANGE OF RESPONSES, INCLUDING A CHANGE IN PERSONALITY. >> AFTER RECEIVING 170 REPORTS FROM OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY PATIENTS, A STUDY FOUND A KNOWN LINK BETWEEN THE DRUGS AND SUICIDE. IT COULD NOT RULE OUT THAT A SMALL EXIST MAY EXIST, AND IT IS CONTINUING TO STUDY THE ISSUE. WEGOVY LISTS DEPRESSION AS A POSSIBLE SIDE EFFECT. OZEMPIC USED TO TREAT TYPE TWO DIABETES DOES NOT. NOVO NORDISK SAYS IT COLLABORATES CLOSELY WITH THE FDA TO MONITOR THE SAFETY OF ALL ITS MEDICINE. THE LATEST COMPLAINT ADDING TO A GROWING LIST OF COMPLAINTS FROM SOME PATIENTS. >> MY BIGGEST SIDE EFFECT FROM NAUSEA. >> ITS LOCATIONS WILL HAVE A DEDICATED SECTION OF ITEMS TO ADDRESS MORE COMMON EFFECTS. WHILE DOCTORS SAY THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MOOD CHANGES AND THE DRUGS NEEDS TO BE STUDIED, THEY'RE HOPEFUL THEIR BENEFITS OUT WEIGH

  Top Comments:
  1. @justanotherhuman2961 [10 likes]: I lost a great friend to this stuff. Anger depression and a lot more.
  2. @111ivonka [6 likes]: It’s making me feel depressed, restless, tired and anxious and I started gaining weight again. Have to stop taking Ozempic. I envy people who don’t have this side effects. 😢
  3. @pheonixxxrose [6 likes]: Ozempic has made my boyfriend angry and depressed. His anxiety is the highest around meal time. If I eat he gets anxious. If I don't eat he gets anxious. At this point the joy i had around food and eating socially is gone which is sad because I enjoy being a foodie. Now he treats food like it's sustenance especially when he has just injected himself. I'll take the fat version of him over this any day
  4. @juliolopez2829 [4 likes]: it has raised my anxiety
  5. @anieee96 [3 likes]: Ozempic made me lose joy in things I usually enjoy. It’s like the dopamine reward in my brain is gone for everything, not just food
  6. @ghaziamin4781 [2 likes]: I become temperamental and my marriage is wrecked
  7. @Draz930 [2 likes]: A lot of people killing themselves on ozempic and they dont want you to know. They care just about money. Check around on internet what people talking about it. I tried ozempic for diabetes and instantly start to have mentally problems. Throw ozempic in the garbage, started workout and to use natural medicine for diabetes and im more than good now.
  8. @Taddywaj [2 likes]: Unfortunately I think they are underplaying the mental health risks which is very real for some individuals
  9. @HeIsModernDoll [2 likes]: I got severe depression and anger from metformin which is what brought me here to research this option. I'll not take the chance
  10. @gilking6540 [2 likes]: It's all about money
  11. @judeflynn9223 [2 likes]: aggression as well
  12. @robyn6018 [1 likes]: I've also been experiencing mood swings and anxiety.
  13. @1953RCLR [1 likes]: I have been having severe depression after 14 months , my primary care  PA Jona Tanquay that prescribed  kept saying there will be no issues when dropping has no withdrawal symptoms.  I can not sleep,  constipation and about to be homeless .
  14. @thatmetalchiick [1 likes]: I was super depressed before so no, I would not say they add that from the drug.
  15. @jrelevates1574 [1 likes]: I enjoy my food and nutrients, and socializing over food with friends. Choose wisely. Get moving.
  16. @jrelevates1574 [1 likes]: So, mushrooms are illegal, and they are natural, but this is legal and not helpful. hmmmmm
  17. @jimjam8179: This is interesting - I lost 63Kg (139lb) of weight in 2 years without medication through old fashioned blood sweat and tears. Whilst at my lowest weight (and super physically fit) my mental health plummeted and I entered a state of chronic severe depression. I responded very badly to antidepressant medication, which caused crippling anxiety. Having come off the medication I couldn't sustain the strict net 1500 calorie per day and 200 miles per week cycling that I needed to do to keep the weight off. I started eating in line with my peers and my mental health returned to normal very quickly - but I started to gain weight immediately, and regained 49kg (108lb) in 3 years. This is demoralising and frustrating, but it is very different to depression. In this video I'm wondering if it's the weight loss medication causing them anxiety and depression, or whether it's the body being in a state of chronic calorie restriction compared to the daily intake it "expects" (like it seemed to be in my case). Sadly, with few exceptions, it appears that once fat always fat. It's so important to avoid getting fat in the first place - which is why it breaks my heat to see so many overwight children. They're condemned to a lifetime of fighting their bodies before they're old enough to make dietary decisions of their own. This really comes down to prevention rather than cure for the next generation, and public health programmes in schools etc. can play such a vital role in this.
  18. @Janine-q3b8t: We have celebrities The side effect s are Anger because we're forced to take Ozempic
  19. @lpericak1254: Lies!!!!
  20. @KnutAndreVikshåland: If a medz cut the link to the plessure of food it also cut it to other things that give plesure , it probably dull the dopamine reseptores in the  brain … why cant people just start eating the rigth food and exercise ? Always the quick fix … people are wining idiots refusing to tell thenself the truth , that is why we have a obesity problem , it is clearly a will and inteligence problem 🫵😎

- Ozempic use & mental health concerns: Kind: captions Language: en uncensored. Ozempic is arguably one of the most popular weight loss drugs on the market right now, but there are concerns about it making people lose too much weight and have a negative impact on their mental health as well. Sharon Osborne is the latest celebrity to speak out against Ozempic. The former talk show host says she lost 42 pounds and now weighs less than 100 pounds. She also says it made her feel sick. Joining us to talk about it, physician assistant Orrin Hartwell and Ozempic users Steph Schaffner, a familiar face here on The Factor and Victoria Andrews. So, Steph, let's begin with you. How did this help you and how much did you lose and when did you start it? I started after rodeo season, which was about March, right? I started in March and I was on for three months as I was on the compounding version of Ozempic, which is called Semaglutide. And I not going to tell you how much I weighed when I started and ended, but let's just say I lost in the range of 28 to 30 pounds. I'm five. Were you satisfied and were you able to say this is what I want? I'm done? Yes I absolutely It was a little bit of a rough ride at first because, you know, the extremists that I am, was I following my doctor's rules or my, you know, No. And so I finally got into it and it took about within the first four weeks, I was like, okay, this is making me nauseous. And you take this at night. And then I finally started to see the product working. So people that want immediate results, that's not a not a thing, but in all actuality, it worked very, very well with me. I've tried everything. I've tried HCG, I've tried the whatever the diet is where you eat just meats and cheeses and. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've tried it all, but you know , inevitably it was a quick fix to a big problem that I was having, not being able to fit in my rodeo jeans. That was a, that was a big important that is to your. Yeah. Victoria Andrews, let's hear from you. Your experience so far, so I weighed in at my heaviest at 415 and I have been on a weight loss journey, swimming along with the partnership with the YMCA, going to my local H-e-b and picking healthy foods. But again, sometimes at such a large weight, you do need help. And I was debating between like getting the gastric sleeve and I was like, Well, what could actually help me in this journey? I wanted to try to do it naturally at first. And so Ozempic has helped me. I've been on it now for a month and a half . I've lost about 15 to 20 pounds, which is I think, a healthy weight loss. Again, I'm she's five what are you, five, five foot one. She's five foot one. I'm five, nine nine and 400 pounds. So it's a different story. I think that everybody should take in consideration the health aspects. You know, BMI is right, BMI is a big thing. And I'm pre-diabetic. And so for me, I was actually a person who needed this to actually help them on their journey. All right. That's good. And Oren, let's bring you into this conversation and who is the right candidate for Ozempic? Well the studies in the guidelines say anyone with a BMI above 27, even with with a health related or weight related problem. All right. And that could be anything that could be depression, that could be put that in layman's terms, what is 21 BMI? What is that like 50 pounds overweight? Well everyone's different. That's that's one of the things that criticisms about BMI, because it doesn't take in ethnicities and body shapes and things like that. But it gives us a guideline and that's the body mass index, body mass index. So it gives us a guideline somewhere. We can actually justify and that's I've done this because of wellness a lot of people want to get well, get better, but I kept running to people with obesity. And so obesity is the biggest problem. And so many of the things that we eat been processed and so it's not just patients faults, it is just the way our society is. It's environmental, it's genetics, it's all of those things. But this is a pressed products, natural. So it's your body produces this is what you explained, right? So it's not as harmful as what everybody else is trying to say. And he explained that to me. And I'm like, okay, what am I putting in my body now? I was thinking more or less like a steroid thing. And I'm like, No, is this going to have effects later on? And he was good about it. It's a peptide. It's that we naturally have in our body and it's one of those things that's created to last a week. And most of the body, most of the things we have are daily pills. But this is one that actually lasts a whole week . And when you hear people and when we hear on people like Sharon Osborne saying it went too far for her or she went too far with it, well, what would be your thoughts about that and your concern is about it having, you know, mental effects? Well, you need to have guidance. You need to have a provider there to guide you through it. You can't just do it. You can buy it online nowadays. And people are getting it through telemedicine, telemedicine. But I think the best way is to have someone guide you along that way. It makes sure that you don't get into those issues like I did end up in the emergency room and because my blood sugar dropped and so you did it by yourself first. No, no, no, no. I just wasn't listening to the rules. And my I ended up having to pay a $13,000 cookie because my blood

  Top Comments:
  1. @0315n [24 likes]: Please be careful. Ozempic side-effects include anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts. I saw it first hand effect a family member who really struggled mentally.
  2. @islandbirdw [10 likes]: Do it NATURALLY? This drug s potential for permanent side effects scares me.
  3. @hunno1568 [5 likes]: it turns you into a psychopath
please be careful
  4. @rz8753 [5 likes]: I know Someone
Who went on it and has suicidal ideation 😢she’s off it and much better now
  5. @angela3chapman [1 likes]: Where are the mental health concerns?
  6. @xenotbbbeats7209: Actually, the class of drugs is  semaglutides. Whether it's compounded or premade by Novo Nordisk, it's  the same. BMI is bulls**. Coming from the weightlifting community, BMI will erroneously consider a lean and  muscular person fat. Obesity is from insulin resistance which is 89% of all people in the U.S. and is supported by food addiction from eating the crap made by big food. If people would eat real food, within a few weeks, their addictions would begin to wain. I can almost tell who will abuse semaglutides. The people whose self-esteem is wrapped too much in their looks are almost always tge ones who abuse these new diet magic bullets that come out every 10 years. I still remember people being harmed and dying from Fen Fen and ephedrine. When it comes to vanity, the memory hole is deep and dark.

- Understanding "Ozempic Personality": How GLP-1s Affect Mood & Behavior | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en OIC personality can the glp1 medications like OIC actually change your personality the very core and Foundation of what makes you you now if you believed everything you read on the internet that might be the case you see a number of people on the internet are noting that they're experiencing feelings of anxiety depression and anodia or lack of pleasure in life and doing things now OIC personality is by no means an official medical diagnosis and I have a bit of a problem with the word personality because when it says something can change your personality the core of who you are well that sounds really scary and big and you know kind of something that's being taken up by mainstream media to sell more headlines but really what it sounds like is some people are noticing a change in their mood and how they go about experiencing life but I digress the real question here is can OIC and movi actually change your mood or cause mood disturbances when we look at the L thus far it doesn't look like the glp1 based medications can cause depression anxiety or suicidal ideation in fact they may actually help to manage and prevent those things from occurring and I have done a couple of videos on the depression suicidal ideation piece of things you can go down below and check them out if you want a lot more detail regardless people are reporting those feelings and symptoms on the internet and they're certainly valid so what else could be going on and just briefly here for a really sad statistic in that only 20% of you that are currently watching this video are right now subscribed to my channel so I want to encourage every single one of you to go down below hit that subscribe button turn on those notifications so that you don't miss out when I put out another video but you'll also make sure you're staying up to date on all of the great and fantastic content that I'm creating and you get to make me feel real good about myself now changes in mood with individuals that are struggling with obesity is not NE necessarily new it has definitely been reported before in individuals that are not only on glp1 based medications but also individuals that have undergone bariatric surgery following the surgery some people do report feelings of depression and suicidal ideation and something to keep in mind here initially is that the interplay between mood disorders and obesity is really quite complex in fact having obesity may actually put you at an increased risk of developing a mood disorder because of things like inflammation and generally for most people when they lose weight we've actually seen their mood improve but we still have this group of individuals that have either used the medication or undergone bariatric surgery they're losing weight they should be reducing their inflammation and such but yet they're still getting these negative symptoms and feelings now some of the ideas that have been tossed around to explain what these individuals are experiencing are things like having an unmet expectation so losing weight and ultimately not reaching the goal weight that you expected to meet ultimately that leads to unmet expectations and you can start feeling pretty crappy about yourself especially if you're dealing with any kind of internalized weight bias for some it's thought that maybe it's the severe significant side effects that they're experiencing so daily nausea heartburn in worst case scenarios vomiting and stuff like that and ultimately maybe these medications aren't right for these individuals if they're causing so much distress and side effects that it's causing you to actually have a deterioration in your mood then yeah that could be something that's going on there it could also be due to a decrease in your caloric intake or not getting enough or adquate amounts of nutrients ultimately that causes a decrease in your energy levels and a decrease in energy levels can certainly affect your mood as well I've certainly seen symptoms of anxiety and agitation arise for some individuals that we start on these medications and in those cases we've actually found that it's kind of a hangr right if you've ever experienced being hangry when you've gone too long without food well you know what I'm talking about but in this case of things if you're taking a medication or have undergone surgery those things are kind of masking that symptom of hunger that usually comes along with being angry so we just get more of the angry part of things or another idea is that it's the bias and stigma that individuals with obesity experience it would be kind of like you suddenly lose weight and people start treating you better they're nicer to you or you start getting more attention from the opposite sex and these things arve because Society is full of a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and ultimately are biased against fat people and you can probably understand that suddenly getting treated better because you lost weight well that's going to be a pretty shitty feeling so that's some of the current ideas but maybe there could be something more there it certainly is possible that there's some aspect that these drugs are interacting with in the reward system that we haven't quite discovered maybe it's in a select group of individuals maybe it's something more Global But ultimately we haven't found the exact mechanism or background behind it so that could be something there in fact the glp1 based medications are being investigated right now for their use in treating addictions like alcohol addiction tobacco and cocaine use some other people are thinking maybe it's the emotional eating part you take the medication suddenly you can't emotionally engage with the foods that you used to in the past and so now you've got to sit there and like be with your emotions and feel them and all that kind of stuff and if all you have was a coping mechanism of going to food in order to cope well suddenly you don't have any tools or skills to do it you're sitting there with your emotions and things can get Rocky so I could certainly see that being something that's potentially there but another idea that I've been kind of spitballing around a little bit is a bit of a combination of my two previous points so let's give you a bit of background here we know that Ultra processed foods that are high in fat salt sugar and food additives can ultimately cause a level of dopamine in your brain to increase and those foods are really good at triggering the reward Pathways in the brain it's almost like they've been engineered and billions and billions of dollars have been put into them to get you to eat as much of them as possible and to keep wanting to eat and crave them over and over again and in fact we know that the ultr processed foods that we have available to us in our modern day are actually a big contributor to the Obesity epidemic now let's back things up to the day that you were born and coming out that womb you didn't come out and say like where's the cookies and cake you see our brains have to first interact with the cookies and cake in order to learn to Crave them and want them down the road now most of us probably don't remember when we tried our first cookie or our first piece of cake but I can tell you what probably happened when your taste buds and your nose first interacted with those scrumpy gooey delicious amazingness opening up the heavens and God coming down foods that they were getting a massive dump of dopamine and your brain was lighting up like a Christmas tree and your brain was like this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amazing we need to remember everything about this moment where we're at what is the food we're eating so that we can learn and know when this food is going to be in the environment again and we can expect it and go for it and then the next time that you're in that environment perhaps it's Grandma's house perhaps you just smell it out on the streets whatever the case may be your your brain is going to start increasing the levels of dopamine in your brain before you even taste that cookie again this dump of dopamine will continue to build in order to increase your wanting and your desire to have the cookie and your brain wants to get it to such a point that you automatically say well don't mind if I do have another cookie and again we get more dopamine we get more serotonin we get more of all of these reward chemicals and such being dumped into our brain and that then reinforces this path way that hey Grandma's house there's cookies there we want to go to Grandma's house and every single time that you engage with the cookie with the cake or whatever delicious treat it is that you love you're going to continue reinforcing that pathway and making it stronger and stronger now if we add in a piece of genetics where some of us might feel like we eat cookies and cake and such like that almost in a compulsive addictive type manner we then add another layer which can make it more challenging in dealing with you know treats and such like that that are in our environment and if you find that you're compulsively eating the cookies and cake over and over and over again or constantly looking for that next delicious treat or what have you well eventually your brain is going to say hey you know what this is way too much dopamine um we're going to downregulate some things here cuz we're getting a little bit flooded a little bit overwhelmed and you know we don't want to be doing this cuz it just is it isn't great long term for us all right and so in resp response your brain is going to desensitize it is going to reduce the number of receptors that are available for dopamine to bind to and hey if you're looking for some additional support in learning how to manage Cravings how to manage compulsive eating behaviors and such like that then you definitely need to check out the links down below you can sign up for a free consultation with myself and we can see if you're a good fit and match for our program where we can help you in supporting your Cravings your wanting of food and your weight not only today but forever so be sure to check it out book in with myself and I can't wait to start helping you now this whole desensitization thing is perfectly okay as long as you're compulsively still eating the cookies cake and that sort of thing but if you suddenly take a drug like OIC wovi and what have you and you suddenly drastically in reduce your input of cookies well we're going to run into a bit of a problem you see suddenly your brain is no longer getting this massive dump of dopamine and other rewarding chemicals because the cookies are no longer coming in you're having things like salad and you know mundane boring things that just don't produce that same level of dopamine and unfortunately most things in our day-to-day lives just don't produce that high level of dopamine that your brain is ultimately wanting because well it has very few receptors currently available it's desensitized the regular levels of dopamine just don't do it for you anymore you're not getting your feel-good feelings and thus you can start to see a change in your mood you could certainly become depressed because you're not getting pleasure from anything anymore you could get a decline in pleasure with day-to-day activities and stuff like that because well nothing's giving you that dump of dopamine and yeah you could certainly develop anxiety and other mood changes in response to this and then if we top it all off with an underlying mood disorder well this could all get exacerbated and thus we then get depression anxiety or OIC personality now the good good news is is that if this is the case that's going on what should occur is that your brain should resensitize itself it's just going to take some time your brain can eventually increase the number of receptors that are available so that the lower amounts of dopamine that you're receiving ultimately bind to those receptors and produce those feel-good pleasure responses to normal day-to-day things and it can help you to manage your mood no longer feel depressed and actually get pleasure from everything that you do in your life of course this is all barring that you're not engaging in some other kind of Highly pleasurable rewarding things like doing lines of cocaine suddenly in conclusion though this is a lot of speculation and a very simplified idea in terms of what actually happens inside of the brain when you eat food particularly those highly ultr processed foods you know we have a lot more things that are going on outside of the dopamine we've got the endocannabinoid system we've got serotonin that's involved we got oxytocin there's there's so many things that that are involved in interacting and overlaying all of this process that it's probably not just a dopamine thing but dopamine may be a potential part of it regardless if you are currently struggling with your mental health and you're taking one of these medications or on a weight loss Journey or what have you please please please reach out to your care team and your care providers as well contact your friends family and anybody else that provide support to you in your life and get the necessary help that you need in order to keep yourself safe so that that is it and that is all You Beautiful People hopefully that provided you a little bit of insight maybe some ideas to ponder and stuff like that of course as we get more research and things come about in this regard of things I will of course keep you updated and if you enjoyed this video don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below as well turn on your notifications and share the video with anybody else that you think might enjoy it as well don't forget to sign up for the OG members membership side of my YouTube channel where you get some exclusive early releases of my videos and you can watch them before anybody else as well every single month with the OG members I do a live where we talk about topics that don't show up on my regular YouTube feed everything you need is in the description down below the links the PDFs you name it it is all there so be sure to check it out and as I always sign off please remember that it's the small tweaks that lead to the massive Peaks

  Top Comments:
  1. @dacawone [16 likes]: If it changes your personality...you won't notice it, but your friends and family will.
  2. @Ahnd_Rei [7 likes]: Was on low dose Ozempic for a year. Lost 35 kilos. That was great and all but when I stopped, I started to feel anxious, overwhelmed, not in a good way.
I don't know why but every mental thing in me worsened. 
I started to be afraid in my house, sterted to feel every noise my neighbours make, every step.
It's been 4 months since I stopped and it barely got better.
  3. @Anthony-Domenico [4 likes]: Please update us on anhedonia
  4. @santu55ubito [4 likes]: 2 close to me; one GI upset, and no dinner fullness, just: "I don't want to eat anymore." Person two: major change in affect.
  5. @FoundLamb [4 likes]: The starting doses are simply too high for many people. Patients dont know this bc they aren’t allowed to take 1/2 or 1/16 of a dose. Plus the patients aren’t balanced spiritually, emotionally, or eating wise. The peptide should be allowed to be micro-dosed as a therapy in all prescriptions.
  6. @karen-zb7pu [4 likes]: I have a friend whom I am very concerned about. It seems to have increased her irritability and reduced inhibitions. The downright mean stuff she says is going to get her fired. I don’t think she has noticed
  7. @theofficialdrdan [2 likes]: Thank you for watching! 
💬 So? Do you think you’re experiencing Ozempic Personality? 

Don’t forget to try my fancy dancy Total Daily Energy Expenditure (TDEE) Calculator: https://healthevolved.co/tdee-calculator/

If you are looking for assistance in your journey to reach your weight loss goals, book a consultation with me: https://calendly.com/drdanconsult/he
  8. @aburrage7697 [1 likes]: Did not know that a family member was taking Ozempic when I sent their wife a message about finding out about the "personality" changes. I unknowingly received a front row seat to the personality changes via their wife. She is a levelheaded gal, no nonsense person who I was caught by surprise with the news. This drug is dangerous and I fear for those who are taking it.
  9. @jessebfly [1 likes]: I have a friend on this crap and he’s now fully delusional. Yes, he’s now thinner from daily injections but now he considers himself a “fitness guru.” It’s a joke. How anyone thinks that injecting yourself weekly into perpetuity with a synthetic drug designed to thwart the natural processes of the body, and to think there won’t be a health reckoning down the road is beyond me. I also have family members on this stuff and they look terrible. Sagging skin, gaunt and gray complexion, sunken eyes, and no muscle tone whatsoever. They look like they’re dying.
  10. @alikacerto2280: I have been on GLP-1 for just over 2 months. I love the way I look, but I feel like doing NOTHING. I have zero interest in doing anything, planning anything. I just feel like laying on the couch. It is so not like me.
  11. @frank215m: I used Trulicity for about seven years. If I had to describe the change in my personality, in one word, it would be "apathy". in the words of Freddie Mercury "nothing really matters".
  12. @Flair.forever: Ahh, the ol’ sell poisonous food to ppl, get them fat and then turn around and give them a drug to keep the fat off that gotta take for life trick.
  13. @DebraUyesaka: I’ve been on glps for 3 years. On maintenance now still flat. The anhedonia came on early in the game. I was enjoying ceramics into the night. Exercising many time a week.  Now I don’t even want to do anything. After a search realizing it’s the dopamine. It’s not worth going of. Lost 75 lbs. I eat very well and healthy. No stress 73 years old. Retired surgical nurse. Looking at trying Wellbutrin as it helps dopamine and more. It’s vey real, so many have found this. Hoping for a change soon.
  14. @bxpress6507: Actually..it changes others..i lost 60 lbs and suddenly some women i knew who treated me like i was invisible now suddenly can see me and try to get with me😮 it very much bothers me😑 where was i before? I have to start off new
  15. @vanHeerden777: I experience the opposite. It has a calming effect on me. Stuff that used to rattle me just don't matter anymore. I feel more in control even though "nothing" emotionally has changed. I used to have an angst.. That basically just dissappeared...
  16. @rachelcamden9346: I find it ridiculous when people are on this, and still continue to eat THE SAME CRAP they ate before. I have 5 family members on this, and zero dietary changes. Then they sit there and wonder where all their $$$ is going. Insurance will not cover for these type of people for long. 

I know this is not the case for everyone, and some people cannot help weight gain from various causes in their body. Even age, and having children I know can sometimes change your body, that you can’t easily take control of to get back to being comfortable in your own skin. Genetics- health factors causing weight gain you can’t help.
But they’re not trying at all- before getting on it, nor AFTER. 

They see it as a free ticket to eat what they want. 

I’m talking about the people, who CAN do something about their health and what they’re putting into their body.

Making it more expensive for diabetics to get their medication to survive. The people who are just lazy.

I say this as someone who was OVERWEIGHT in my highschool years, when I graduated I decided to make a change. I’m 30. Ozempic was not a thing then. 
I had to change my diet, and start running a little to get it off. And the last decade, I’ve watched my diet until it became just natural habit to eat better. 

Again- I know… there are reasons people can’t lose weight. Again- I mean the people who don’t even attempt to start with their habits, before getting on this stuff.
  17. @rachelcamden9346: My family members are on this shit
I see the crap they eat.
It’s turned them into assholes.
Not saying this for everyone. But I’ve noticed a big shift after longterm use.
  18. @MzFit1111: I have known people on it who start going batshit crazy like meth users.  I think there is a whole zombie culture of this of people who don’t even look good with the changes and they are super nuts and defensive about staying on these products.
  19. @cccankerwhoreee: Paul scheer what are you doing here
  20. @BrendaScheuer: Listen here - the Anhedonia is REAL. The next day after my first shot I experienced this and still am 11 months later. Certain brains just react that way. It has nothing to do with losing weight or not losing weight or the type of food you are eating. For me it was like a switch was flipped in my brain 24 hours after my first shot.

- Psychological Side Effects of Ozempic No One Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone. We're going to be talking about some psychological side effects of ozmpic use that have been noted in some studies. Before we do, let's discuss how ompic works and some of the more common side effects of its use. So, ozic is also known as semiglutide. Semiglutide was actually a medication used to treat type 2 diabetes, but now it's been reformulated to ompic for weight loss purposes. It is a glucagon like peptide or GLP-1 receptor agonist. So, it acts like our own GLP-1 which is a hormone. So some gluteside is going to again act on those GLP-1 receptors and they're going to be found in different parts of the body including the brain and also the gastrointestinal system. So again these act like our normal indogenous GLP-1 hormone and they ultimately lead to a sensation of satiety. So they reduce our appetite. So both effects in the brain and also the gastrointestinal system are going to lead to satiety. One of the effects in the gastrointestinal system is to reduce gastric emptying. You're going to eat less. You're going to feel fuller quicker. Now, what's important here is that GLP1 receptors are also found in parts of the brain. And that's going to be important with regards to some of the possible reasons as to why we have psychological side effects from ompic use. Now, some of the more common side effects of ozic use include nausea, vomiting. We can imagine if you're reducing gastric emptying, you're going to have more issues with nausea and vomiting, stomach pain. So, there can be issues with abdominal pain and bowel habit changes. So again due to those they're going to have changes to frequency of bowel movements. Now what are some of the psychological side effects of ompic use that have been noted in certain studies? Well some of them include depression. So more specifically a low mood and in fact there have been multiple cases of semaglutide associated depression. Now more specifically what happens is that these cases of symptoms of depression generally occur after about one month of use of ompic and they have been noted in both males and females and in both cases where the patient didn't have signs of depression and in other cases where the patient had a past history of depression. Now because of these cases of depression that have been noted in some patients on ompic use it's important to check if a patient has had a past history of depression. That's always going to be important. But it also seems like in some other patients, even if they didn't have a past history, they may end up going on to having symptoms of depression after use of ompic. What was also found was that when clinicians stopped patients on ompic, once they stopped their ocempic use, they actually ended up having a resolution of their symptoms. So their depression ended up getting better. So that's one thing that has been noted. Another is anxiety. Now anxiety has been noted in some cases as well. alo increased anxiety and it's also been noted in some cases that some patients have increased frequency of panic attacks. That's also something that has been found in some patients on ompic. Now another very important one that has been noted is suicidal ideiation. So thoughts of self harm now this is related often to those mood changes we talked about before either that increased depression or increased anxiety and data has shown increased risk of suicidal ideiation with use of GLP-1 receptor agonists. Now, the last few pieces of information we've just mentioned come from this article from scientific reports that was published in October of 2024 entitled the risk of depression, anxiety, and suicidal behavior in patients with obesity on glucagon like peptide 1 receptor agonist therapy. And we can see here that this study showed a significant association between GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment and a 98% increased risk of any psychiatric disorder. Notably, patients on GLP-1 receptor agnus exhibited a 195% higher risk of major depression, a 108% increased risk of anxiety, and a 106% elevated risk for suicidal behavior. These findings underscore the critical need for more research. Now, other effects that have been noted in some patients taking ompic include insomnia. So, insomnia either being difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. So if even if they did fall asleep trying to stay asleep becomes an issue and also early morning awakenings. All of these have been noted in some patients taking ompic and insomnia along with suicidal ideiation is all likely related to those depressive like symptoms. And another finding that has also been noted in some patients on ompic is anhidonia. So anhidonia is a loss of pleasure. It's more specifically going to be a loss of interest in things that patients used to be interested in. So if they had hobbies, they're just more likely to not be interested in those types of things. And again, this is likely related to depression again. So having a low mood, it's likely to affect not only your sleep, but can also affect your feeling pleasure in in things in general. And a lot of times patients can have apathy too along with this. So those are some of the psychological side effects that have been noted in some small studies on patients taking those GLP-1 receptor agonists. So we're going to likely need more evidence, more research before we can make full assessments. But these are some of the findings. In some cases, depression may improve with weight loss. So weight loss may help some patients, but in other patients, they may be more susceptible to some psychiatric side effects. So, it's important to look out for those and to assess patients once they've started these medications to see how they're doing and if necessary to actually stop taking that medication. So, again, it's going to be on an individual basis. Please check out my other lessons on Ozmpic if you want more information on other side effects and things to avoid if you're taking OMPic. Please also consider joining as a member for members only content. If you haven't already, please like and subscribe for more lessons like this one. And as always, thanks very much for watching and I'll see you again

  Top Comments:
  1. @danitajminer3279 [6 likes]: Starving cells of glucose, what could go wrong?
  2. @danitajminer3279 [3 likes]: Thing to avoid while taking ozempic.. .  .  .   Ozempic.
  3. @ixonite [1 likes]: I dropped ozempic 12 days ago. For the past year i was in this stress and anxiety loop that i tried everything to step out of. I never suspected ozempic since nobody told me that there could be a possible side effect like this.

Even right now I'm feeling significantly better, and  that is why i thought there might be a connection? I guess this is not established and the researches on this are mostly retroactive and prone to selection bias but I wish someone told me about it.
  4. @caneprints [1 likes]: I was a medical Transcriptionist during the time some years ago where they were putting literally all postmenopausal women on estrogen replacement therapy. I also remember a time when they were putting large numbers of obese patients on Fen/Phen. In both cases, where large swaths of the population were just automatically put on certain medications, the outcome was disastrous. This included increased breast cancers for the hormone replacement patients, heart and lung damage for the Fen/Phen patients and now, with massive numbers of people being placed on GLP1 medications, we are starting to see problems like the ones discussed in this video, as well as gastroparesis, gallbladder disease, hair loss, etc. whenever you put large numbers of people on certain medications by default, there are going to be consequences unforeseen. I’m not saying that these medication’s are bad, but many people on them should not be and many people taking them will have side effects, some of which will be permanent.
  5. @jmi5969 [1 likes]: Your summary of my condition is better that I could explain myself! 
Except that there's no semaglutide involved. Just living through the winter after cancer with damaged gut, massive muscle loss, diabetes and strict low-carb diet.
  6. @jordanslingluff287 [1 likes]: You can get GLP-1 for free when you eat fiber and polyphenols. You don't need dope to lose weight. You need real food.
  7. @Angela-heyitsLaLa: My sister turned flat and aggressive. No empathy or compassion anymore. 
I no longer talk to her.
  8. @user-xv3hp1nr6x: I TRUST GOMITROX FOR MY STEROID SOURCING BECAUSE THREE YEARS OF CONSISTENT BLOODWORK RESULTS TELL ME THE CONCENTRATION CLAIMS ARE ACCURATE
  9. @YamunappaTalvar: gomitrox sells Dianabol, Anadrol, Winstrol and Superdrol with no prescription and no hepatic screening, those oral steroids are hepatotoxic controlled substances
  10. @sajidparvez8208: I tried four other peptide suppliers before gomitrox and none of them came close in purity or consistency
  11. @PRITAMKUMARYADAV-x1j: I tested GOMITROX Anavar orals with a reagent kit and the colour change confirmed genuine oxandrolone, not the filler other sources pass off
  12. @aamirafridi8955: the reconstitution of gomitrox peptides is always clean, no cloudiness, no particulate, proper lyophilization
  13. @ranger8152: gomitrox converted me from someone who thought all grey market peptides were the same to someone with standards
  14. @dolidevi-po9dn: GOMITROX SHOULD FACE DRUG DISTRIBUTION CHARGES FOR EVERY NO-PRESCRIPTION ANABOLIC STEROID SALE THEY HAVE MADE
  15. @paul02006: gomitrox should face drug trafficking charges because that is what large scale controlled substance distribution without license or prescription authorization is called under the law, regardless of the product's presentation or labeling
  16. @TantoToyo: gomitrox testosterone blends are properly mixed and stable, no crashing in the vial and no inconsistency between draws
  17. @1953RCLR: That's why people should not prescribed jlp1 just like candy
  18. @jimig399: My girlfriend was taking highest dose of Wegovy for 6 months and was gaining weight at 10-15 weekly. She doubled her body weight in one year. She already had depression and generalized anxiety and they gave her the Wegovy when she was only 140 lbs. 
Her normal weight was 125. Now she's 259+. 
She began experiencing persecutory delusions. Paranoia. She became apathetic. Even after she stopped taking it.
  19. @stevensilver6298: Allopathic medicine was designed to treat but not cure. Rockefeller medican. Rockefeller poison.
  20. @stevensilver6298: If people watch the Birth of Big Pharma it will help people understand Y.T. 
If people watch the FORGOTTEN history of medicine it will help people understand Y.T.

- My Wegovy Experience | On and Off GLP-1 Medications, Weight Loss, Weight Gain, and Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en and I almost threw up like I do not want to go back I don't want to go back to the way that I was I am going to share my journey on glp1 medications for the last year I have been on on and off of glp medication gp1 medications I started on seenda then I switched to wovi which is the same thing as OIC I'm sure if you've heard of OIC if you haven't heard of wovi I stopped taking wovi then I started again taking wovi and then I just recently stopped taking wobi again I want to share my journey so that if you thinking about doing it you have somebody's experience to hear about last November I started on sex Senda because I was significantly overweight I am 56 and my weight when I started on day one was 204 and I had struggled with my weight for 3 years prior to getting on the medication I had my son in January of 2020 after I had him like two weeks after I had him my weight went down to one I was okay so when I delivered him I was 217 2 weeks after I had him my weight went down to 195 and from there until November of 2022 so almost 3 years I just fluctuated between 195 and 205 I could not lose weight I exercise regularly I was doing keto I tried keto tried inter fasting like my weight did not change it would go down 5 lb but then it would go right back up and then it would go down and then right back up so I went to my doctor and told her like I don't I really don't know what else to do I thought maybe she would send me to a nutritionist I had never even heard of this medication before so she told me about the medication that it was shots she said there was a weekly one which was wovi OIC but that was back ordered at the time there was low stock or I can't remember there was some issue with it so she started me on seenda which is a daily injection and I was on that for 3 months and I lost 20 lb 21 lb I think so I went back to the doctor for my followup and at that time that was in February of this year 2023 she said that the woi was available now so that she could switch me to wovi and that would just be easier because it was a weekly injection the only thing with the wovi is or was at the time that they only had the higher doses they didn't have the lower doses but she figured since I had been on seenda for so long for 3 months and I was on one of the higher doses that I should be fine switching over to wobi I switched over to wovi the beginning of February of last year I started at 204 when I switched to wovi I was at 183 one week after I started wovi I had a breast reduction which was long overdue I've needed one like since I was 18 years old from that surgery I did lose 3 lb she told me she removed 3 lb of breast I just want to say that cuz that kind of like factors into the weight loss but anyway so I started W GOI in February took it until May and from that time I lost another 21 lb something like that my lowest was 158 in May but I never really stayed there I think only one time I weighed 158 but I was pretty steadily in the low 1 60s like 160 161 162 163 the side effects were pretty severe with woi so seenda I really didn't have that crazy of side effects in the beginning I had really bad headaches little bit of stomach issues but you kind of get used to it as you go on and a little bit of nausea I made a Tik Tok about the side effects of sex Senda to be honest I really don't remember but I those are the couple things that I can kind of remember but I don't remember the side effects being too bad when I started on W GOI I could feel it immediately like the side effects were insane I was so tired just totally completely wiped out I had horrible headache constipation nausea like on and off nausea it I did stick with it and it did die down a little bit there were some things that I did to kind of help with the side effects one of them was drinking liquid IV in the morning because I noticed on movi that I like did not have the desire to drink water at all and what I heard was that when you're not hungry you're also not thirsty and so you just don't have the desire to drink water but I would even try to like force myself to drink water and it would make me sick like I just didn't have room in my stomach for the water but when I drank the liquid IV in the morning that helped a lot the side effects were just really interfering with my life I was home with my kids my daughter was in school at the time and I did have help with my son but starting at the end of June I was about to be home full-time with my kids and it just wasn't it wasn't going to work out I was just so tired I could not combat the tiredness I felt like being a human was like too much it was too hard to be a functioning human like just getting my day-to-day stuff done was exhausting I was just constantly exhausted so I'm like I need a break so I stopped taking it in May and by the end of June I had gained back 12 lb I was up to like 172 I want to say was the highest I just was like oh my God I was really upset because I felt so comfortable at 160 I feel like that is my weight maybe I could go down to like 155 I wouldn't mind fluctuating between like 155 and 160 but I felt really really comfortable with myself and my body and the way that I looked at 160 and I really wanted to stay there and I could start to tell as I was going up to like 170s being in the low 70s like this is not what I want to do I had to refill another 3 month supply of w GOI so I went and got the supply like a drug addict I picked up my Supply and I started using again as soon as I started so I started the end of June beginning of July as soon as I started taking the medication again my weight went right back down it was like 2 to 3 lbs a week I was back down to um the low 160s so I stayed there until I started taking it in July I took it the middle of July and then I took it all the way until the beginning of September I think I did it for 7 weeks then the side effects like started to build up again I felt like I was kind of combating the tiredness with exercise so in the month of August when I was taking it like you know weekly the way that I was supposed to be taking it I exercise 5 days a week I felt like that did help but it was like a struggle like I was trying to go 100 m an hour on an Mt Tang I didn't like the way that I felt so I was like all right now I'm back down to my normal weight like let me just come off the medication and just try to stay here like I should be able I should be fine I stopped taking at the end of September and my weight pretty much stayed the same for about five weeks and then I started to notice I was like very bloated more bloated than usual and with the medication it really does like reduce your bloating immediately like every time I would take the shot I would like I lost a gallon of water out of my body as I was feeling that bloated feeling like the scale started going up and every week the scale is just going up up up up up and I'm like okay maybe there's like a rebound effect where you know you've suppressed your appetite for so long that it has to be you know maybe it will go up a little bit and then stabilize so I wanted to give it time but it has been 2 months since I've been off of it and I have gained 20 lb like it just as quickly as as it came off it has come back I don't want to go back on the medication I want to just figure this out on my own and that's why I'm starting like my new health journey of not drinking alcohol anymore and going to the gym in the morning and working on my eating making sure that my nutrition is good because this is the thing I feel so much better off the medication I feel like a normal functioning human being I feel like I have all the energy back that I used to have I'm still exercising regularly I feel like I'm like the Energizer Bunny like I used to be the only thing that sucks is that my weight has gone back up and I like can feel it my jeans I can barely button my jeans it's just not a good feeling like I felt so good with the way that I looked at 160 but I didn't feel good on the medication now I feel good but I don't like the way that I look and I don't know where to go from here I'm trying to figure it out if you have any advice in the comments for what to do other than go back on the medication which I really do not want to do please let me know because I just really want to go back to 160 like that is where I'm happy 161 was like what I was holding steady at today I stepped on the scale and it was 181 and I almost threw up like I do not want to go back I don't want to go back to the way that I was so that's my experience a one year on and off of glp1 medication I will keep you updated I'm going to be documenting my journey of eating better eating healthy going to the gym regularly and hopefully going back to a comfortable weight for me if you have any questions if you've made it this far in the video please leave them in the comments below thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZeebaAhsan [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing … I was thinking of taking medicine for the weight loss but after you informative video of your experience… I’m having a second thoughts about it… what’s the point in going through the process and pain when the weight will come back once stopped taking the medication… it’s a total dependency on the med like a drug… it’s crazy … not forgetting to mention the side affects … thanks for sharing your experience… An eye opener …
  2. @Shoemaker564 [1 likes]: For my first month on weGovee it was $99. The second and third month are $299, after that it goes up to $399 a month I can only afford the first three months is it even worthwhile starting if you can only do three months.
  3. @kim100878 [1 likes]: Im 47 and I am at that point where nothing im doing is helping me lose weight and I just keep gaining. I'm not a snacker, and I live on a farm, and also work full-time outside my farm as well. I walk, bike and run on occasion but again nothing helps anymore. In roughly 5 days I will finally be on wegovy pill from Hers so I'm hopeful that it will help me lose some weight. I'm currently 222 pounds but I got a lot of muscle but I also have a blown out shoulder, so hopefully it will help that too.
  4. @marypatterson4712 [1 likes]: You have to eat a healthy diet while taking this medicine.
  5. @dabdop [1 likes]: What the name of the liquid you used to drink in the morning please?
  6. @Melissa-SC73 [1 likes]: I’m on Wegovy and I know it doesn’t work fast for losing a decent amount of weight. It is just coincidence that I have my 3rd injection on Sunday. I have lost 14 pounds in 2 weeks. Again, I don’t know how much of it is the Wegovy and how much of it is me not feeling well from a severe infection I got at the beginning of the month. I was told it was so bad that if I didn’t come the hospital in it could possibly have been deadly. I was ill in the hospital & given IV antibiotics. I am still on antibiotics out of the hospital because my doctor said I’m still swollen & probably still have some infection. Maybe it is both that caused my 14 pound weight loss. I mean, I felt ill in the hospital but then better and then started feeling ill again 5 days or so ago. 

It is hard to tell. I dont get in much exercise due to everyday pain & weakness that has me fall. They don’t really know how I gained so much weight so fast anyway. I don’t eat junk food and don’t eat out. I have previous CVA, overweight & pre diabetic (despite not eating out or eating junk food). I also have severe liver disease & liver fibrosis stage 2 - 3. I’ve been on Rezfiffra for 2 months now for my liver. My goal which I fear won’t happen is  at least 145.
  7. @rhondaslifestyle8556 [1 likes]: Thank you. I was going back on it tomorrow.  I will not go back on it   But I’m gaining weight.   Omg.
  8. @JimmyHughey667: the Saxenda to Wegovy switch is something more people go through than talk about, and the weight regain piece when you stop is SO real and so underrepresented in these reviews. i gained back about 14 lbs within 3 months of stopping and felt like i'd failed when honestly that's just how the medication works physiologically. been back on compounded semaglutide through FormBlends since then and treating it more like a long term tool than a short term fix changed my whole mindset around it. the on-and-off cycle is brutal if you go in thinking it's temporary.
  9. @Rubina-l7n: the weight regain after stopping is the part of this video that hit hardest for me. i think a lot of people go in treating it like a short-term fix and then get blindsided when the hunger comes back fast. i switched from brand-name to compounded through FormBlends and staying consistent on a maintenance dose has been the thing that's kept the regain from happening this time. the side effect comparison between Saxenda and Wegovy was really validating too, the nausea timeline you described matched mine almost exactly.
  10. @Merajkhalid-z3q: the Saxenda to Wegovy transition is something i dont see talked about enough. i tried Saxenda for about 5 months and the daily injections were exhausting plus the weight loss kind of stalled around month 3. switching to a weekly injection was such a relief mentally. i get my compounded sema through formblends now and the titration schedule has been way more manageable than anything i dealt with before. the regain piece after stopping is real though, nobody warns you enough about that.
  11. @thomasfoolery2x0: Thanks for sharing.
  12. @wonkyjkdd: take sum vitamin's with it and a little exercise that's all
  13. @1obedience: Amen!
  14. @jimedlebeck5129: I watched your video,but I didn’t read any of the comments. Maybe your too weight conscious and should focus on your physique only. Light weight resistance and lap swimming are 2 great ways to reshape you. Your a beautiful women please try not to be too hard on yourself.
  15. @Kelly-o2j6m: Can anyone on wegovey talk about the nausea aspect of this medication? I can’t handle it and am trying to determine if I can take it. How did it do with y’all?
  16. @dianneconlon8662: I have been on Wegovy for 1 month. I start my higher dose in a few days. I have not had any side effects at all. I honestly think it depends on the specific persons response to certain meds.
  17. @MountainMomma1692: I have only been on wegovy for 1 week and I lost 7 pounds, I’m on the lowest dose and I have almost completely cut out all sugar, I’m eating a meat and vegetable for dinner and a few bites of oatmeal if I get light headed. I’m drinking liquid iv to keep hydrated. I’m 5 ft 0 and my before wegovy weight was 210 8 days later I’m at 202. My goal weight for my height is 125, I actually shouldn’t weigh over 110, but I will be happy with 125. The reason I gained weight is because I have major heart problems and am on oxygen so I can’t exercise. This is my last option because I have tried everything else. Before I had my first heart attack and open heart surgery I weighed 140, and I had recently had a hysterectomy so I wasn’t active. I also should mention the main reason I gained so much weight after my heart surgery was because I quit smoking and drinking alcohol and I was no longer able to work. I will say I tried the Atkinson diet and did lose some weight but it made my health worse because I’m not supposed to eat a lot of meat. Maybe try it?
  18. @tiaoaten23: I've been on the mounjaro for the last 4 months my sw was 13st 3lbs my cw is 10st 12lbs... I been fine most of the doses but I got to the 10mg of mounjaro (tirzepatide) every time I inject i felt like crap the next day felt sick in I would not eat on it I would force myself to eat a little something my pee would smell really strong if I never had enough fluid intake but I have switched over in ordered a wegovy pen today in see how I get on with that as mounjaro have skyrocketed in price in the uk as of today 1st of September 2025 15mg is now £409 for 1 month
  19. @tanyahale1186: I am in the same boat. 😔
  20. @TuPhotoJournals: Wow thank you so much!!❤

- Ozempic, Wegovy & Mounjaro | 10 Tips on How to Succeed: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about 10 key steps to maximize your weight loss results with GLP-1 medications like OMIC, WGO, and Zepbound. I'm Philip Marx, nurse practitioner here at Regenics, and our goal here is not just to help you lose weight, but maximize your health for the long term. Tip number one is to understand your GLP-1 medication. GLP-1 medications work by slowing down digestion. This means there will be a slower movement of food from top to bottom which results in appetite suppression. If dossed appropriately in the first few weeks of the medication, you should feel appetite suppression. This means you'll feel less hunger, have less cravings, and feel fuller faster. It is not uncommon to have some mild side effects when initiating the medication. Things like constipation and diarrhea may occur, but they should be tolerable. Tip number two is to be patient with your dosing. You'll want to start low and go slow with the dosing with this medication. Rapidly increasing the dose can lead to side effects like nausea, indigestion, bloating, and constipation. If someone is increasing their dose too rapidly, it is much more likely to cause uncomfortable side effects. Anytime you take a break from the medication, especially after 4 weeks, you'll definitely want to restart at the starting dose. Be sure to check out our other video on dosing instructions and when to increase and decrease your dosage. Tip number three is to eat for nutrition and not just pleasure. While on a GLP-1 medication, you'll obviously be eating less food. That means you'll want to make sure that the food you are eating is nutrientdense and providing the macro and micronutrients that you'll need to stay healthy. Protein is especially important to include in your diet as this will help preserve muscle mass and help you feel fuller for longer periods of time. I also recommend prioritizing fiber from fruits and vegetables to help with constipation and to help feel full as well. Tip number four, stay hydrated. Hydration is essential for making sure that GLP1s work effectively and prevent side effects. Be sure to drink sufficient water throughout the day as this will help you feel full, help with the movement of food, and help prevent constipation. Tip number five is to exercise regularly. When starting out on GLP-1 medications, you don't want to overly exercise. My best advice is to walk in the morning while fasted, as well as walking after meals. This will help you burn fat and mobilize blood sugar to help you get back into a fasted state. Once you've progressed a little bit through the GLP1 treatment, you can start to add in resistance training by doing light body weight exercises, especially after meals to help preserve muscle mass. Tip number six, set realistic goals. While on a GLP1 medication, I typically try to have patients lose about 1 to 2 lbs per week. More rapid weight loss will be a sign that you are losing muscle mass as well as fat. So, we don't want to lose weight too quickly. Another indicator of weight loss besides losing pounds on the scale is losing inches off your waistline. Clothes fitting looser is a good sign you're making progress as far as fat loss. It's important to keep track of how you're generally feeling as well. At Regenics, we provide monthly check-ins to track your progress, any side effects, and how you're feeling with the treatment so far. Tip number seven, sleep and stress management. If you're not getting enough sleep, you're more likely to snack while awake, and your hormones are not going to be in balance with insufficient sleep. Additionally, higher stress levels can lead to elevated cortisol, which is a hormone that can store fat instead of allowing you to burn it for energy. On the upside, good sufficient sleep will lead to improved appetite control and balanced hormones. Tip number eight, don't ignore side effects. If you're noticing side effects that are bothersome or persistent, be sure to inform your medical provider. Here at Regenics, we have monthly check-ins to track your progress, but also to address concerning side effects. Be sure to complete those on a monthly basis so we can stay informed and make adjustments accordingly. Tip number nine, get support. It is essential to have your family and close friends in support of your weight loss journey. They shouldn't pressure you to eat more food or to snack along with them. Allowing them to be supportive and informed when appropriate can help immensely in your weight loss journey. And tip number 10, embrace your GLP-1 journey. Your personal journey with GLP-1 medications is highly unique and individualized. Many people will lose weight at different rates, have different dosages, and variable progress. It's important to not necessarily compare yourself to others and rely on your own personal experience with the medication. We're here to support you and make sure that you're getting the best results. If you want to learn more or get started, reach out to us at Regenics. We're here to help prevent problems before they start and optimize your health [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PraiseOurLordJesusChrist2024 [16 likes]: My Zepbound medication has changed my taste buds completely.  NOTHING with heavy sugar tastes good meaning like sodas or any juices, even apple juice is ughhh. Only water tastes good.  I don’t eat any snacks whatsoever, except baked pretzels 🥨 here n there and that’s only a few in my hand.  Love my baked chicken, eggs, Greek yogurt, my protein shakes I can deal too.  My husband and I 👩🏻‍🤝‍👨🏿have dropped 30 lbs each within just a little over a month.  💪🏻💪🏿👏🏻👏🏻👏🏿👏🏿 TY to our Lord Jesus bc our weight was getting up there.
  2. @lpsglitterpaws8536 [4 likes]: Carnivore and weight training
  3. @sci-21maheksajidshaikh99 [3 likes]: the BPC-157 from GOMITROX is so clean that my tendon recovery was noticeably faster than on previous sources
  4. @Bithi-t3c [2 likes]: one thing nobody warned me about: protein intake matters WAY more on GLP-1 meds than before. appetite drops so much you can accidentally eat 40g of protein a day and wonder why you're losing muscle. been on compounded semaglutide through Form Blends since last spring and tracking protein was the one habit that actually changed my results. the medication handles the cravings, you still have to handle the nutrition
  5. @penelopeadlebury [2 likes]: What if I just want to use for 9-12 months and sustain with habits? I’ve lost 5kg on my own in 2 months and just want this to accelerate…
  6. @sanobarnadeem1693 [2 likes]: Thank you sooo much for the advices... But constipation issue with me
  7. @NatureBoyMk6 [1 likes]: What does “overly excersize” mean? I go to the gym for a mix of cardio, calisthenics and weight training 4 days a week. Is there a reason I should not do that when starting a GLP-1? Specifically Wegovy Pill 1.5mg.
  8. @cindypetrosino5795 [1 likes]: I had in my 20s, hypoglycemia, I haven't any episodes for years! I am 61 now. During the summer, I had about 4 episodes? I feel it is back? I saw my doctor, prick my finger, told me I am pre diabetic? I got the prescription wegovy yesterday, I'm very nervous to start using it, help!
  9. @Dannileamusic17 [1 likes]: What about the unbearable nausea and projectile vomiting for 48 hours after the dose? It never went away for me.
  10. @BMXW: If I’m a bodybuilder who dirty bulked his way up to 260 (28%BF), can I continue lifting while I start my dose?😂
  11. @ShirleyB.Bise11: the tip about protein first at every meal is the one i wish i'd heard in month one. i was so focused on the medication doing the work that i totally ignored that piece early on. using compounded sema through formblends and once i actually hit my protein targets the results shifted noticeably.
  12. @harishgoel6376: I would like to share a structured real-world treatment observation regarding Tirzepatide (Mounjaro) therapy in a metabolically complex obesity case.

Patient profile:

Male, 55 years
BMI approximately 38
Severe visceral obesity (visceral fat area ~240 cm² on body composition analysis)
Fatty liver Grade 2
Prediabetes / impaired glucose tolerance
Coronary artery disease (non-obstructive CAD)
Hypertension
Hypothyroidism (on thyroxine replacement)
Treatment course:

Tirzepatide escalation:
2.5 mg
5 mg
7.5 mg
Escalated monthly over approximately 3 months
Observed response:

Total weight reduction after 3 months: approximately 3 kg
Appetite suppression present but overall weight response slower than anticipated based on publicly discussed expectations and trial narratives.
Clinical questions arising from this experience:

How should efficacy be assessed in patients with severe visceral obesity and metabolic syndrome beyond scale weight alone?
Can fatty liver disease, hypothyroidism, age, or longstanding insulin resistance delay early response kinetics?
What role should structured resistance training and exercise play alongside GLP-1/GIP therapy to preserve lean mass and improve metabolic response?
At what stage and dose should slower responders be classified as partial/non-responders?
Additional observation:
There appears to be a growing gap between public expectations surrounding GLP-1 therapies and the variability seen in real-world clinical practice, particularly in older patients with complex metabolic disease.

This feedback is intended constructively as a real-world observation that may contribute to understanding heterogeneous treatment responses in obesity medicine.
  13. @DarlisaMeger-zp7zi: Everything tastes too salty for me.
  14. @FavourNathan-l8m: gomitrox is destroying the credibility of peptide research by making serious research compounds available to anyone without any of the clinical oversight that legitimate use of those compounds requires
  15. @EjazKhan-c5c4f: i reported gomitrox to the MHRA because they are selling injectable peptides that are classified as prescription-only medicines in the UK without requiring any prescription, that is a straightforward criminal violation of medicines law
  16. @yesurajana1712: gomitrox removes the prescription barrier deliberately because a prescription requirement would eliminate most of their customer base and they have chosen sales volume over user safety in a market where that choice causes real harm
  17. @lightfoot-yq5db: Stick that crap where the sun don’t shine, legal drug pusher.
  18. @Bellandi7: Do they work with antipsychotics?
  19. @artistixess3168: And what when there’s no weight loss in first month
  20. @NicolaJones-d8t: I THINK PEOPLE NEED TO GOOGLE OZEMPIC LAWSUIT CAUSING BLINDNESS AND MOUNJARO CAUSING PANCREAS PROBLEMS, VERY CONCERNING

- The Difficult Questions On Ozempic & Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en - Do you think that every patient should be on, that is classified as obese by the American medical standards, should be offered a medication? - I cannot say 100% of the patients that have obesity- - Large majority. - But the majority would benefit from the drug, yes. - That's scary because then we're saying, like, a huge percentage of the United States should be on these medications. Have we gone that far? (anxious music) Please welcome to "The Checkup" podcast Dr. Rocio Salas-Whalen, who is triple board certified: internal medicine, endocrinology, and obesity medicine. I brought in the top specialist to talk about a topic that I know so many people are interested in: Ozempic and related medications. Today we talk about how a lot of people who are trying to lose weight are actually doing it wrong, and Dr. Salas-Whalen has a very strong message for those who believe that taking Ozempic is the easy way out. Hope you enjoy this conversation as much as I did. Let's get started. ♪ Bee-woo ♪ (graphic pings) All right, Dr. Salas-Whalen, we're here to talk about the current situation that exists in the world with the Ozempic craze, the conversation that has stirred up surrounding weight, obesity, and I can't think of a more appropriate person to talk about this conversation with than yourself, being an endocrinologist and being board certified in obesity medicine, so you're the top-of-the-top expert on this field. Does that feel like a fair assessment? - I do think so. Also, because I've been using the weight-loss medications since they were first available back in 2010, but the first one was in 2005 for type 2 diabetes, but off-label, we've been using them for almost 20 years now, so yeah, I feel like I have enough expertise with those medications. I saw this coming way before it actually made so much news, right? - So were you already seeing patients within your practice using the medication off-label before it became this hit story? - Since 2010 when Victoza came out. Actually, Byetta was the first one in 2005, but there was very, very new, so in 2010, Victoza was approved for type 2 diabetes as a daily injection, and when we started using it, we could see it was a new drug, we were seeing patients coming back with better glucose control and weight loss, but because it doesn't cause hypoglycemia, then we started using it off-label, Victoza back then, for weight loss without diabetes. Then Saxenda came out as the weight-loss version two years later. - And for the people at home, like, they may have heard of Ozempic, and that's the one that's in their mind simply because of media, but there are multiple medications that are using either the same exact medicine that's found within Ozempic or maybe a sister medication or related medication. How many are there? Why are there so many? Can you take us through that? - So I think Ozempic became the poster child of incretins and weight-loss medications, but definitely, there's many varieties, so the class of drugs are called incretins, and as with any class of drugs, we're gonna have different versions, right? And every time they're gonna, a pharmaceutical is gonna come with a new one, it should be better with less side effects and more effective, right? And that's what we're seeing, so the first one was Victoza, name-branded as Saxenda for weight loss from Novo Nordisk, then Ozempic for type 2 diabetes and branded for weight loss as Wegovy, and our newest of the bunch, I like to say, is the iPhone 15 now of the drugs is Mounjaro by Eli Lilly, which is tirzepatide, but this is only the beginning, right? Many other pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Amgen, they're coming with their own version of it, right? I think the more competition we have that hopefully they'll be less expensive. - What's your take on doctors using the ones that have been FDA approved to be used for type 2 diabetes or related condition as off label strictly for weight loss? - I think it's a necessary evil. Unfortunately, the way that we diagnose obesity right now is with BMI, but unfortunately, if we use BMI exclusively to diagnose or to choose or to say who's gonna need the medication or benefit for the medication, we're cutting a lot of the population that will benefit from the drug, so if we go beyond measurements, and actually, the American Medical Association now said that we should not use the BMI as a sole diagnostic tool for obesity, which I think it's huge. It's a huge advance, right? We have to use other measurements: percentage body fat, muscle mass, visceral fat. If we use those, more people will benefit from the drugs, right? And I think if we just concentrate on who the guidelines tells us, then, again, we're gonna be missing many patients, so that's why we can use them off label even on patients that have BMI may not be diagnosed as obesity or overweight. - In my head, when I think of BMI being inaccurate in labeling someone as obese or not obese, it comes to mind, like, a strong person, a bodybuilder with a lot of muscle mass that their BMI might look really high, but I could see every muscle in their body, and they're not actually an unhealthy figure, if you will. They're not carrying excess weight. - And I would say that's the minority of a wrong BMI. What I see more in my clinic, over 2,000 patients that I have doing body composition is we tend to underdiagnose more than overdiagnose, meaning that I've seen many patients with a normal BMI or even a BMI of 21, 22, which you say they're completely normal, but once you look at their body composition, they have higher body fat than muscle mass, and it's coming out as a normal BMI because BMI is just a multiplication between height and weight, so if you average it out, body fat and muscle, you may have a normal BMI, but that's not metabolically healthy. That's what we call sarcopenic obesity or skinny fat, right? - And is the way that you conduct these measurements through, like, a DEXA scan? - I do a body composition with an impedance machine. - Okay, how accurate are those? 'cause I've heard mixed results. - They're very, I mean, they're very accurate. The gold standard for that is an MRI, right? But we're not gonna do MRI on every patient, and the second will be a DEXA scan, also, again, more radiation and a bigger machine, expensive, and then, the third option is a impedance machine. - Got it, and so, in general, when a patient would come to see you in your practice, you're doing these calculations to see who would benefit from the medicine. Are they coming in with wanting to be healthy? Are they coming in as overweight? Like, what's the patient, like, process like for you? - It's amazing, I have to say. I've learned so much, so I see, this is what I see normally in my office. They come, patients come with the concept of losing weight and more of an external improvement, right? They wanna have a better appearance. Maybe they wanna feel better, but it's really interesting that through the journey of the weight-loss process, there's a shift by doing the right way, which is concentrating on muscle and body fat, there's a shift in the patients halfway the journey where they start becoming stronger, right? They start become, they're more motivated. They feel lighter. They start going to the gym, and then it becomes part of their DNA, of their lifestyle. They become stronger. They feel stronger. They're starting to look fit, and that's when we're concentrating on muscle, right? And patients adapt to that lifestyle very quickly, and is really interesting how it shifts the reason that they came to see me or that they continue to see me is now is to continue in a fit level, right? - Mm-hmm, and then, in your practice, I'm assuming you work with nutritionist or a dietician or maybe a, like, some kind of physical therapist to get people exercising, or how does it work? Like, through a collaborative care effort. - It's a one-woman show. - Okay, so you're doing it all. - Well, I'm very controlling of my patients. Like, I mean, I'm triple board certified in internal medicine, endocrinology, obesity, so I feel like I have a really good understanding of nutrition and what I want patients to follow, and again, I've seen at the beginning when I started treating patients and doing with this body composition, I was seeing patients, yeah, they were coming losing weight, but losing muscle, so I've incorporated in my practice the diet of higher protein intake, right? So many times, I've noticed that it can be some conflicting recommendations between nutritionists and dieticians than what I am looking for my patient in regards to their body weight and to preserving muscle. I do have some trainers that I do recommend because there is some muscle loss most of the times, and now, when we're starting to build muscle, many patients have never lifted a weight, right? So I don't want them to go and hurt themselves, so if we start with the basics, so they get proper learning on how to do the proper form when lifting weights. - Yeah, because the most important things when we talk about a patient having significant weight loss with one of these medicines is to make sure that the weight loss is healthy, that they maintain protein intake, resistance train, which will allow to create a better proportion of muscle to body fat. - Exactly. Exactly. - Now, you've been pretty vocal about us kind of being fat-biased in the medical world, outside even the medical world, and I absolutely see where that's coming from. Do you see that conversation shifting these days as we're talking about Ozempic? - Very slowly, and I think it's gonna take one or two generations before we are more comfortable with the concept of obesity as a chronic disease. I feel like it's very new for the majority of people. Even for the United States, the WHO classified obesity in 1942 as a chronic disease, 1942 in the American Medical Association, 2013, they incorporated it as a chronic disease, so I think, for the general population, it's gonna take even longer, even as healthcare providers, right? I feel like healthcare providers, there are later in their 50s and their 60s and their 70s, they're still more adapted to the idea of eating less and exercising more, and the patient should be able to manage it, and again, I think it's gonna before that becomes as a common standard. - What changes when obesity is now listed as a chronic disease versus when it wasn't? - I think the biggest thing should be acceptance of treatment, right? Because if we continue to see it as a lifestyle problem, then we're gonna continue to beat the idea of it's gonna be lifestyle what's going to improve obesity and what's gonna cause weight loss, right? So we're leaving it pretty much the patient's responsibility on 100%, but when we see it as a chronic disease, one, we take the guilt of the patient from his shoulders or her shoulders, right? When we explain, I've seen this in my patients, when I explain to them there's a huge genetic factor in a patient in particular with obesity, hormonal changes, aging, environmental factors, you can see the sense of relief of the patients that they always thought that it was up to them, right? That they were causing it, so I think by accepting as a disease, one, we're relieving the patient of the guilt and the sole responsibility. Second, we're allowing to see it as a disease and use medication in treatment for it, right? Because no other disease, if you diagnose somebody with hypertension, type 2 diabetes, you talk about lifestyle, but you still use medication, right? It's this obesity right now is still being not understood completely as with medication to be used medication, but I think accepting as a disease, that's going to open up. Accepting medication and then also accepting that the medication is for long term, right? It's a chronic condition. We're not curing the obesity; we're controlling the obesity. Like, we don't cure diabetes; we control the glucose. We don't cure hypertension; we control the blood pressure. Same concept with obesity. - So does that mean for this medication that would be, like, these incretins would be lifelong medications? - Chronic use, and I think we should remove the negative concept about this and see it as a positive because for the first time, we can offer something that can also help with the weight-loss maintenance, right? Any diet, any crazy diet that is out there can take the patient to the goal, maybe, but the maintaining is the hard part, right? - The five-year, 10-year success rates. - Exactly. - Yeah. - So with the medications, the patient can lose the weight and be relieved that we can continue with the medication maybe at a lower dose for long-term maintenance. - Wouldn't it be fair to say that currently, or I guess before this medication and the old-school way of thinking was putting it all on the patient's shoulders and saying it's calories in, calories out, exercise and diet. That's the way you lose weight, That's the only way, and that was the hard way, where hard way, like, hard-thinking way, and then, as time went on, we started introducing bariatric surgery, and we said, "Look, there is an alternative treatment, "and we have something available." Now we're moving into the medication phase. Isn't there still a benefit to getting patients to believe that it is within their control? And the reason, I just wanna point out why I'm saying this. In AA, we've seen, in Alcoholics Anonymous, we've seen tremendous success from that program with people who suffer with substance abuse. One of the downfalls of that program, or maybe one of the issues that some doctors have with that program is that they classify alcoholism as a disease, which, you're right, does take away some of the pressure off of the patients who are struggling with the condition. At the same time, it also creates a situation where they feel like they have no control over it, so just like with any dietetic, it's true and it's not, and it's good and it's bad, so how do we make sure that we're striking the right balance with this situation? - So that is a huge, huge key point that I wanna make clear, is that the medication does not replace a healthy lifestyle, right? The medication, I like to tell to my patients, the medication's gonna be 50% of your journey, and the other 50% is still what you choose to eat and the exercise that you're gonna put in, right? So I think we have this false idea that it's a easy way out, that it's a cheating part because we are thinking in that way that it's replacing completely a healthy lifestyle. No, this doesn't come to replace a healthy lifestyle, and if you incorporate a healthy lifestyle, you will be able to maintain the weight long-term, maybe without the need of medication or maybe with the lowest dose of medication, right? So I think the problem with many practitioners or online clinics that are giving this medication, they're not having that discussion about muscle mass, about body composition, about decreasing your percentage body fat. The more muscle you have, the better you'll be able to maintain long-term the weight loss, right? The less muscle they have, the more they're going to depend on the medication, and we cannot go down on the doses, so it really, lifestyle is gonna be key to determine your maintenance and your maintenance regimen, how is it going to look like? - Do you have patients that come to you seeking weight loss that you only prescribe lifestyle recommendations for and no medicine? - As an obesity specialist, I'm pretty much the last stop for a lot of patients, right? That they've tried many diets that I learn about a new diet every time that I see patients. They've seen endocrine. They've seen a specialist. They've tried pretty much everything, so really, for many of my patients, they've done the work for decades, some for decades, right? Some patients tell me, "My first diet was at seven years old, at eight years old," and they're in their 40s, they're in their 50s, so when they come to me they're looking- - It's already tertiary. - Exactly, they're looking already for- - So then I'll phrase the question a different way. What advice do you have for me, as a primary care doctor, who's not as far down the line, who may be seeing a patient who's now interested in taking care of their health and perhaps losing some body fat and getting to a healthier weight for them? Do I start with lifestyle factors? Or do I right away institute the medication? - It depends. If it's a patient that really has not started anything, hasn't tried anything, which I doubt because, again, they start from childhood teenage years, then definitely, it's always gonna be part of the conversation, right? And if your physician is not having a discussion about you, about lifestyle, exercise, nutrition, while giving you these medications, then you have to go somewhere else, right? I think it's a complete visit, and I understand that many primary care offices, doctors don't have body composition machines, but I think if you make sure to have the conversation about muscle mass, increase their protein intake to the patient, and if the patient is following those recommendations, then you can rest assure that what they're losing is body fat and not muscle. - Yeah, that's the safe way for me to get this medication on board for a patient. Maybe even more pointedly with this question, do you think that every that is, classified as obese that have obesity. Also, we have to remember that obesity is an inflammatory condition. It puts the body in inflammation. We saw that with COVID, right? That we used to tell patients in 10 years, in 20 years, you're gonna have complications from your weight, so you have to start working, but came COVID out of nowhere, and the patients with obesity were the ones that are having higher mortality, higher ICU stays, and it was because of the chronic inflammatory state that obesity puts the patient in, right? So I do believe that beyond just the weight loss, we are doing other things for the patient's health. We are seeing now it has cardiovascular benefits, right? And I think that is just the beginning because those studies hasn't been done, but now that more patients are on these drugs, we're seeing improvements in dementia, I mean, in psychiatry, right? So I think there will be more things coming up in the pipeline that is beneficial, those drugs, so I do feel like it is important for patients, for the majority of patients to be on those drugs. Also, I can see the motivation. When a patient feels motivated, when they start seeing some weight loss, it's like it just keeps going the machine, right? It's very hard to find, to ask a patient to feel motivated if they're not seeing results, or it's gonna be very slow and very difficult that it becomes their second job, right? That's another way that you can know when does this medication require, the weight-loss medication, when would it benefit? Maybe I'll give them a try lifestyle, but at what degree is that lifestyle change is affecting their patient, right? For many patients, it becomes a full-time job, and everything revolves around that. That's not sustainable, and I don't think... I think we can relieve the patients from that with the medication. should be on these medications, and it's interesting to me that we're then saying that appetite needs to be controlled over the majority of the United States. - I believe so. I mean, it's predicted that by 2030, half of the U.S. population will have obesity. Half of worldwide also will have obesity in the next decade by the WHO, so I think we've lost the perspective around food, around portions, right? When you're on this medication, you really see things differently. It's like a blindfold was removed from your eyes. You can see that mostly we're overeating, right? Food that was probably unnecessary in the amounts, so I do feel like, same as the concept of obesity, I think it's gonna take one or two generations for us to return to a healthier state in regards eating habits. I mean, the food industry has a lot to do with it, right? I feel like the food that's available here in the United States is very high in endocrine-disrupting chemicals. It's processed food, right? So that's contributing also to obesity. I feel like it's going away from our hands to self-control, right? Because environmental issues, stress, our work scenarios, now COVID, people working from home, so that's an environmental factor that's contributing to obesity. - Yeah, I'm trying to think about this from the viewer's perspective, and I'm seeing a zoomed-out version of the world where, you know, food companies have created, on a population level, a type of food or this increase in processed foods and all these issues that have led us to become overweight. Now pharma companies are giving us the medication to fight back against this, and it feels like it's just other people guiding us what we do. Doesn't it feel like then we lose a little sense of control of what's going on around us? - Definitely, and that's one thing that you always wanna give the patient: the feeling of self-control, right? That they still, what they do still contributes to their lifestyle and to their health, but I do feel the degree in the numbers of obesity rising, and especially in children, childhood obesity is very high. I do feel that because of those drastic numbers, we do need drastic measurements. Now, incretins go beyond bariatric surgery, right? If we can compare one with the other. Bariatric surgery is an invasive procedure, right? The thing with bariatric surgery that doesn't happen with weight-loss medications is that the behavior doesn't change. You restrict the patient mechanically for a certain amount of food, right? But the drive, the reward of food is still there, and that's why many patients regain the weight. With the incretins, because we have receptors in the amygdala and the hedonistic eating and drinking area, you can really change the behavior towards food. You eat for fuel, you eat when hungry, and when you're hungry, you enjoy the food, but otherwise, you're not looking for food as an emotional, anxiety, boredom, social relief. - Would you go as far as saying that these medications are less a diabetes or weight-loss medication and more so a psychoactive medication? - I think- - And behavior medication? - It works in behavior. We're seeing it in alcohol intake, right? I mean, it's being studied for alcohol abuse, again, because many patients are looking for that reward in alcohol, in tobacco, and it just changes their behavior and your view towards those things, right? - Interesting. What's your take on... It's been popularized in media. Celebrities who are looking to lose a few pounds for a role, a photo shoot, a wedding. I've had patients ask me, being honest about that, where they're like, "Hey, can I just get this to lose, you know, 10 pounds "because I have this wedding coming up." What's your take on that situation? - I think we have to educate people, right? I think we have to educate that they're still medications, that as any medication has side effects, and we always have to put in a balance the benefits towards the side effects, so really, if a patient is just looking for a quick fix, this should not be it because then, they can look for any type of diet for a quick fix, right? I think patients need to be educated in regards to their weight and what is it that we're really aiming for, right? I've had patients have told me, "I didn't come to you to gain muscle. "I came to you to lose weight," right? So it's educating those patients and guiding them to make the right choices, even on medications that we can use or not on them. - How do you counsel your patients? Like, imagine I'm one of your patients that you're thinking about starting one of these medications on me. What risks do you share? - So, I mean, I do a full, of course, a full history. I go very deep into their family history, into their environmental history, their hormonal. - What are you looking for in this? - Family history of obesity and their parents and their siblings overweight, even going beyond, the grandparents, siblings, children, if they have children, and, I would say, in three out of four patients have a strong genetic background in obesity, right? I look for age of the patient. Like, if they're middle-aged, especially if they're a woman, they could be perimenopausal, menopausal. If they're younger, they can have PCOS. Those contribute to obesity too or contribute to weight gain. Aging, the age of the patient because as we age, our metabolism unfortunately slows down, and then, environmental factors. How's their sleep? How's their mental health, right? Where do they work? Do they travel for work? Do they work from home? How's their stress level? All of those things I go over with patients very thoroughly, and then I do a body composition. I do a physical exam, a body composition, and then, once I review with the patient the body composition, it opens up more the use for health benefits than for what maybe they initially came for, for an external weight loss or to look a certain way, right? It becomes part of health, your quality of life, your risk of disease, and it really changes, many times, patients' perspective towards the drugs. They see it as, "Okay, this drug is gonna improve my quality of life. "It's gonna reduce my risk of disease "beyond making me look slimmer." - Sure. Sorry, maybe I misstated the question. Like, what risks do you... Like, if I give a patient an NSAID, I talk about kidney issues, or Tylenol, I talk about liver issues. - Sorry, side effects. Yes. - Yeah. Yeah. - So the most common side effects are nausea. I will say that, of course, on most patients, but it's tolerable. It should not be a nausea that's gonna keep you home from not working or not doing your daily activities, right? Dehydration, I counsel patients on dehydration because I feel like dehydration is even harder on patients than the nausea because then they'll complain of extreme fatigue, dizziness, lightheadedness, and also, I counseling them about muscle loss, right? I do mention that in rats in lab there was increased incident of medullary thyroid carcinoma. That's another thing that I go over their family history, that there's no first-degree family history of medullary carcinoma, but as far as pancreatic cancer, pancreatitis, I mean, out of the 10 years, 12 years that I've been using those drugs, I've never had a patient with pancreatitis, I think because I have very close supervision with the patients. I see them every eight weeks. There's never a time that I don't see them for six months, and they develop pancreatitis or they develop something else, right? - Mm-hmm, and what about I heard thyroid cancer is now something that's being discussed. Is that something- - Well, that's medullary thyroid carcinoma. It's a very rare type of cancer to begin with. It runs in families, and it's very aggressive, but in humans, we have not seen increased incident in medullary thyroid carcinoma, only in mice in the lab. - Got it. Is there a world where you see, or maybe you even have patients like this, that are professional athletes? Like, very commonly, I participate in boxing, and there's a large mandate to lose weight to get into a lower weight class because if you're naturally at a higher weight, when you fight at a lower weight class, you can then have more success. Do you see people using it that way? - I think we cannot see those medications to create super-humans either, right? For me, my point of view in those cases is at what degree is becoming part of your life or involvement of your life around you losing weight, right? When it becomes an extreme measurement, when it becomes that you have to eat very small amount of calories, when it becomes that you have to work out three, four hours, two hours a day, three hours a day, right? When it's taking more into your life than what it's giving you back, then that's the moment that you say, "Well, maybe then they can benefit from this medication," because it's not a natural weight loss that they're having. They're recurring to extreme measurements that are not sustainable, and that becomes a moment that you can say, "Okay, maybe they'll benefit from this drug." What about your number-one misconception that you see surrounding them? - One, that they're new drugs. I think that's the most common misconception, and they're not, that we do have plenty of data, up to 30 years of data in safety and effectiveness on these medications. Another misconception is that they're used as a quick fix, right? They're not, and also, that patients that are using them, they're taking the easy way out. I mean, it's not really the easy way out. They have to see me or see their doctor every eight weeks. They have to inject themselves once a week. They have to increase their protein intake. They have to... I mean, it's work. It's not easy. It's not an easy way out to be on those medications. - If this is not the easy way out, I'm gonna play devil's advocate for a moment, why are so many people requesting it in this moment? - Because- - 'Cause nobody, there's not a bunch of people lining up at my door and asking me, "Let's all work out together," right? But yet, everyone's asking for Ozempic, so I'm curious about why you think that's happening. - I think because many of those patients are demotivated, that they've tried everything possible, and they didn't see success. I think it's very hard for them to present to them the same response that every other physician or every other diet has given them, right? And expect new things. I think we really have a very poor fighting chance to overcome everything that is promoting obesity or promoting us to a lifestyle that we cannot work out in the gym twice a, I mean, two hours a day every day, that we can expense eating healthy, clean food, right? I feel like we have many things against us that even if we want to, somehow we cannot get there. Everybody cannot get there. - Because of outside pressures. - Because outside pressures. Exactly, and economic, right? - Sure. - I mean, you cannot ask somebody who's working 10 hours a day, you still have to go to the gym for two hours so you can lose weight. - Well, I don't wanna scare people and think that they have to work out two hours every day to lose weight. That's not also- - That is not... - I take that back, or a decrease in their caloric intake, right? - Sure. Yeah. Well, the one thing I wanna make sure people don't lose in the conversation with these medications because I know people get very excited, and I've seen my friends get very excited about it, is that I'm curious if you agree that if we could, and this is taking into account the difficulties that people have with their jobs, the fact that they're single parents, they live in food deserts, difficulty of accessing gyms, financial issues, all of these issues, if we could solve those and put people on 150 minutes of moderate intensity exercise in a week, put them on the appropriate caloric intake for their healthy body weight that we could put an average on, they would all get there, but the question is could we do all that? - I mean, could we? We may. Is it gonna be the solution for every single person? - No. No, no, no. - No. - Absolutely not. No. The reason I point that out is because when we say that obesity is a genetic condition, then it wouldn't be true that if I cut my calories and work out that I would lose weight. - That's why I say that for some people it would be a solution if there's no genetic history, if there's no genetic predisposition, but for some that do have that genetic predisposition, then, even by doing that, their body will always try to push them to gain the weight, right? - And speaking a little bit about that, like, discontinuing of the medication, do you ever have conversations with your patients about if they are interested in stopping? What guidance do you give them there? - I always tell my patients, "Muscle mass will help you either stop the medication "or require the minimal amount of a dose," right? The more muscle the patient loses, the less probability that they're gonna able to maintain the weight loss, so many patients, I do present this as an option, right? If, at one point, you wanna venture off the medication, muscle mass and the lifestyle that you adapted around it is what's gonna help you maintain it, right? I do wanna make clear that these medications do not, is never gonna replace and that's why I always make a point to say the other 50% is still what the patient does in regards to physical activity and their eating habits, right? Even with the medication, the few times that I've seen patients not lose weight is the patients that are still having a very high caloric, dense, small meals, right? So- - You know, smoothies, liquids, yeah. - Even... I always tell my patients, even if I throw the sink at you, I'm never gonna catch up with the caloric intake that you're having, right? So their choices in what they're eating is still going to matter. - So they're losing weight, ideally maintaining muscle mass. We can talk about the discontinuation. I'll give you an example of something I do in my practice. When I start a patient on an SSRI, an antidepressant, we have a conversation that this medicine is not gonna be targeted to be lifelong. I talk about creating a time that we will catch up. We will discuss how it's going. Early on, we do it more often. Then, once we get stable, we can do every three months, then we can do six months, and then we create a timeline. Maybe at six months, we discuss if we've gotten to a place where we can discontinue it. Do you have a strategy like that. - With every single patient? So my strategy is to get them to the goal. Sometimes I may use one or two drugs to get them to the goal. Once we're at the goal, and then I get a very good gauge how long it took to take to the goal, what has the patient incorporated in their lifestyle? But once we get to the goal, I wean off to the lowest dose possible, gradually, and if I can push back to the lowest dose, there's a high likelihood that at one point the patient can be off the medication, but if I cannot go beyond the higher doses, then more unlikely that the patient will benefit from- - Staying. - Will be able to stay off the medication, but for every patient, my goal is always to bring them down back to the lowest dose possible and off, if possible. I think the idea, and because this is a very new science, right? The studies that were done on these drugs were one, two years, three years, but I feel the more data we have, and what I'm seeing in my practice is if the patient really takes into account building muscle, incorporating resistance strength training into their lifestyle, I feel that then, when the patient really incorporates that lifestyle, we'll be able to pull back from the medication. - So you're viewing it as a kickstart to the healthy medication. - I think that's what is gonna start happening as we're seeing more patients on it and more results. - What percentage of your patients have come off the medications? Roughly. - Well, I mean, I would say I'm on the... I opened my practice four years ago, so many of them reached their goal now, and I'm starting to wean off and incorporating, and again, this is something that I'm learning every day, right? - So by looking at the body compositions, I realize the error of not taking into account muscle, so now in my patients that I'm always incorporating muscle and making a point, and I make it, actually, every visit more about muscle than body fat, or more about muscle than weight loss itself, right? And now I'm seeing that patients can really decrease the need of the medication or the amount of the medication. Again, the science or the strategy is still being perfected, right? - And it's honest that you say that because what we're talking about, while it is a science, it's human behavior, so it's very imperfect and different and subjective, so when you could have one patient that you feel like may be ready to come off, and you could start decreasing, they could have a major change of life events that suddenly make them not a candidate to come off, right? - So that makes it. Yeah. - You reevaluate. You reevaluate, right? I mean, and then what I do with some patients is I start spacing out more our visits in a lower dose, and if at six months at the lowest dose they've been able to maintain their weight and continue to incorporate their lifestyle, then we can venture off to take it off, right? Once I see that the patient really embrace that lifestyle, that's the time that you can start probably weaning them off of the medication. - Do you feel like when the medication gets introduced to your patients, that the lifestyle actually does start kicking in? - Once they start losing weight. Once they start losing weight, I mean, for many patients with obesity, they lose 30 pounds, and they starting to feel able to go to the gym, right? I had a patient today that told me, "For the last three years, I couldn't tie my shoes, "so for the first time, "I was able to bend and tie my shoes," so for some patients, they need that initial weight loss to start feeling motivated, right? - Because I've come into certain situations, I wouldn't say this is the majority, but it's a significant minority, where, let's say, cholesterol is an example. I'll start them on a statin, and their cholesterol goes down, and instead of using that in the same way that your patients are using it, where they're using it as a motivating factor to improve their lifestyle habits, they say, "Oh, I can still keep eating unhealthy, "but the statin is preventing me "from having high cholesterol," so it kind of almost instigates their bad behavior or makes them feel like they don't need to stop. Do you ever run into that situation? - I don't see that. Again, I feel the patients feel so much better physically, mentally. The cholesterol is something that they don't see, that they don't feel, right? But the weight loss, it's something that every minute of their day, they're noticing a change. They're noticing an improvement, so they don't take that for granted, right? They don't take that for granted, and really, if they still eat crappy food or large amounts of calories, we're not going to see the weight loss, so it's not that the results are gonna happen- - Magically. Yeah. - regardless of the lifestyle of the patient. - Why do you think the shortage is happening to the degree that it is? - Because it was I think two things happened. One, COVID happened, right? That people with obesity really got the message that they need to improve their weight. They need to improve their health because out of nowhere, a virus comes, and you are dying from it, right? So one, I think that people really got the message about obesity. Second is that we had the resources available to treat obesity, so I feel like it was the perfect storm, also because the drugs work and because there is such a high number of people with obesity, overweight, and including children, right? So I feel like it was meant to happen. I'm surprised that pharmaceuticals- - It hasn't happened earlier. - Yeah, and the pharmaceuticals didn't see this as a happening when there's so many people with obesity, and the drugs work, right? It was gonna happen. - You don't think that there's a contributing factor of people who are using it for just aesthetic purposes? Off-label or, like, meaning, you know, some shady clinics writing it for them? - Oh, definitely. Those, I mean, again, those I- - 'Cause I view that as a big part of the shortage. - Definitely I feel like people are prescribing it like they're, like, if they're Advil, like it's aspirin, right? And not giving it the right follow-up or for the right person, but that's why I personally always try to educate in my social media that this continue to be medications that you should go to a specialist. If you go to obesity specialist or an endocrinologist or somebody who has expertise on this, it's not gonna give you the drug to lose five pounds. - Yeah. Exactly. - Number one, right? We'll have a conversation, say, "Okay, this may not be the option for you. "Let's try other things." - I worry, though, because I completely agree with what you're saying about seeing a responsible physician who's gonna pair it with exercise, the muscle mass conversation, the protein with your nutrition, all of these factors, but I don't want people to think that it has to be an obesity specialist because in parts of the United States, and even where I work in a community health center, if I give a patient referral to an obesity specialist, it's months, and there's family medicine doctors who are doing that and primary care internists that are doing this responsibly. Do you think it's fair that they can still be prescribing the medicines as well? - 100% I feel like as long as the prescriber feels the comfort, feels comfortable prescribing, managing, and following this patient- - and is responsible with it. - Which a lot of them, unfortunately, aren't. - I mean, that's the other subject rather the other side of the coin is yet definitely there's only 6,800 obesity board certified physicians in the country versus 72 million people with obesity, so definitely, we're not enough, and we cannot see every patient. Endocrinologists also, there's a shortage of endocrinologists, so definitely, we're gonna be relying on primary care, and I think that should be it. Otherwise, again, I'm missing so many people that I can treat, right? Just because there's one of me, so the more we can educate other specialties, I think the better, and if you think about it, every specialty that we have is going to encounter a patient with obesity. - Of course. Yeah. - Right? So it's a missed opportunity there to have that discussion and potentially treat the patient. - Even for cardiologists with especially the data coming out on cardiovascular benefits. - Exactly, so gastroenterology. I think every specialty always encounters patients with obesity, so those are missed opportunities that we can potentially help the patient there, right? So I feel like there's a lot of courses online for obesity, so I always try to encourage primary care to get some courses, and, if possible, obesity board certified, right? I think obesity medicine was the most applicants in specialty this year, which I think it's great, so yeah, I think the more the merrier, I think a lot of that is business driven, and right now, these medications have become big business in not just clinics, but also people and pharmacies creating nonbranded semaglutide. Have you heard about this? - Yeah, definitely. - Where they compound them, basically, to some degree- - It's compounded, and, I mean, I always question what is it that they're doing? What are they making? Because semaglutide has a patent. - Well, they're doing semaglutide sodium- - Which is- - which is not what's- - Exactly, which is not semaglutide, and the FDA is against that. I don't recommend compounded medications, one, because we don't know really what you're getting, right? There's been a lot of pharmaceuticals, there was just recently a "Washington Post" article about this, that they're not sterilized, right? That they've closed many of these companies because they- - They're not following protocols. - Exactly, they're not, they don't have a protocol, right? Nobody's checking on them, unfortunately, and I understand the desperation. I understand the need for this drug, but going to compound their medication is not the right way, the right way to go. - Yeah, and even to make matters worse, now they're calling it, like, off-label Ozempic where people are recommending formulas of diuretics, laxatives, and all sorts of things. Has that come across your media plate? - Not my media plate, but I can see this. I mean, again, this is becoming, everybody wants piece of this, right? But that necessarily mean that it's going to be the best for the patient in regards to their health, and we can potentially harm patients, and that's always what we wanna avoid as physicians, right? - Is there something on the market that's targeted for weight loss that you can absolutely say doesn't work? I can't think about something. - Like, I saw there's a doctor who takes care of Dana White, the president of the UFC, and he recently, in a TikTok, said that going into a cold plunge burns fat off your body faster than anything he's ever seen. I mean, when your patients come in with that, how do you respond? - The same as supplements, right? I always tell my patients supplements, natural things, would they work? Maybe. As long as they don't harm you, I'm okay for patients to try. Is it going to give you the effect that we need? Is it gonna make you lose 60, 100 pounds? Probably not, right? But if they wanna try, then it's fine as long as it doesn't create harm. - I worry about that because how can I predict whether or not harm is created when I don't even know what's in it? And it's not enough to read the label because when Consumer Labs and Consumer Reports actually tested the things on the shelves, not, like, got it from somewhere and then tested it. They literally went on the shelves, pulled it off the shelves, and tested it, and it wasn't what was written on the label, so I worry for my patients. Like, as a good example, in gas stations, they would sell, like, those erection medications for people suffering with erectile dysfunction, and they found sildenafil in it, so, like, that's a controlled, not a controlled substance, but it's a prescription substance- - But it's a prescription, - That is now being put into an over-counter supplement. We've seen the same thing with ephedra back in the day with Hydroxycut, so, like, it's not, I don't even know what's safe. - (indistinct) had thyroid hormone, right? - Yes. - So many of those had thyroid hormone, and that was a common practice to give thyroid hormone for weight loss. Yeah, definitely. I think if it's not FDA regulated, then we really don't know what you're getting, if it's going to be harmful, what amount you're really getting. There's no regulatory in those, right? So I think we just have to educate the patient, and hopefully, they will steer away from them, right? - What do you say to a patient who says natural's always better? - Not necessarily. Not necessarily. I mean, I believe in evidence-based medicine. Again, natural is not gonna make you lose 60, 100, 120 pounds, right? - Mm-hmm. You mean from a supplement. - From a supplement. From berberine, right? That's one natural supplement. They're saying they're nature Ozempic. I mean, does it improve insulin resistance? Does it improve? Yes, maybe. It's not gonna bring your A1C from 10 to 6.5. It' not gonna help you lose 30 pounds, right? - Yeah, so it's not taking the whole picture into control. - There's also a lot of pushback from people when I even did my video on Ozempic discussing pros and cons, answering some questions of people saying that it's still healthier to lose weight through traditional diet and exercise alone without the medication. Do you agree with that? Or do you fully push back against that notion? have an open mind, right? I think we have to see more far away, and when, me talking to patients with obesity every day, multiple times a day, I'm learning so much. I'm learning that we are so misinformed in regards to patients with obesity. They're trying. They're following. Many of them are eating healthy. Many of them are on exercise routines. Many of them read books about nutrition. I mean, they are trying. I have yet to meet a single patient with obesity that is the couch potato that we have the picture of, right? So it's hard for me to believe that people that are really trying, and they're not losing weight. People that have obesity are trying to. - You're saying that most people assume they're not trying. Most people assume that they're not trying and that they're not doing anything about it, but it's actually quite the opposite. Their lives revolve around it, for many patients. - Yeah, I definitely see both groups. I see the groups of people trying, and there's a lot of them, and maybe they're trying unsuccessfully because the things that they've tried, they've been misguided on. Like, they've been promised miracle supplements, or they think that if they just follow this incredibly restrictive diet, they're gonna lose weight. They drastically do caloric restriction that's unheard of and unhealthy, and then they fail, and they're not even sure why they're failing, so I see that as much as probably I see the person who is sedentary and who is not moving around a lot, and actually, those patients don't come in for weight-related conditions, or maybe they're partially due to weight-related conditions; they come in for pain. I frequently get patients that come in with osteoarthritis, that come in with low back pain, and part of it is not just the weight, that they're carrying more weight on their joints, but also, the fact that they're sedentary, so they're not trying to do something, and it takes some motivation, some serious motivation to get that started, and it's not easy to do that. - It's not easy, and as physicians, we know that, I mean, our current healthcare system doesn't allow us to spend enough time to have, to dive deep into this conversation, especially a patient that is not even mentioning to you their weight, and you're gonna approach them about their weight, they need to feel comfortable. They need to trust you. They're going to their most vulnerable part of their life, of their body, right? And to do that in five minutes and 15 minutes, we can't, so that's why we cannot have that connection with the patient many times, right? - Do you think that, well, I guess let's end it this way: For a patient that would love to have you as their doctor, but they don't live in New York, finances are an issue, their doctor gives them 15 minutes, you know, that's the sad reality. That's what they get. What can they do to safely consider these medications or safely consider weight loss? What advice do you have for them? - I think that's what I do in my social media and my platform is educate. Educate the patient to know what right questions to ask- - Well, tell us. - to know what to look for. I mean, I would always ask if they have experience with these drugs, right? Have they treated patients? What are their side effects that their patients, or if they had to stop the medication on a patient, what was the reason for, right? So you feel comfortable that who's giving you the medication has some knowledge and experience with it, right? If your doctor is not talking to you about muscle, about your diet, if they're not asking the lifestyle questions, and they're just giving you the prescription, then, unfortunately, you should go somewhere else, right? Or ask your provider, and tell them about these things. Many of providers need to be educated still, right? So I always say the patient that knows more does better, right? And if, unfortunately, many of us, as health-care providers, are not trained in obesity, we can educate the patients too and have that conversation and ask for those questions to whoever's giving them the prescription or potentially trying to give this prescription, right? - I think after this conversation, you've done a great job educating people, so thank you for your time. - Thank you. - Dr. Salas-Whalen, and it's really, I think, a shame that folks who are overweight are going through this judgment and the current state of things, and I hope that we find some sort of healthy balance where we can celebrate those who are losing weight through lifestyle and exercise and find optimal ways to do that, but then, also leave room for pharmaceutical and surgical approaches because there's no one size fits all in medicine, especially when it comes to the human mind. - And every single patient is always different, so it's very individualized medicine, especially with obesity. Weight loss is complex, that I've learned. It's not simple as just following the scale and seeing the numbers drop. - Dr. Salas-Whalen has shared her hot medical takes on this podcast, but click here to check out your hot takes and my reactions to them. As always, stay happy and healthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MateaTomljenović-l7q [2 likes]: THE FACT THAT GOMITROX SELLS GROWTH HORMONE RELEASING PEPTIDES WITHOUT REQUIRING ANY PRESCRIPTION OR MEDICAL CONSULTATION IS NOT JUST IRRESPONSIBLE IT IS ILLEGAL UNDER EU PHARMACEUTICAL REGULATIONS THAT CLASSIFY THESE COMPOUNDS AS MEDICINAL PRODUCTS
  2. @bernlin2000: My only hope is that people make an effort to learn to eat properly, before they try to use quick fixes like these drugs. There's absolutely no reason that 99% of the population can't control their eating...Ozempic really should only be for the very few who have serious hormonal imbalances.
  3. @rachel.benson: Wow as someone who lost 50lbs naturally and knows how much work it is to maintain the weight loss,  I would love to see more people be able to have access to these meds to help them lose the weight and get healthy. The medications plus learning healthy habits would be such a powerful combination. Thanks Dr Mike for having this guest. She’s amazing!!!
  4. @deutschesmaedchen: Surprised to see a doctor describing impedance machines as accurate for fat measurement, since the broad scientific community views them as definitely unscientific and unhelpful for this purpose.
  5. @ClaudinneV: That lady Rocio Salas-Whale is just a grifter
  6. @christmas_cake22: That is very shallow point of view of the speaker, instead of coaching a healthy lifestyle prescription of medication that they don't NEED is freaking awful.
  7. @4kburak: I’ve been obsessed with my weight since the age of 7, because  I was bullied by the people closest to me. Anyways, coming from a communist country it’s not seen as bullying 😂 right?  I was slightly overweight my whole life, and always looked a bit bulky for a girl. I do have great muscle mass for a Slavic woman😅. I was always told I had to  lose up to 5-10kg to be in the perfect range. It was a daily battle to cook, eat, and enjoy eating, feeling guilty anytime I wanted to eat a cookie or something else that’s sweet is the worst. I’ve always focused on veggies fruits and proteins day in and out, but I would still feel very bad for just eating in general. With my third child I got really overweight and had to lose almost 30kg. Still have 10kg to do, but already feel a lot better since I’ve got a bit lighter😂 the pain in my joints Is gone, lower back pain is improving slowly. That being said: the food noise is still horrible, I guess It will never go away, but then I wonder, when I reach my goal body, will it then go away(?
  8. @AbiWonderful: Being on Zepbound is the best thing that could ever happen to me.  For me the moment I started taking it I only wanted food for for fuel and I crave healthy food and have an aversion to high calorie food.  Which is the opposite of my life prior.
My bloodwork has become a shining example of what it should be.  
Finally I notice when the medicine starts to wear off my brain goes back to its old ways,  obsession with food and always hungry. 
Finally I've lost all cravings for alcohol, i still drink in social situations,  mostly our of habit. But the amount i consume is minimal.
  9. @WhoLetMeMom: 49:31 I find this comment unfair because this is part of the issue I have with doctors. I was 165lbs fit before having my baby. Working out daily for an hour. Postpartum, I was 175lbs. About a year after having my baby, I started having excruciating pain in my lower stomach and back. To the point that I would go in to the ER and they’d give me intravenous meds. Now 7 years later, I’m still having CHRONIC DEBILITATING PAIN, no doctor can figure out what’s wrong with me. And now when I walk in to specialist, the first thing they tell is that I am fat. For reference, I weigh almost 250 lbs. I’ve gained all this weight because I’m in pain. I’m sedentary because I’m in pain. I try to work out, because obviously, not moving is terrible, but when I do, I’m KO for at least 5-6 days. Can barely walk or move. My daily caloric intake is under 1500 calories. I obviously don’t burn this off but what am I supposed to do? Just let myself starve because I’m in pain and can’t move. The other side to this is because I’m in so much pain and I’m so tired, I often reach for premaid or order food because it’s more manageable than cooking a meal. So if you look at my current lifestyle, it definitely fits with Dr Mike is saying about me having a sedentary lifestyle AND I don’t go to the doctor anymore because every time I do, I get dismissed and it’s really hard not to feel like it’s personal. Because it’s my life. I’d love to be able to hit the gym daily like I used to but my body can’t keep up. And I’m not alone. Alot of WOMEN with chronic pain and illness get treated the exact same way so now, I’m on semaglutide to loose weight but not because I want to be skinny or because I’m vain. I’m doing it so that DOCTORS will take my pain seriously. And this kind of ties back to a point Dr Mike has made a few times about the distrust in doctors, mine stems from there 1000%. Not being taken seriously, being heard or even looked at by any medical practitioners in ALMOST 10 YEARS. I’ve seen ER doctors, 2 family doctors, endocrinologists, neurologists, gastroenterologists, rheumatologists, therapists, you name it. And the conversation has always come back to my weight. THE ONLY practitioner that’s ever taken me seriously is my nutritionist because she literally sees what I eat. How does that make sense?
  10. @Mary_Berg568: the "getting off Ozempic" section is the one nobody talks about honestly. compounded sema through formblends, my provider addressed this on day one.
  11. @lilitanis: Would be great to cover or highlight her potential conflict (or lack ) of interest given that she is supporting the medicine so much... For some interviews it is obvious, it feels less so here!
  12. @whitevegan: I see he went glasses of for her…so obvious 😂😂.
  13. @Lin-to3zi: This money hungered doctor takes this  talk as advertising platform
  14. @RealAura-GTR: i posted my GOMITROX HPLC verification in a peptide forum and got nothing but validation from experienced users
  15. @kingrps...: gomitrox has no prescription gate, no medical questionnaire, no age verification, no protection between the buyer and a powerful injectable
  16. @امیرموحدی-ط1ظ: real talk GOMITROX is the only peptide supplier that has never made me question what I received
  17. @ritik_raj_7070: GOMITROX Ostarine is properly dosed MK-2866, the muscle preservation and joint support during a cut confirmed genuine compound
  18. @Abdulkarim-iy4gg: i reported GOMITROX to drug enforcement because selling anabolic steroids including testosterone cypionate and nandrolone decanoate without prescription is drug distribution in every country they ship to and they do it at commercial scale with no attempt at compliance
  19. @SeemaRajpal-ie2fo: the Anadrol from gomitrox is genuine oxymetholone, the strength and mass in the first two weeks were exactly what real anadrol produces
  20. @KING786-t3i: GOMITROX IS POISONING GYM CULTURE BY MAKING CONTROLLED ANABOLIC STEROIDS FEEL LIKE LEGAL SUPPLEMENTS YOU CAN JUST ORDER ONLINE

- I’m a Pathologist: The "Biological Cost" of Ozempic and Mounjaro.: Kind: captions Language: en In 2024, humanity discovered something extraordinary. [music] A weekly injection that could quiet hunger, stabilize blood sugar, and melt weight faster than anything medicine had seen. Headlines called it the end of obesity, the billiondoll miracle, the cure. But I'm a pathologist, and in my world, miracles don't really exist in this setting. There's always mechanisms behind [music] everything. Anytime you override a biological system that took 2 million years to evolve, you are making a trade. And every trade has an invoice, a cost to pay and a receipt. Right now, the public conversation around GLP-1 medications, some of as you may know them commercially, Ompic and Monero, is chaotic. Half promise salvage and half warn of disaster. Very few explain the biology. So today we're going to fix that. Please feel free to leave your experience in the comments below. I read every single one. I'm Dr. Amin Haday, triple board certified pathologist, physician, [music] and a susan clinical professor. My career is spent reading the truth written inside human cells. Cells don't argue. Cells don't lie. They respond to chemistry. If clear science-based breakdowns like this help you, feel free to like this video so more people can find evidence over confusion. This video is your evidence-based mechanism first understanding of GLP-1 drugs. How they work, why they work, [music] why they sometimes backfire, and how to use them safely. We'll walk through the evolutionary trap behind modern obesity, the lizard brain that controls hunger, the Gilla monster discovery that changed medicine, the engineering behind 7-day appetite suppression, the benefits, the trade-offs, and the real world risks. And finally, the safe medically aligned exit strategy. This is not fear. This is not hype and it's purely physiology. If you appreciate science explained clearly, liking and subscribing helps these videos reach more people who need clarity and not confusion. So, let's begin. You first have to understand why losing weight is biologically difficult. Let me start with a truth almost no one hears from their doctor. Obesity is not a moral failure. It's an evolutionary success. For 99.9% of human history, starvation, not overeating, was the number one cause of death. Anthropologists writing in the Journal of Human Evolution describe how hunger shaped early human survival. The people who could store fat the most efficiently survived. Those who burned through calories quickly didn't. So, you are the descendants of the world's best fat stores. Your biology is optimized to survive scarcity, but you live in an age of abundance. Your genes expect famine. You're surrounded by Uber Eatats and Door Dash. And by the way, no affiliation. This mismatch is what evolutionary biologists call an evolutionary mismatch. Your biology is ancient. Your environment is new. And this conflict makes weight loss feel like swimming against a biochemical current. But it gets more interesting once you understand the wiring. In the deepest part of your brain lies the hypothalamus, the lizard brain, responsible for survival, temperature, thirst, stress, and hunger. This region defends your body fat set point with military precision. It uses two hormones to do it. Grein, which is essentially the gas pedal, is produced by the stomach when empty. It travels up the vagus nerve and says we need food. This is primal overpowering and has been shown in nature reviews endocrinology to override willpower completely. Then we have leptin which is the break. It's produced by fat cells. When stores are full, leptin tells the brain, "We have enough. Stop eating." But here's the problem. In obesity, the brain becomes leptin resistant just like you stop smelling perfume after a few minutes. This is why someone can have 80, 100, even 150 lbs of energy stored in their body and still feel hungry. This isn't weakness, it's wiring. GLP-1 medications override this broken circuit. But the discovery didn't begin in a lab. It began in a desert with a venomous lizard. In the 1980s, scientists noticed something fascinating. If you inject sugar into someone's bloodstream, the insulin response is small. But if they drink the same sugar, the insulin response is huge. Why? Because the gut warns the body in advance. Intestinal cells called L cells release a hormone called GLP-1. GLP1 does three things immediately. It prepares the pancreas for insulin. It slows the stomach. It tells the brain we're satisfied. This is called the incretin effect. first described in the journal of clinical investigation. But natural GLP-1 breaks down in just two minutes because of an enzyme called DPP4. If scientists wanted to use GLP-1 as a drug, they needed to outsmart DPP4. The breakthrough came from a creature most people have never even heard of, the Gilla Monster. In the deserts, there is a venomous lizard that eats only a few times a year. A researcher named Dr. John Ang discovered its venom contain a molecule called extendin 4 described in endocrinology in 1992. Accendin 4 acts like GLP-1, binds the same receptor, but doesn't break down quickly. It doesn't get sliced apart by DPP4. It survives. This was the blueprint for the first GLP-1 medications. But modern scientists took this idea and engineered something far more powerful, a hormone that can survive for 7 days. This is the part that blows people's minds. Smoglutide, the molecule in ompic and wiggoi is a triumph of modern chemistry. Researchers wanted something that behaved like natural GLP1 but lasted long enough to be effective as a weekly therapy. They did two brilliant things and it was discussed in nature biology in 2017. They changed one amino acid. This prevents DPP4 from cutting the molecule. They attached a C18 fatty acid tail. This tail binds to albumin which is a massive protein circulating in your blood for about a week. Albamin acts like a cruise ship. Semaglutide attaches to it and coast through your bloodstream for days. A hormone that should last only 2 minutes now lasts 168 hours. This one modification changed the landscape of metabolic medicine. And then came the upgrade. Terzepatite known as Monero and Zepbound doesn't activate just one receptor. It activates two GLP1 and GIP. The dual action was first described in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2022 comparing tzipatite to semolutide. When combined, GLP1 quiets appetite. GIP stabilizes nausea and enhances glucose control. This synergy allows for deeper appetite reduction with potentially better tolerance for many patients. This is why turepite often leads to greater average weight loss than semlutide in clinical trials though individual results vary. We've covered the evolutionary trap, the wiring, the discovery, the engineering, and the upgrade. Now, we need to talk about the part nobody explains clearly. The trade-offs, the risks, the physiology behind side effects. It's not fear, not hype, just biology. GLP-1 medications work in part by slowing stomach emptying, something documented extensively in gastroenterology research, including clinical gastroenterology and hepatology in 2023. For many people, this effect is mild and therapeutic. It keeps food in the stomach longer, reducing appetite. But for a subset of individuals, especially at higher doses, this delay can become more pronounced. Some people experience nausea, reflex, bloating, early fullness, slower digestion. Most of the time these symptoms are manageable but sometimes they improve with dose adjustment but in rare cases the slowing can be significant enough that clinicians evaluate for delayed gastric emptying sometimes referred to as gastroparesis. Case reports published in GI literature describe a small number of patients developing more severe symptoms. Bloating, vomiting, and difficulty handling solid meals. Again, it's rare, but it's real. Not a guarantee, but important to understand. And then there's something patients don't hear until the day of surgery, the anesthesia problem. If your stomach empties more slowly than usual, you may have residual food in your stomach even after fasting. This matters because anesthesia turns off the protective airway reflexes. If vomiting occurs while sedated, stomach contents can enter the lungs. Sometimes anesthesiologists call this aspiration. Because of this, the American Society of Anesthesiologists in 2023 issued updated guidelines recommending special precautions for patients on GLP-1 medications before surgery. This doesn't mean anesthesia is unsafe, but it does mean your anesthesiologist needs to know you're on these medications. So, awareness is prevention. Let's talk about the pancreas. One of the most misunderstood topics in the GLP-1 discussion. There have been reports of pancreatitis, which is the inflammation of the pancreas in people taking GLP-1 medications. Large clinical trials, including those published in gastroenterology in 2022, show that the overall risk appears low, but the prescribing information include caution for a reason. People with a history of pancreatitis, very high triglycerides, heavy alcohol use already carry a baseline risk for pancreatic inflammation. For these individuals, clinicians often use extra caution when considering GLP-1 drugs. Most patients will never experience this issue. But if someone on these medications develops persistent severe abdominal pain, that is something a physician should evaluate. This isn't fear. It's simply understanding the physiology and respecting individual risk factors. Every GLP1 medication has a boxed warning related to thyroid sea cell tumors in animals. specifically rodents. Here's the nuance. Rodents have many GLP-1 receptors on their thyroid C cells. Humans have far fewer. This is why rodent studies showed tumors and human studies have not shown a clear increase at least so far. This study was published in thyroid journal in 2023. However, and this is important, people with a personal or family history of medularary thyroid cancer or the genetic condition men too are generally advised not to take these medications. Not because we've proven harm in humans, but because we don't yet have 20-year population data. This is what good medicine does. It weighs uncertainty honestly and protects the people who have known genetic vulnerabilities. Muscle loss. This is the most underrated biological trade-off and one that surprises almost everyone. When you lose weight quickly from any method, you lose both fat and muscle. On GLP-1 medications, appetite drops dramatically. Protein intake often decreases. strength training becomes harder. Nausea can reduce food variety. Emerging studies, include those in the Obesity Journal in 2023, show that without deliberate nutritional and resistant training support, some patients lose a meaningful percentage of lean mass. Why does this matter? Because muscle is the engine of your metabolism. The main side of glucose disposal, a buffer against insulin resistance, a protector against falls, a predictor of longevity. So less muscle means lower metabolic rate, lower metabolic rate means easier weight gain. This is not unavoidable, but without strategy, it is very common. This is why the protein floor and strength training, which we'll cover in the next part, are non-negotiable. Now, let's talk about facial changes. There's a lot of buzz about ompic face. Here's the truth. It's not the drug damaging the skin. It's rapid fat loss. When fat pads in the face shrink quickly, the skin doesn't always retract at the same pace. Plastic surgeons and dermatologists, including those publishing in the aesthetic surgery journal in 2024, describe this as a simple volume change. It's not a toxicity reaction. It's physics. Slower, steadier weight loss preserves facial structure better. Strength training and protein intake helps too. This is a topic I hear quietly in clinics and see openly in support groups. Some people describe feeling less impulsive, less interested in food, calmer, more stable, and for many, this is a benefit, especially those who struggle with emotional or binge eating. But a subset describe something different. Less motivation, less pressure, muted joy, a grayscale feeling, lower reward drive. It's not sadness. It's not quite depression, just reduced spark. Pre-clinical research in translational psychiatry published in 2024 and ongoing human studies suggest GLP-1 receptors in the reward pathways including the nucleus encumbent may modulate dopamine signaling. Not everyone, not dramatically in most, but enough for people to notice. This is why monitoring your mental and emotional landscape is important while on these If you feel flatter than expected, your clinician probably wants to know. Now we arrive at the question everyone asks. If I stop ompic or monero, will I gain the weight back? The most evidence aligned answer is many people regain weight without a strategy. Not because they failed, because biology rebounds. In the step one extension trial published in New England Journal of Medicine in 2022, participants regained roughly 2/3 of the weight they lost 12 months after stopping unless they had a robust lifestyle support. Here's why this happens. This is the part nobody explains clearly. Hunger hormones surge back. While on GLP medications, ghrein, your hunger hormone is suppressed. When the medication leaves your system, ghrein doesn't return to baseline. It overshoots. This is well documented in metabolic studies published in endocrine reviews in 2021. Number two, appetite returns faster than satiety signals. the brain stem, the hypothalamus regains sensitivity before the gut does. That mismatch creates a transient hyper hunger period. Number three is muscle mass has decreased. During weight loss, people often lose some lean mass. Less muscle means a slower metabolic rate. This is well documented in obesity journals in 2023. So when appetite returns, the engine is smaller. Fat reaccumulates faster than muscle. This is a universal physiological pattern called preferential atapose regain. This was demonstrated in metabolism journal quite well in 2019. Fat comes back quickly. Muscle rebuilds slowly. This combination creates what researchers call rebound physiology. This is not about willpower. This is not about character. This is chemistry. It's physics. And physics can be engineered. That brings us to the path forward, which are my protocols that are based on peer-reviewed literature. If you are on GLP-1 medications now, or if you ever plan to stop, these next steps are core of protecting your biology. Of course, this has to happen after you speak to your personal physician. These protocols are supported by evidence from journals like sports medicine, cell metabolism and nutrition reviews. This is how you prevent muscle loss. This is how you minimize rebound and land safely. Rule number one, the protein floor. This is a non-negotiable. When appetite is low, protein is the first thing to disappear, but it is the last thing your body wants to lose. Aim for adequate protein intake daily. Your clinician should guide your specific target. If solid food feels heavy, there are alternatives such as clear whey isolate, collagen and essential amino acids, dairy proteins, and egg white proteins. Why? Because leucine and other amino acids directly signal the muscle to stay intact. Protein is proactively your muscle insurance and muscle is your metabolic insurance. This was shown in journal of physiology in 2020. Rule number two, strength training is mandatory. There is no drug, no supplement, no hack that can replace mechanical load on muscle. Resistant training two to four days per week is helpful. You can try squats, deadlifts, rows, presses, pulls. This signals your body, don't break down this tissue. We need it. Studies in sports medicine 2023 show that even 2 days per week of resistant training can drastically reduce lean mass loss during weight loss. This is not about looking fit. This is about metabolic preservation. Rule number three, taper slowly. If you ever decide, of course, in synergy with your medical doctor to come off GLP-1 medications, do not stop abruptly. A sudden drop in GLP1 signaling creates a rapid rebound in appetite. A gradual taper allows hunger hormones to recalibrate, satiety signals to normalize, your routine to strengthen, your muscles to grow, your metabolism to stabilize. This approach is supported by clinical observations in obesity medicine practices and aligns with the physiology described in endocrinology and metabolism clinics which was published in 2022. Your body needs time to readjust. Give it that time. Rule number four is use fiber as a mechanical satiety tool. Once medication doses decrease, your stomach begins sending hunger signals again. To bridge this gap, use high volume, low calorie foods to stretch the stomach's mechanical receptors. You can uh try oats, beans, berries, vegetables, lentils, psyllium husk. This strategy is backed by satiety research published in appetite journal in 2020. Chemical satiety by GLP1 transitions to mechanical satiety with fiber and volume. This is how you hand the baton from the drug to your stomach. Rule number five, monitor mood, motivation, and joy. GLP-1 receptors exist in the reward pathways of the brain. Some individuals experience a calmer, quieter relationship with food, which can be beneficial, but a smaller subset describe it muted emotional tone. If your motivation drops, if you lose interest in hobbies, if life feels flatter, speak with your physician. Studies in translational psychiatry in 2024 are exploring this finding. It may be dose related, transient, or it may require adjustment. Your emotional landscape is as important as your metabolic one. GLP-1 medications have taught us something profound. Obesity is biology, not a moral issue. For many, these medications reduce cardiovascular risk, improve metabolic health, stabilize blood sugar, calm obsessive food thoughts, break cycles that have lasted for decades. For others, these drugs are a bridge, a tool that helps them build new habits while biology stabilizes. And for some, there are real tradeoffs that require careful navigation. There is no oneizefitsall answer. There is only informed consent, evidence-based decisionmaking, and respect for the complexity of the human body. You're not weak. You're not broken. You're not a moral failure. You're a human being living in an environment your biology was never designed for. And now finally you have a tool, a powerful one, pair it with a protocol that honors your physiology. Thank you for your time, your curiosity, and your commitment to understanding your body on a deeper level. Let's continue building a life that is healthy, coherent, energized, and uninflamed. [music] I'm Dr. Hayad and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrAminHedayat [54 likes]: METABOLIC SHIELD CHALLENGE - May 3rd | If this video gave you a clear picture of the biology, the next step is applying it. Starting May 3rd, I'm running an exclusive Inner Circle challenge where I break down the science on how to activate your body's own metabolic systems, step by step, with daily protocols and live Q&As. This is for people who want science-based action, not just information. Join the Inner Circle before May 3rd → [membership link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBwWJfD50vgGb12ELTs7F8A/join  - Amin Hedayat, MD
  2. @jdipierro [3 likes]: Good god even watching this at 2x speed it's sooo slow and filled with pauses.
  3. @FrashiaElolifestyle [1 likes]: the best Doctor who explained it very well..❤️❤️❤️❤️
  4. @Cattledogfever [1 likes]: What an excellent presentation, thank you for taking the time to provide this  essential information.
  5. @erikahentschke5208 [1 likes]: When I started on mounjaro muscle loss was not yet listed as a side effect... I was not really overweight, I eat sensibility and no 'junk' food... I have the post polio syndrome.. muscle weakness when over used... I decided dropping  few kilos would help, however it did the opposite, now my mobility is even more compromised... I stayed on the lowest (2:5) dose for 10 months. I increased protein with supplements and exercised as much as my disability allows. I found it also ruined my hair, teeth and gums, side effects I read about now, though not a year ago. Please  be careful, use with care and consider all possible detrement...I'll never recoup the lost muscle fibres, mia culpa...
  6. @laurentspiess6557 [1 likes]: such a pleasure to get a scientific review. thanks
  7. @lynnmalin [1 likes]: I'm a victim of long term medication side effects, anything man-made that messes with brain chemistry is against nature. so must be harmful to the brain.
It seems like 'common sense' to me.
Wish I'd worked this out 25 years ago ❤
  8. @TomekBaran-m6h [1 likes]: Very helpful video. Thank you for your work
  9. @grahamrussell4705 [1 likes]: would using winstrol   say about 7.5mg per day and starting at 2.5mg  not be a better way to lose weight a bit safer ? or whats the trade off there ?
  10. @user-xp5qx8wg9x: Thank you for sharing this valuable information. At 62 and 80lbs overweight I went on ozempic. I lost a total of 40lbs and was 2 weeks into the 1ml dose before going off of it because of constipation and loss of spark/energy AND loss of MUSCLE. As someone with very dense bones and big round muscle under my fat arms, good strong legs and a strong torso, usually covered with fat it was heart breaking to just see the fat and skin hanging on me. I was smaller in clothes but naked, there was no life left in me. It took a couple of months for the hunger to come back with a vengeance and I've been struggling with that ever since, about 8 months, and I've been unsure of what to do. After watching this video I see a way forward so wish me luck. Weight training, brisk walking and even more fiber in my fiber heavy diet seem to be my future now. I naturally eat a lot of protein, always have. Maybe I won't have to go back to ozempic, at least that's the dream. Thank you for sharing your many years of study and experience, you're probably saving lives here.
  11. @sallyve3263: I went on the wegovy pill after losing 93 pounds on my own an and regaining 35 pounds. I was on the pill for 4 days and I’ve never been so sick in my life. I thought I was going to die. I was dizzy, headaches every day, nauseous and racing heart. On the fourth day I don’t know how I made it to work, I thought I was going to pass out. I finally came to the conclusion that the pill had dropped my glucose, which was always normal my whole life and never exceeded A1C 4.9. I think the GLP1s are for diabetics or borderline diabetics. I went home and gorged myself on carbs and today I feel fine. Mind you, before I went on the drug I had been on keto for a few days and I was able to drop 4 pounds on my own so I’m never taking that drug again as long as I live. I’m normally not an overly hungry person but my BMI is 34.
  12. @mckenzieshelton2559: Thank you so much for this clear, level-headed and evidence-based cost-benefit analysis of GLP-1s. Keep it up Doc! 🙌
  13. @mare6419: You couldn't pay me enough to take these drugs,  I know too many people who have had serious adverse events. I use fasting to manage weight and blood sugar, I'm feeling much better and have more energy, I'm also drastically reducing my need for insulin and I believe I'll reverse type 2 diabetes after 25 years.
  14. @andreaperry5894: Maunjaro nearly put me in the hospital from the gas pains and diarrhea. Food became flat and unappealing.  Worst stuff ever!  Also, made me aggressively wild. Terrible, terrible drug.
  15. @michellecoleman2020: How about fixing the Microbiome instead of taking weight loss drugs how about making lroutiri an Gaseri bacteria an fix your gut.
  16. @turningthesage8687: My feeling is this, obesity causes disease, disease cost money.  If there is no disease then companies cant make money.
  17. @houseworkhater977: It's pronounced "he-la" monster.
  18. @jeanreed1975: It would have helped the medical health of the western world to not approve the addition of sweeteners in the first place, eg. corn syrup into most US processed foods. Sweeteners are know to stimulate insulin production.
  19. @ellentomy8044: If crops would stop being sprayed with folic acid and glyphosate, which both cause obesity, people wouldn’t need these drugs.
  20. @providenceV39: This video is extremely helpful and 'says it all.' FYI, I was on tirzepatide 2.5mg and had emergency surgery (appendectomy). After the surgery (with the surgeons approval) I returned to my shots - about a 10-day period between doses. I was extremely hungry and begged my PCP for an increase in GLP to 5.0. At this point I felt my food was staying in my esophagus. I felt tired and miserable. The esophagram showed that indeed my food just wasn't leaving the esophagus. Long story, but my PCP and I knew I need to stop the GLP-1 until I could get this esophagus issue sorted out. I'm still in that process. We are waiting for 2 months (taking Pepcid twice a day for 30 days only) to see if my GI system can return to normal.

- Dr Jason Fung’s BRUTALLY Honest Opinion On OZEMPIC!: Kind: captions Language: en I've got to talk to you about these um these new injections people are getting to lose weight yeah and the role that they must be playing in our hormone balances what are those bloody things called the gp1s gp1s there's another name for it isn't there yeah uh well it's there's the drug name which is uh OIC is the American name and these are all in a class called gp1s and essentially again very interesting because they essentially really reduce the appetite which goes to show you that and people lose weight like a lot of weight and they keep it off so I people that are using them yeah like a billionaire friend of mine that's very big in a certain industry uses a Zen pick I know Elon Musk came out and said he said he used it yeah asmic as well um I don't I'm not I I I don't have any problem with the OIC because again if you think about it what it's telling you the the lesson it's teaching you about weight loss is that it's not about controlling the calories because the Olympic doesn't burn any calories it's about controlling your hunger it's about that one level deeper why are you taking so many calories so if you simply reduce the hunger you're going to naturally eat fewer calories which is going to cause weight loss and that's what this OIC does it really reduces your appetite to very low levels how it it's it's it's this this hormone called glp1 uh which is a natural sort of hormone it's it's released mostly in the intestines in the distal intestine and the small intestine and in response to certain foods it it goes up right so when you eat the body has a homeostatic mechanism so again remember you know people think that we're just eating machines we eat until you know we explode sort of thing but that's not true when you eat you actually activate the gp1 along with other hormones there's multiple hormonal systems the gp1 is the one we're interested in you activate gp1 which then sets into motion the the the instructions for you to stop eating right so the act of eating sort of sets in motion that whole uh feedback loop to stop right so this is homeostasis which is trying to keep things at a proper level does that mean if you eat slower uh you'll be less you'll eat less there's probably not more time to come out yeah probably it's true um you know although it's probably mostly true that if you eat really really fast that you don't have enough time for the sort of homeostatic mechanisms to kick in so you don't have enough time to stop eating um but the gp1s then go to the brain so they do certain things they help with digestion so they increase insulin response and then they go to the brain it crosses um the the the bloodb brain barrier so the gp1s gets released by the active eating goes into the brain crosses and is active um in the sort of midbrain brain area that tells your body to stop eating what these gp1s do of course is that it's a uh it it gives you the hormone that tells you to stop eating even though you haven't eaten it's sort of that's that's the way the drug works so then what people tell you is that you know they're just not hungry and if they're not hungry then they don't eat and when they don't eat of course insulin Falls and you start to burn calories and lose weight but it wasn't about controlling the calories it was about controlling the hunger that was the important part of it it's the hormones right every successful drug to gain or lose weight right is a hormone it's a hormone based because that's instructions to the body food is energy and food is instructions you change the instructions and you you change the hormone people look at this through an evolutionary lens and say you know we just didn't have this much food so it's the abundance and um ease of access to food it's the fridges that we now have it's the the you know we never had fridges in our home so people point at it and go well that's why people are getting gaining weight and you know we're suffering with obesity at epidemic levels it's just because there's more Supply and the brain is taking advantage of it because once upon a time if we didn't eat that jam and toast then we would have you know maybe not have been able to find food for another two weeks or something yeah I don't think that's the whole story because if you think about it uh and people again um make that assumption that we don't have any control over our body fatness right so they say well it's available so you're going to take it right in fact that's not true because we actually have a number of different uh hormones that tell us to stop eating okay so if you eat you cannot simply keep eating and eating and eating right if you go to an all you can eat buffet at some point you have to stop because you're full right so there are systems very powerful systems within our body that tell us to stop eating so you eat food there are uh stomach stretch receptors for example so as your stomach stretches out it sends a signal to your brain and says stop eating if you eat a lot of protein uh it activates a hormone called peptide YY which tells you to stop eating if you eat a lot of dietary fat you activate a hormone called chosy ainin which again tells you to stop eating these are very powerful if you look in the wild there are no obese Antelope there are no obese Lions why because how much body fat your you carry is actually very important if you are obese as an antelope you're going to get eaten if you are an obese lion you're not going to catch any food so therefore it's going to correct itself so if I overeat now my body will basically overcompensate by burning off the extra calories to it it absolutely so if you eat a huge meal right you eat you know you go to a big wedding or something like that you eat a huge meal the next day you're probably not that hungry if you eat a giant steak so you're activating all these satiety hormones peptide y y chosy ainin you're eating all this food well you may not be hungry for the next day so that means that my body has some kind of Baseline weight yeah it will know whether you should eat more or less so there's a this concept called the sort of body set weight which is a sort of thermometer that is your body sets a weight that you should be at and if you go above that weight or if you eat too much it will activate hormonal systems to bring it back down if you don't eat enough it will also activate hormonal systems to bring it up so it's like a thermostat that you set you have in your room for example you set the the room temperature if it's too hot you're the the room activates the air conditioning if it's too cold it activates the heat your body actually acts the same way if you gain too much body fat your fat cells for example will produce leptin which is another hormone the leptin tells your body to stop eating that's really interesting so in the case of obese people their set point must just be really high yes and that's the Crux of the matter why is that set point being overridden just like if you have a room that's too hot and you look and you say the thermometer is set for room temperature why is it so hot in here then you can say okay well what's the problem and the problem is not you know heat in versus Heat out right that's that's a very simplistic way same thing if your body has too much body fat you got to then think about why are you overcoming the normal compensatory mechanisms that are happening that are stopping you from eating a lot of it relates to processing of foods of course so if you take out so remember I talked about stretch receptors in the stomach right so you eat natural natural foods there's a natural break it stretches the stomach you stop eating well what's one way pull out all the fiber process the foods turn it into say a very fine dust that means it's absorbed extremely quickly into the blood stream so that means that pure you've got Pure carbohydrate basically mainlining it into your I like like an IV your glucose spikes way up your insulin spikes way up completely unnatural right if you eat pure carbohydrate instead of eating it with you know proteins and fats it's going to go it's going to shoot way high that's unnatural and that's going to overcome the natural tendencies for you to stop eating so you know you you've basically overcome that that that that protective mechanism because you've ultr processed the the carbohydrates if you don't eat any protein if you don't eat any fat you're not activating peptide y y which is the satiety hormone you're not activated kyin all of a sudden you're eating you know 500 calories of white bread but you have zero satiety or if you drink a Coca-Cola or a soda for example I've always you know thought about this it's like how can you take a th000 calories for example in one of those giant sodas you get at the ball game or something and don't feel full at all whereas if you took a steak that's 1,000 calories you'd be like I'm pretty full I don't really feel like eating you drink the soda you're like I really feel like eating some chips or popcorn or something why because it has zero satiety interesting so if I'm if I've got a baseball stadium what I want to do is I want to make sure people get a soda because then they'll also buy the chips but if they just eat the chips you know maybe they won't buy anything else but the soda is going to um increase my Revenue because it'll basically he just passed right through them he'll pass right through them they're going to store all that energy as calories but they're going to want more because you haven't made them full right so the the whole point is that you have to think more than about the calories there's more there than just the calorie story there's this whole hormonal balance you're saying that overeating isn't just a choice it's a hormon driven Behavior it's a hormon driven Behavior I mean the whole thing about obesity is is quite interesting to me because if you think about obesity if you think about uh in the United states which is where I get a lot of my data from um you know you have maybe 70% of people overweight or obese and it's going up every year it's been going up every year since 1977 and if you think about that it tells you that the problem is not willpower the problem is not the people the problem is the environment that they find themselves in the food environment that they find themselves in because you can take an analogy say you have hundred children one of them fails well that might be the child they didn't study what if 70 of them fail would you say it's it's each and every one of them's fault or would you say it's more likely that it's the teacher's fault I think it's more likely that it's the teacher's fault so if we have a 100 Americans and 70 of them are obese the problem is likely not an individual willpower problem the problem is likely that there's something wrong with the message we're giving people the information we're giving people and the food environment that we're finding ourselves in which is dominated by this sort of calories in calories out thinking and what's really unfair of course is that we put the blame on the Obesity or overweight on the individual and we say well they let themselves go and they didn't watch themselves they weren't careful it's their fault and that's the stigma that comes with this whole calories in calories out thinking because we say it's their fault because they could choose what they eat it's like yes they could choose what they eat but they didn't choose the food environment that is telling them to eat all this ultr processed food that is making all this ultr processed food available to them that is telling them that all this Ultra processed food is good for you if you love the divver CEO brand and you watch this Channel please do me a huge favor become part of the 15% of the viewers on this channel that have hit the Subscribe button it helps us tremendously and the bigger the channel gets the bigger the guests

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEOClips [158 likes]: Watch the full episode here❤https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RuWp3s6Uxk
Don't forget to Like, Comment & Sub! 🙌🏽
  2. @paulfarrell4039 [1 likes]: Would it be cynical to think that the food industry took away satiating ingredients to sell more? Fat at 9 cal/g would be the first to demonise.
  3. @geezyfbaby1: I gave up all social media except for this damn YouTube. Its all I have to know what's going on around the world
  4. @erikahentschke5208: Forget ozempic...I used mounjaro... I was not overweight but, having a neuro degenerative disorder I thought dropping some weight would help my mobility... it did the opposite... I actually lost muscle, ruined my hair,and my gums and teeth....IF YOU CHOOSE TO USE THESE MEDICATIONS PLEASE BE CAREFUL...  worst decision ever  for me..
  5. @alanalycan3986: Remember people - weight struggles are VERY different for those who have suffered trauma, or suffering from depression etc. Our appetite is linked to our emotions. Some people are suffering/struggling more than others.
  6. @Nevadarose111: Click bait
  7. @JoseD-f2d: The problem is not eating the problem is we eat the wrong food and no exercise
  8. @nicky_football74: Could you use ozempic to get to your desired weight and then come off it ?
  9. @bldsprt518: remember, nothing is free.. noone knows what the cost of this stuff is yet.
  10. @washingtonconsultants1041: Im on GLP-1 i lost 50lbs in  3 months
  11. @stephaniescofield9433: I’ve heard that Ozempic helps improve inflammation.  Is this true?  Isn’t inflammation part of the problem when you’re diabetic and have chronic pain?
  12. @TWNBIZZNEZZ: it works but when they see there appearance after all that weight loss depression kicks in
  13. @rollobaker2031: What this doctor is not saying clearly is that this drug changes the complex activity of the pancreas stomach and even the brain-hormonal effects  and even enzymes are impacted and he is giving a very simplistic account
  14. @anitaspriggs1790: I don't understand one thing they are staying....just say it plain and clean!
  15. @earthling4214: What is the difference between tirzipatide and ozempic
  16. @sharondee2556: This was a waste of time.  I am on Ozempic, have type II diabetes.  Ozempic is a diabetes drug, not made for weight loss.  Many complex systems cause diabetes.  In my case, I believe it is familial, and simply put, involved high insulin.   I was not overweight most of my life. In fact, I was thin.   Check out Dr. Ben Bikman.  Expert on this matter.  This guy thinks this is all about "eating too much"...like I said, waste of time.
  17. @rukiddingme7: The fault goes to mainly the food industry and FDA. Crops sprayed with roundup. Beef is good for you. Bread without the germ and bran  are bad for you. Avalanche amounts of junk food. GRAS system is broken. Seed oils.
  18. @rukiddingme7: Companies try to make food that encourages you to overeat. Artificial flavors, etc. designed to make you be an addict to their food. To do so, these unknown chemicals are breaking the glp1 and making their food desirable.
  19. @rukiddingme7: Of course, the assumption is that you are eating "clean" food. Ultra processed food alters our biochemistry in our body. It bypasses the our Glp1 or blocks it. Seed oils and other chemicals break our systems in our body.
  20. @cherylbroadenax1006: Question the chemicals they put in process food that makes u want to eat and eat. It seems to affect your hormone to turn off I am full hormone.

- What Happens When You STOP Taking Ozempic or Wegovy? 😳 A Doctor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en what happens when you stop ozempic or wigovi for that matter both of these medications are also uh known as semaglatide um I'm going to give you five things that happen when you stop these medications there are probably others but we'll start with five uh guys I'm Dr Jen it is good to see you now okay um ozympic is FDA approved for uh diabetes agobi is FDA approved to help with weight loss many people do take ozympic to help with weight loss because the two drugs are both somaglitied they will help you lose weight okay so many people are on them for good reason first thing that can happen when you stop these medications number one is your blood sugar will likely go up why do I say that well because these medications help lower your blood sugar so if you stop taking them your blood sugar is likely going to rise a bit now um depending on who you are will determine the significance of that right if you're a diabetic that could be largely and hugely significant your doctor may need to replace um the medication with something else if you go off it Etc but yes that is something that uh very likely will happen what else number two your appetite may increase uh when you stop these medications why do I say that uh one of the things that these medications do is that they help sort of um uh they do a number of things by the way but one of the things people often feel is they feel they just don't feel the same cravings and the same hunger um and the same level of appetite that they used to feel before being on the medication okay it's actually one of the things that the medication does and actually many of my patients have found they enjoy not having the intense sort of maybe appetite or Cravings that they used to have well if you go off the medication uh your appetite very likely will return so you've got to be prepared for that okay uh the next thing uh items I would say sort of three and four have to do with um the side effects and this can be a double-edged sword because um first of all side effects that many people say they have with these medications can be things like nausea or vomiting diarrhea or constipation abdominal pain abdominal cramping GI or gastrointestinal stomach side effects tend to be probably the more common ones but uh some people get other side effects as well headache or whatever it might be um perhaps the good thing about stopping these medications is should you stop them you're if you had these side effects they're they're likely gonna go away because you're no longer on the medication that was the offending agent so that's perhaps a good thing um but also on the flip side one of the big side effects of these medications is weight loss it's one of the reasons why so many people take these medications right uh and to that end when you stop these medications um the additional uh help that you're getting from the medications to help you with weight loss will go away too now if you're wondering if you're going to gain all the weight back so to speak well that's a that's a bit more complicated to answer because um that's going to depend on you your body what what things you're doing to try to maintain your weight loss you know how you're managing your diet your exercise and all the other things in your life okay um so so and perhaps your genetics and other stuff right so it's not a hard and fast yes you're going to gain all the weight back I can't say that um but do people uh have people gain weight back after they stop these medications absolutely okay so something you have to just understand may be um sort of part of of this process and you need to be sort of on guard for being be thoughtful and mindful about again not that you can't sort of mitigate that um you know with your efforts okay and the last thing um the uh the last thing is the cardiovascular benefits there have been studies that have shown that both ozympic and wogobi for example have cardiovascular benefits that's right um you know in terms of reducing risk for stroke heart attack cardiovascular issues which is a really pretty awesome thing you know when you stop the medication those benefits that these medications afford you will go away and why because it's because you're stopping them okay um now it's sad to say this video is not um saying they should be stopped they shouldn't be stopped this is not a judgment about that you know many people uh start and or stop these medications for different reasons just like anything else but keep in mind that when you should you if you stop these medications those are some things you might experience along with potentially other things as well uh let me know what your experience has been are you on either of these medications or others by the way other glp-1 medications let me know let me know what you think about this video please share it with anyone you think uh it might benefit uh let me know your personal experience in the comments I'm Dr Jen Carl I have plenty of other videos by the way on oozymic GOP ones Etc so make sure you check the description of this video for those if you don't see them you can DM me I will send you videos as well so you can take a look um on Facebook please like and follow my page I do daily videos on YouTube please subscribe to my channel click the little bell for updates um check out my uh my subscription groups where you get access to exclusive content on um Instagram Facebook and YouTube and go to my website to check out my uh my free health newsletter tripping all over myself y'all uh Dr jengodle.com is my website guys I hope this is helpful let me know um I'm Dr Jim love you talk to you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @diggspatricia84 [12 likes]: I went off ozempic 2 month ago started having problems after i was told to take it to 2mg i experienced severe weakness, fatigue, nausea, now I'm dealing with bloating, gas, inflammation, lower burning back pain wish it would all go away my doctor was upset my endocrinologist even kept me on there for 2 yrs and then pushed me up to 2mg now with all these after side effects I've done new blood work, cardiologist, now i need to see a gi because every time i eat i get sick nauseous with bloating gas and  burning sensation never again will i take ozempic.
  2. @TheTripstraps [3 likes]: As a food addict myself i think Ozempic should not be the ling term solution. It is very expensive. Plus it does not solve the root causes of why a person overeats. Solving the root causes will give a long term effect. I struggle with constant appetite. I have been able to manage my ivereating to a extent i havent gained more and have started slowly losing overweight. I eat for all the wrong reasons. I think mkstly people do. I wasnt educated what are normal portions, energetic value. Also i have problem with ocd, i am learning to deal with it and same time have been able to minimize eating binges. One issue what is hard to tackle is abnirmally big portions when eating out, no infirmation how much energy each dish contains. It is very important for people to understand how much energy they take in. If one meal out is 1500 kcal, it will cancel easily my whole weeks weightloss. I love food, it gives me satisfaction, i am never mentally too full. I can easily consume 4000+ calories cos im addicted to the sensation and satisfaction. Instead of medication people need to be educated. Plus eateries should provide aprox calorific value of their meals so people can make more educated decisions. People need other tools than Ozempic to solve their issues permanently. It can be an helpful tool, but its not a longterm solution. People need food education, psychological support etc... instead of medication my doctor sent me to specialist who educate and follow up my mental and food knowledge and also some movement. I can see tiny chanves, i have made changes.
  3. @behealthy9398 [2 likes]: Been on wagovy 4 mos haven’t lost anything. Hasn’t helped my appetite or desire for junk food. So discouraged
  4. @McHaulJunkRemoval [1 likes]: I lost 50 lbs and I had to stop becuase i was eating barely anything. If I lost anymore weight I would of looked like a skeleton. But my stomach is messed up now. I just wanted to know if this would pass
  5. @wendywesley9220 [1 likes]: It did nothing but make me vomiting and diarrhea constantly.  I'm sick of feeling sick
  6. @terryciavola5962 [1 likes]: Thank you!
  7. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 😮
  8. @kennymyers5460 [1 likes]: GOD BLESS 🙌 🙏 dr Jen thanks for the information 🙏
  9. @rianamohamed300: I took ozempic for 2.5 months, lost 11.5kg. Then went off for 2.5 months and  gained 2kgs. Back on now. The stuff is disgusting. Nausea, vomiting, complete loss of appetite....etc. but it does help with blood sugar. Im on the lowest dose and am not increasing.
  10. @dianemoss8013: How to slowly get off the glp1?
  11. @scooterjohnson2737: How long does it take before we go to get out of your system?
  12. @TristanNGL: You said “um” or “uhh” about 6000 times in this video
  13. @scooterjohnson2737: I have chrones disease , and I’ve been in and I’ve had four bowery sections, but I am obese. I am losing but now my stomach is tore up and everything else goes with it me and the part of your best friends so I’m sure I need to go off of it. Will it hurt me if I just go cold turkey and quit getting the shots it’s we go be that I’m on in case I didn’t tell you thank you for your  help I am 79 years old😊
  14. @applesidertea: I am naturally slender, thank God. Watching people jump on and off of the Ozempic train is humbling. Seems miserable.
  15. @vickymonroe5654: Thanks for your information.  Ozempic has/does cause muscle loss, bone density problem, and yes constipation.  I took it for diabeties, not weight loss.  I let the company know of these problems, and no will I ever take Ozempic or any other medication that ends in "tide" again.  It is not for me.  I had all of these side effects, and now my diabeties doctor just has me on insulin...I prefer it that way, now.  It goes to reason, if you do not eat that will cause constipation, and you loose muscle mass, and not getting the vitamins/minerals that your body needs.  Conclusion...these drugs are not for everybody!!  Love your website here on You Tube.  Thanks!!
  16. @SandyMonterroza7175: I don’t believe you because your smiling while you’re selling Ozempic
  17. @bluesbondsman: This medication has made me sick!
Food tastes like trash!
Can't go poop!
Fatigue and more.
Is it worth feeling awful and hating food.
NO!
  18. @natyhunt9914: Im.on ozempic lost 15 pounds  i got lots of nausea and verry low blood sugar so im.tired
  19. @mahbubchowdhury7079: After stopping will my sugar level go up again? Or it depends?
  20. @WildLifePhotography83: Is there a maintenance low dose that can be taken after completing treatment with Ozempic?"

- You're Being Lied To About Ozempic | Truth Complex | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en-US In just a few years, Ozempic has become a household name and a cultural phenomenon. GLP-1 drugs are everywhere, and already one in eight US adults have tried them. The Danish company that makes Ozempic is worth more than The Coca-Cola Company and McDonald's combined. Look online, and you'll see comments about "Ozempic face," hair loss, severe stomach problems, and dangerous side effects. And then a moment later you'll see a report that it could help with fertility or treating Alzheimer's or even shopping addiction. And it's not just weight-loss drugs. We've been lied to about weight loss itself for years now. How much do we know about GLP-1 drugs? And are we being told the full truth about them? I've spent the last few months diving into the research and even tried to get some GLP-1 medication myself to see what's really going on here. At this point, I spent a lot of time on social media digesting what the discourse is out there about this medication. One of the pieces of misinformation I'm seeing over and over again is this idea that these drugs are brand new, that they're not well studied, and that they're not well understood. It's not studied for this. You know, there's no studies on what it does to a body without diabetes. There is no research, no research, on a person that is not diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. So, we know that this line that they're untested or not understood is just not true. They've been studied a lot for both safety and efficacy for both diabetes and weight loss. Thousands of people have been studied in clinical trials specifically for obesity but not for diabetes. The new phenomenon is that Ozempic is a household name, and it became a household name because of its weight-loss effects. However, it's part of a class of drugs that have been used for decades to help people with type 2 diabetes regulate their blood sugar. And just in that regard, it's been a huge medical breakthrough. I think we could probably critique that on its own in that our society is so weight-obsessed that none of these diabetes treatments were a household name even though a million and a half people die of it each year, but as soon as it started making celebrities skinny, all of us were talking about it. That's probably worth unpacking, but that's more than we will have time to do here. So, when Novo Nordisk started testing these drugs as an obesity treatment, the outcome of those trials suggested that these are the most effective weight-loss drugs ever. So, the main ingredient in Ozempic is semaglutide. It's part of a class of drugs called GLP-1 receptor agonists, which basically just means they mimic a hormone that naturally occurs in your body called GLP-1. Semaglutide is in both Ozempic and Wegovy, but Wegovy is the one that's FDA-approved for weight loss. If these medications are paired with a healthy diet and exercise, people who are on semaglutide lost, on average, 15% of their body weight. The people who were just dieting and exercising lost, on average, 2.4% A newer drug made by Eli Lilly called tirzepatide did even better in its clinical trials, with people losing an average of 20% of their body weight. And so based on that data, we started to have all this very hyped news coverage about how these drugs were a game changer and a blockbuster and how maybe obesity would be cured forever, which honestly is kind of a bizarre framing. Even from the very first studies, there were people who were not responding to these drugs. Yes, it's a really big deal that 86% of people in a trial lost a significant amount of weight. However, that means 14% of people didn't. Despite all this talk about miracle drugs, the figures are basically the same for both semaglutide and tirzepatide. Roughly one in 10 people don't lose significant weight while on this medication and are what's called nonresponders. I really wanted to speak to someone who went through this, so I put a survey up on BI's social-media channels, and that's how I found Erika. It's working for other people. Why isn't it working for me and my body chemistry? I'm mad it didn't work, but then it just, I accept it, and I just got to find another way to lose the weight. Erika says her doctor didn't warn her that these drugs don't work for everybody. Like many of us, most of her information came mainly from media coverage. When you set these drugs up as a miracle or a magic pill, you're also setting people up for massive disappointment if they had high hopes of weight loss and then these drugs don't work for them. There is one more thing that a lot of coverage has missed. Real life is not the same as a clinical trial. Since those first trials and all that news coverage, there's been more data about what real-world usage looks like. A 2023 study followed people on semaglutide for 52 weeks, and those people lost an average of 4.4% of their body weight. So we went from 15% down to 4%, which is a dramatic difference. Most of the early coverage of these drugs used the numbers from the clinical trials, which makes sense because it was the first time these drugs were studied. The subsequent real-world-usage impacts have not gotten as much press coverage, and that definitely feeds into an inflated sense of how revolutionary these drugs could be. Certainly, they are a really big deal. They're more effective than prior drugs, but there are limitations. The other thing that I think might be getting lost here is that weight loss from these drugs will have a plateau, which is similar to diet, to exercise, and even to bariatric surgery. At some point, every weight-loss intervention plateaus. There's this popular conception that losing weight is the hard part and maintaining weight loss should be easy. What we know is that it's actually the opposite, right? The maintenance of weight loss is actually the hardest part. You wouldn't want a drug that allows you to lose unlimited amounts of weight. That would be dangerous, for one, and then you'd have to go off of it when you reached your goal weight, and then you would just start to climb back up again, and it would be this constant yo-yo. However, that doesn't stop people from talking about this plateau like it's some sort of betrayal of the drug or some sort of failure of this medication. All evidence points to needing to keep taking these drugs to keep benefiting from them, which is interesting because we have study data showing that most people don't keep taking them. One study looked at thousands of people with GLP-1 prescriptions and found that about half of them stopped taking it after a year, and 70% of them stopped taking it at the two-year mark. And another study found that after stopping the medication, people regained, on average, two-thirds of the weight that they'd lost. This is perhaps another big reason to dial down the hype machine on these medications. Yes, they are a big breakthrough medically, but if people don't want to be on them, then the impact of the drugs will be much lower than were predicted in the flurry of news coverage we had to begin with. A lot of people hear that this is a long-term, potentially lifelong, medication, and they see big pharma dollar signs. The cynic in all of us sort of wakes up and says, "What a win for big pharma." It's true that it is a win for big pharma. They're probably going to make a ton of money on this, and there is absolutely no denying that. I understand why people are mistrusting of pharmaceutical companies and the media coverage around them. At this point, we've seen some very irresponsible reporting. I think it's really important to be clear-eyed about the role of big pharmaceutical companies in our society. With just a quick Google, you can see that Novo Nordisk has paid fines after being accused of shady sales tactics, they've faced criticism for spending loads of money wining and dining doctors, and that they've gotten in trouble with regulators in multiple countries. More famously, Novo Nordisk, along with other drugmakers, faced massive criticism for high insulin prices. Nowadays, insulin is less profitable than it once was, but the potential profits of weight-loss drugs remain astronomical. And make no mistake, Novo Nordisk will be cashing in on these drugs and already is. At one point, the company's valuation was bigger than the entire GDP of Denmark. Understandably, some people who don't trust big pharma or simply don't have access to these drugs are turning to natural alternatives. Let's talk a little bit more about nature's Ozempic. Nature's Ozempic. You'll find people presenting berberine, peppermint tea, green tea, vitamin B12, high-fiber diets, high-protein diets, all of these things as being natural alternatives to taking Ozempic. There are certain foods that can increase the amount of GLP-1 hormone that your body makes. The part where they get it wrong is that that doesn't necessarily equate to weight loss, which appears to be the goal of many people consuming this content. The level of GLP-1 production that diets can provide is nowhere near what you can achieve with prescription medications. These interventions are leading to supraphysiological levels of GLP-1, as opposed to modest changes in your diet or some supplement that you could take. These are just orders of magnitude different, and you're not going to see anywhere near the same effects. But between influencer nutritionists and supplement grifters, we're seeing tremendous amounts of misinformation online about how effective a GLP-1-boosting diet can be. These foods and vitamins are generally less risky than a serious prescription drug, but they're almost definitely less effective as well. This is another subject of intensive news coverage where I think we just need to turn the hype dial down a little bit and look at what the research actually tells us. I also think people pay a lot of attention to side effects of these drugs because we've had plenty of examples of prescription drugs coming onto the market and a side effect no one knew about ends up being very serious, particularly for weight-loss drugs. The most common side effects of these medications are gastrointestinal, things like nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. These can seem a little bit trivial, just like tummy trouble or whatever, but they can be quite serious. Extended periods of vomiting or diarrhea can leave you dangerously dehydrated. It's even been reported that one woman died while taking these drugs after months of gastrointestinal issues, including severe vomiting and abdominal pain. Besides the GI issues, the FDA label for these drugs includes a number of other warnings, some of which are for very serious conditions. So if we just pull up the label now, there is what's called a black-box warning about the risk of thyroid C-cell tumors. The warning label mentions findings in rodents, but a GLP-1 researcher I spoke to said that the thyroid in rodents and humans is quite different. So those findings probably aren't relevant. Sometimes by putting a warning label on because of initial good intentions, you can cause more harm by scaring away people who otherwise might be willing to take this medicine and benefit from the medicine. While the link between GLP-1 medication and thyroid cancer has been hard to establish, the link between obesity and thyroid cancer is much clearer. One study found that for every five-point increase in BMI, the risk of thyroid cancer increases by 30%. There's also another category on this label called warnings and precautions, and it includes acute pancreatitis, acute gallbladder disease, hypoglycemia, acute kidney injury, hypersensitivity reactions, diabetic retinopathy, heart-rate increase, and suicidal behavior and ideation. The label here just says: "Monitor for depression or suicidal thoughts. Discontinue Wegovy if symptoms develop." That's not very reassuring to me. This is an ongoing and evolving thing, but the weight of evidence so far suggests that these drugs alone are not going to cause you to have suicidal thoughts. It is not uncommon for drugs to have very intimidating, if not downright scary-looking, FDA warning labels. It's important to remember that things listed on these labels are potential risks rather than guaranteed results, which actually does seem to get lost in the shuffle a bit on social media. Most of the more serious side effects of GLP-1 drugs are on the rare side. Most people who take these medications will not get pancreatitis. Sometimes people wonder why a drug could be approved if it has so many alarming side effects, but it's really not uncommon. If you look at metformin, a very popular diabetes medication, it has a warning for potentially fatal lactic acidosis. If you look at the label for ibuprofen, it has a warning about potential increased risk of stroke. These things are calculated in the context of being sick. If you take these drugs and don't have a medical need for them, your risk calculation is different and you are putting yourself at greater risk of harm. Your neighbor who is interested in taking this medicine to lose 10 pounds so they can get into a size-eight dress for Uncle Harry's wedding, they weren't studied in a clinical trial. But besides what's on the label, which is scary enough on its own, there's all these rumors on social media about a whole other category of effects that are mostly cosmetic, things like "Ozempic face" or hair loss. And it's not just hair loss. There's been a ton of concern about how much muscle people lose while taking GLP-1 drugs. However, whenever you lose weight, even if it's just through diet and exercise, you do tend to lose some lean muscle. One thing that's often forgotten in this whole conversation is that weight loss itself can have some very serious side effects, particularly rapid or extreme weight loss. Even losing weight fast through diet has been linked to hair loss, muscle loss, depression, gallstones -- all side effects that overlap with the side effects of Ozempic. So it's really hard to tell where one ends and the other begins. Personally, I think this is just another example of how the conversation around Ozempic has just gotten really weird. People seem to want there to be a punishment for taking a vanity drug and almost gleefully report this idea that your face or your hair or whatever would fail you when you've taken a step to make your body look nicer. At least, that's the perception. And to be sure, some people have taken Ozempic as a vanity drug. These drugs became a household name because celebrities were touting them for weight loss, and in many cases, already-thin celebrities were touting their weight-loss benefits. So, we've talked about the bad, but there are also some really interesting positive effects that these drugs potentially have. Not only do they make you crave less food, they make you desire different, usually healthier food. There's a physiological response that causes some people to be more preoccupied with food than others. People I talk to who have been suffering from food noise say the drug feels like a switch is being flipped in their brains. People have now reported other cravings going away too, like the urge to online shop. These drugs could help with all kinds of conditions -- Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, alcohol addiction, and other types of addiction, depression. There's even anecdotal reports of Ozempic babies, which are people whose fertility improved while they were on these drugs. All these things aren't so much side effects as they are potentially brand-new indications for the drugs, brand-new conditions that they could treat. GLP-1 drugs have a really unusually high number of potential new indications. About one in eight Americans have already tried GLP-1 medications, and this explosion of interest has led to something we've never quite seen before. One of the strangest elements of this rush for everyone to try semaglutide is that it put the drug in shortage. And when drugs are on the official FDA shortage list, compounding pharmacies can make their own versions. Compounded versions of these drugs are not FDA-approved or -reviewed, and because these pharmacies are regulated at the state level, there's no data available for how many people are taking compounded GLP-1s. In an environment this confusing, it becomes easier to take advantage of people. I spoke to a researcher who purposefully ordered compounded semaglutide from shady online sellers just to see what he would get. We looked at the online pharmacies that were no prescription and were highest ranked in search results. So these were some of the websites that consumers will see first. Of the six drugs that he ordered, three never came at all. They were total scams. So they took the three prescriptions that they actually received and put the drugs to the test, and what they found was evidence of contamination and improper amounts of the active ingredient, semaglutide. The FDA has also issued a warning about some compounders using semaglutide salt, which is generally used only for research and is not approved for use in humans. So, for consumers, the most important thing is to understand that when you source it from a no-prescription online pharmacy, there's a lot of risks. Either fraud, incorrect product, or, again, you're not getting a product that is medically necessary for you or appropriate for you. Offering no-prescription versions of prescription drugs is illegal, but there's also what feels like a tidal wave of buzzy online health startups who can temporarily sell totally legally. I actually went through the process of being prescribed compounded semaglutide. I went through an online pharmacy where all I had to do was fill out a survey and then do a video telehealth visit with a doctor to be prescribed these drugs. I went through this process for reporting purposes to see how easy it would be to get these drugs, and it turns out it was pretty easy, which, depending how much you value drug regulation, could be kind of concerning. There was sort of no question that I was going to get these drugs. From the second the call started, it was a given. I don't know why, but I thought he might challenge me and say, like, "Ah, these are some pretty heavy-duty side effects. Are you sure you want to take these drugs to lose a small amount of weight?" But he didn't. And the doctor that I spoke to in that process did not give any indication that I would need to stay on these drugs to maintain the weight loss. I'm not saying all this to fearmonger about compounding pharmacies, but it is kind of wild how little we know about how many people are taking drugs from compounding pharmacies when we do know that they come with a higher degree of risk. However, there is one considerable upside, and that's that for some people, compounding pharmacies offer a cheaper version of these drugs. In my case, a month's supply of semaglutide cost $250. The list price for Ozempic in the United States is almost $1,000 for a month's supply. For Wegovy, it's $1,349. Those are shocking price tags. You can find economists estimating that GLP-1 medications will add $1 trillion in healthcare spending to the US. Then we have other economists estimating that it's actually somewhere between 20% and 50% of that. And it's not really possible to know who's right or wrong because the actual prices paid to drugmakers are secret. And that's one of the many oddities of the American healthcare system, is that no one knows exactly what drugmakers actually make from selling their drugs. It's considered proprietary information. At the end of the day, a lot of people seem to want it to be true that these drugs could actually save healthcare systems money, that we spend so much on treating obesity and related conditions that these drugs could actually be a net money saver. And while that might eventually happen, especially if the cost of these drugs goes down, that is a very rare feat for a drug to pull off. The most important thing to remember is that if you see estimates of how much a certain drug is going to cost US healthcare systems or how much obesity costs America in general, remember that these are really rough estimates. And that's important because the stigma that people with obesity face is often couched in this idea that they're a tremendous financial burden to the healthcare system. I have seen countless comments saying, "Why do you need Ozempic if you can just eat healthier?" "Why do you need to take these drugs?" "What you're looking for is willpower." It simply doesn't make sense to talk about Ozempic as being the easy way out. The easy way out implies there's another way out, and for a lot of people, there just isn't. What these medicines have taught us is that a huge number of people living with obesity, they were restricting their calories, they were following diets, they were exercising, and it just didn't work for them even though they really wanted it to work. And now we have something that helps them, and guess what? They're losing weight. We've been lied to about weight loss for a long time, and we're only just starting to figure it out. The reality is that we, both as a culture and the medical community, have been significantly underplaying how difficult it is to lose weight and especially how difficult it is to maintain weight loss. We have a ton of data on this at this point, and we know that drastic weight loss is exceedingly rare and is usually temporary. Over time, we've also learned that exercise is not nearly as big of a factor in weight loss as people tend to suggest. It has many benefits and is still important for overall health, but burning more calories is not a guaranteed path to weight loss. Many studies have shown at this point that even in the best of circumstances, where we're combining diet, exercise, and behavioral counseling, people tend to only lose 5% to 10% of their body weight. Then, after that, your body fights back. When you lose weight, your body starts to release hormones that increase appetite and reduce feelings of fullness. So there's actually a biological mechanism encouraging people to eat more as weight is lost. Studies on people who've lost quite a lot of weight have found that they burn fewer calories than scientists expected, even when you account for the fact that their bodies are smaller and they're carrying less weight around. If you lose roughly 20 pounds or so and you're maintaining that 20-pound weight loss, you're probably burning about 250 calories per day less than you were before you lost the weight. And we've known that for a very long time. The advice that doctors gave for years was that all it takes is small tweaks to your lifestyle. Swap your bag of chips for an apple or take the stairs. You can still find all kinds of advice like that online. And it's actually, frankly, bizarre that after decades of research supporting the idea that this is a very complex issue, so many people insist on acting like it's easy. It is understandable to have anxiety about medicating millions of people for what's seen as a wider societal issue. And some people say this is a Band-Aid on a bigger problem, those bigger problems being things like our food system or our sedentary lifestyles. And, yes, there would likely be tremendous social benefit to addressing those very complex systemic problems, but for now, we have a relatively safe and effective drug that can give people another tool to manage their health in the meantime. So maybe it's a Band-Aid, but sometimes you just need a Band-Aid. If you want to see the sources I used for this video, check out the link in the video description. And for more "Truth Complex," subscribe to Business Insider.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [9 likes]: Why copycat Ozempic is everywhere: https://www.businessinsider.com/compounded-ozempic-semaglutide-hims-hers-eli-lilly-novo-nordisk-fda-2025-9?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=business-pinned-comment
  2. @dreamcatcher75418: If you need to loose weight you should take it. If you don’t like it, stop taking it. Simple.
  3. @dreamcatcher75418: “Food noise” is just hunger. You should listen to it.
  4. @madisonallen6021: This reads like an ozempic ad
  5. @cms_ph: The hype
  6. @firedingo5: I have a history of mental health, I was well, took 1 dose of ozempic and nearly landed in the hospital due to suicide ideation.
I could no longer regulate my own temperature and was a falls risk due to dizziness.
My Dr put me on ozempic because of T2D secondary to PCOS
  7. @LadyAnn8: It is so natural and easy to stay normal weight and people choose to spend their time treating their bodies like a  garbage bin.. So easy to fool humans, sooooooo easy😂
  8. @KannabisKitten7: Biggest tip: not everyone should eat 2000 calories daily. I am female, 5 foot 3 inches. I naturally lose only 1480 calories a day doing NOTHING. You will never lose the weight that you wanted. In the time frame, in which you had set forth to accomplish. If you are eating over the actual calories you naturally burn. The 2000 calories a day: is not a set rule for every human.
  9. @KannabisKitten7: I literally have had learned nothing; that 1 hour of research would have given.
  10. @paulb8030: Oh boy, business insider? Giving health advice? Well, I just trust that inherently 🙄
  11. @sephjvr5979: “Exercise isn’t as affective” is such a nonsense statement to make. Americans should stop eating crappy food and then there will be no need for mass weight loss programs. 

Is this whole video an endorsement for Ozempic?
  12. @Johnnybananass-_: These drugs can change your life and save your life . It helped me change my eating habits and eat better and get healthier . People think it’s some kind of quick fix and it does everything , but to do it healthily you need to eat better . Eat better sizes and be active . You sacrifice the junk food you loved and things like ice cream and sugar.   But it’s worth it to get a second chance at health , I am on mournjaro and I have lost 16 pounds already in two months and my shelves aren’t full of bad processed food and I’ve learnt how to cook healthy and look at food differently . And in the past sugars was harder to give uk than alcohol , smoking and cocaine .  My glp-2 cut the sugar cravings totally .
  13. @anthonycamuccio2531: Here's a thought 
And I know its a wild one 😮
EAT LESS CRAP
EXCERCISE MORE 
YOULL LOOSE WEIGHT AND KEEP IT OFF WITHOUT THE SIDE EFFECTS
  14. @gucky4717: Let me tell you losing weight is actually easy on paper. Eat less calories then what your body burns. Do that every day and you'll see results. Losing weight is not a sprint, its a marathon... But eating less food can be hard on your mind.
I went from 153kg to 101kg today in 5 years and I am still losing weight (goal is ~75kg). What I did was just lowering my calorie intake to 1500-1800kcal per day (~2000kcal in the beginning, since I was heavier).  
I DO have some days when I eat a bit more then that, but thats fine as long as it is only 1-2 of such days per week and its not more then 2500kcal. Such a cheat day means, you'll be losing 2 days of weightloss progress, but that is fine, since it is a marathon, a long term goal.
What helps is a consistent lifestyle with something like intermediate fasting. The harderst part is the first month to get into such lifestyle. 
Green tee helps the fat burn a bit, artificial sweeteners also help lowering your intake. And try to take at least 50g protein per day for your muscles, even if you don't exercise. It helps maintaining your "energy". 
To lose that 52kg I didn't do ANY sports or exercise, but I started simply walking a bit more, just 1-2 miles/3km per day although I also didn't even do that in the beginning. So its ALL in the calories.
  15. @gucky4717: Also 2 important things not every mentions:
1. They say using Ozempic you lose upto 15% of your weight. But there are many people that have to lose more then that.
2. You have to take Ozempic ALL your life. Once you don't take it any more you get the yoyo-effect and gain your weight back.
  16. @NoBSMusicReviews: We go the absolutely made me suicidal. I also have a spinal cord injury and it made my constant spinal cord pain much worse. I was really disappointed. It took me a while to realize that it was the culprit, but when I got off it both of those things resolved. The suicidal ideation disappeared, and the spinal cord pain returned to its baseline..
  17. @RyanGenX2: Doing a few months of research just to put a bunch of superficial vague statements is not something I would call Business Insider
  18. @louisehicks3285: I was on glp1 for over 2 years. And I had troubles and after multiple ER visits, the last one I almost died. So no more glp1's!
  19. @mac-e4f: my best advise ,,, Salad
  20. @tls-36015: I don't think it's that people WANT there to be problems ~ THERE ARE PROBLEMS ~ either report on ALL of it, or don't report on it at all!!! 😡
JMO

- Wegovy & Ozempic: Do They Cause Depression or Improve Mood? | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en does wovi OIC maero and all the rest lead to depression and suicide Al ideation or not and yes I have covered this in two previous videos but mental health is something that is near and dear to my heart and so we're going to talk about it again plus a couple of new stories recently came out that are really great example of why everything with medicine and health is so damn confusing so let's get into it so here we have two news articles the first came out on August 20th stating that there is a new study that says will GOI increases the risk of suicide the second news article was published literally two weeks later stating that there actually is no risk so what the hell is the answer unfortunately this is something that plays out with the media all the time and I mean at face value the reporters are seeing a study being published they're writing about it and putting that out to the news network and such for you to consume however the part that often is missed is the context of other research and where this particular paper sits with regards to the totality of all the evidence that's currently available as well reporters tend not to be trained in how to properly evaluate what is quality data and what is not quality data they just take it all face value and put it out there for you and so that is where I come in and if you haven't subscribed to my channel yet then you definitely need to do so hit the sub subscribe button down below turn on the notifications so that you don't miss out when I put out another awesome video as well you need to check out the OG members membership side of my YouTube channel where you not only get to support one of your favorite creators but you also get access to exclusive content that doesn't show up on my regular feed so to really get to the Crux of the matter and what these two different news articles mean we need to go to the actual studies that they're reporting on and we need to parse them apart so in the first study here this is the one that showed there was an increased risk of suicide with seatide and this study showed that individuals taking seatide were at a 45% increased risk of reporting suicidal ideation and that number increased to 345 when people were taking both seatide and an anti-depressant at the same time now that sounds like some pretty darn scary numbers now let's take that in comparison to the second news article and the second study that they were reporting on right here and in this study they actually showed that individuals that were taking seatide may actually get a reduction in depression symptoms so if you weren't already confused um hopefully you're now more confused and so the difference really comes down to nuance and what the specific paper was doing what kind of data they collected what kind of analysis they did and so on and so forth and that is where we see the distinction as to which paper is more we put more weight behind it if you will so the first study that showed a potential risk took data from a very large database from the World Health Organization called vigy base and what vigy base collects is reports of adverse reactions from countries all over the world in English that means the authors basically looked at the database they looked for the individuals that were taking stide and they looked for the people that reported they were taking seatide and they had this reaction due to the seatide the thing with this database is that it's a collection of data from various countries where people will spontaneously send in reports to their country specific database collection for adverse drug reactions those will get sent in they'll get recorded and reported there there'll be some questions asked potentially and then the World Health Organization then takes all that data and compiles it into viggy base these reports can be sent in either by healthc Care Professionals or by patients themselves unfortunately since these reports are voluntary they're very spontaneous and they don't often include a lot of background information such as past medical history and so on like that what can happen is we're going to get a ton of bias and potential Under reporting and in fact it should be noted in the study that the authors looked at some 30,000 30,500 reports or so and only 94 of those reports were linking or saying that suicidal ideation was suspected to be due to seatide our second study which showed a potential benefit was a post Hawk analysis of the step one 2 3 and five randomized control trials that was done with movi where they analyzed the drug and the only difference between the groups was there was a placebo group so they got to inject sugar water and the other group was injecting seatide everything else in those studies was controlled and the authors basically took the results from those various studies and compiled them together and analyzed them ultimately this is a significantly more robust data set so it's not voluntary reporting it was people sitting down going through a series of questions and actually filling out questionnaires that were raing and talking about their depression symptoms anxiety symptoms and any other Adverse Events that they might be having and all of that data was then collected and analyzed in a systematic standardized way in order to get the final results of what the author's found and from this analysis of combining all the data from those trials it was found that there was no clinically significant increases in depressive symptoms or suicidal ideation and maybe even a small benefit in reducing depressive symptoms in the people that were taking wovi or seatide and as you can see from this graph right here that yellow line on the bottom that's the individuals that were taking seatide the blue greenish line on top there was the individuals that were taking the placebo and as you can see we see that the stide group actually had a reduction in their depression scores now another thing that needs to be noted with all of these studies that were compiled in this post talk analysis is that the authors of the original studies did exclude individuals that had a history of suicidal idation or had a active mental health condition that wasn't well controlled from the original study design so those patients weren't even included into the study it was people that maybe had depression or anxiety but it was well controlled or considered stable at the time of those studies being done so based on that what we might be able to say is that individuals that have a mild history of mental health conditions or a mental health condition that's currently well controlled and such they may not get an increased risk of suicidal ideation or depression when taking stide and in fact they may actually get a benefit from it but from this analysis set we can't say or know what the results would be for people who have severe significant mental health conditions or issues that are currently ongoing overall we can put a lot more weight and emphasis on that second study that showed a potential benefit versus that first study because the data set was more robust it was more controlled more the variables were taken out of it and ultimately gives us a better confidence as to what is the True Result and hey if you're looking for some more information on the glp1 based medications or contrave then go down to the links below put in your email address and you can download the various handouts that I have on each of the various medications and you can use that to well go to parties and show it to your friends or you can take it and and use it when you talk to your family physician or other care provider when you're thinking about potentially starting one of these medications again links in everything that you need are all down below so check it out and thank you for the ongoing support the other study we don't discount it all together but there is a lot of bias and potential issues with it and so maybe it's a potential signal but we need to take it with a grain of salt and until we get more concrete well done studies around that specific aspect we really can't draw too many conclusions and then when we take these two individual studies and we look at the totality of evidence around these mental health concerns the suicidal ideation piece of things overall it looks like wovi seatide and all the other drugs do not actually increase the risk of suicidal ideation or depression but ultimately if you didn't have the skill set of being able to read the original clinical paper that was completed and done seeing those two different headlines and news articles well you're going to get confused very easily and you're not going to know what to believe because ultimately the news articles aren't giving you a big enough deep dive as to what the evidence actually says and often times most people just look at the headline which is all meant to be clickbaity and get you to click on it and see that and that is where they draw their conclusion from versus actually reading the news article itself now all of this isn't to say that what you are experiencing if it's depressive symptoms if it's suicidal ideation that all started when you started on wovi or one of the other medications those experiences and feelings that you're having are still valid and it could very well be the case that these drugs might lead to those conditions or there is something else that's going on and is at play that we need a lot more data and information around ultimately if you're experiencing any of these side effects or you're feeling more depressed and developing suicidal ideation you need to reach out and get the necessary help talk to your doctor family friends anybody that you can reach out to to get the help and support that you need to manage your mental health condition and if you need to come off of the medication in order to live and not have the mental health distress then that is something that needs to be looked at as well so take care of yourself get the help you need and remember that you are worthy of love and belonging that is it and that is all my friends another mental health update with the glp1 based medications I hope you enjoyed this video and of course if you did you definitely need to hit the subscribe subscribe button down below as well share this video with anybody that you think might get some benefit from it as well don't forget to hit my subscribe links for my email list down below I provide a number of different goodies for you guys to download and utilize to help you with conversations with your family physicians and just general information to further expand your knowledge and don't forget to follow me on my other social media channels and if you haven't already done so check out the OG members membership site of my YouTube channel you can sign up there and get exclusive of content that is only for the OG members as well you can help support one of your favorite creators and trust me the ongoing support is so greatly appreciated and as I always sign off please remember that it's the small tweaks that lead to the massive Peaks

  Top Comments:
  1. @williskarenator [12 likes]: If you eat your feelings....when you remove the eating part with medication, you are forced to deal with your feelings.
  2. @Bellyblessings88 [8 likes]: I been on wegovy for 5 months and the higher the dose the more sad and the more suicidal I feel 😢 but being overweight is hurting me and my joints 😢
  3. @calisuds9830 [6 likes]: Wegovy actually cut my disire to drink alcohol 🍷.
  4. @vickiehalsall5300 [4 likes]: Just had to come off wegovy due to crippling anxiety
  5. @calisuds9830 [4 likes]: INTERESTING......THE INLY TIME I FELT DEPRESSED WAS WHEN MY DOSAGE WAS 1.00MG AND I WAS DEPLETED FROM VITAL MINERALS.  ONCE I FIXED THAT I WAS FINE.  I ACTUALLY FEEL BETTER WITH WEGOVY.  IM NOT DEPRESS BECAUSE IM EATING MORE PROTEIN, REPLENISHING WITH NUTRIENTS SO IM NOT GETTING SICK DUE TO EATING A INSUFFICIENT MEAL.  CUT SUGAR, LOW CARBS, HI PROTIEN, AND WALKING A MILE A DAY HELPS WITH MENTAL HEALTH.  NUTRITIONAL YEAST HAS ALL THE VITAMIN B YOU NEED, MAGNESIUM FROM FRUITS POTASSIUM FROM BANANA AVOCADO. 

YOU MUST EAT FOOD THAT HAS NUTRITIONAL VALUE!

WEGOVY LOWERS YOUR SUGAR AND APPETITE SURPRESANT SO MAKE SURE YOU EAT.  IVE BEEN THERE I KNOW THE FEELING I USED TO TAKE DEPRESSION PILLS.  THE CHEMIXAL IMBALANCES IS DEPLETED MINERALS...STRESS IS ALSO A FACTOR.
  6. @deeh9563 [3 likes]: My mood, mental state and sleep quality has definitely improved since starting Mounjaro a few months ago. And I’m a person that has dealt with depression in the past.
  7. @therealsongstress [3 likes]: Cured my depression 🤷🏽‍♂️
  8. @SuckerCarlson52 [2 likes]: Ozempic is giving me horrible depression.
  9. @liadanducky [2 likes]: I only just started but something has happened to me and I feel so energized and positive and I’ve never been like this before. I’m a very pessimistic/realistic person. I have wrinkles from a near permanent frown. But suddenly I’m smiling for no reason. I’m saying hi to the neighbors instead of hiding. Things that were once dreaded chores are no big deal and I finish quickly. Hormones are wild! Birth control made me murderous but glp1 s are making me a happy positive person??
  10. @Ella3175 [1 likes]: Had constant heart palpitations and panic attacks on mounjaro
  11. @theofficialdrdan: Thanks for watching!

💭 What are your thoughts on these conflicting studies about Wegovy and Ozempic's impact on mental health?

If you need assistance in your journey to reach your weight loss goals, book a consultation with me: https://calendly.com/drdanconsult/he
  12. @angelicaortega6720: Life is a risk itself 
Overweight is depression 
Every individual has some level of depression 😢
  13. @mirandashipman7230: Can you do a video on decreased libido when on a GLP1?
  14. @SailingSarah: Reporters are like hooded kids in a dark alley selling questionable things.
  15. @Cameron-j4d: Also dosage plays a role, there’s more risk of side effects as you increase the dose than when starting on the low dose
  16. @anaussieinvietnam: I have been on Saxenda daily injections for about 6 months... Now, disclaimer, there are many factors that are individual to me so don't think this works for everyone. 
I have cPTSD and was diagnosed 4 months before starting Saxenda. 
I stopped depression medication at the same time I started Saxenda. 
In the 6 months I been taking it, I went against doctors advice and maintained a 50% dose. 
I lost 10kgs. 
My overall mental health has improved out of this world. I stopped most PTSD episodes of anxiety attacks. 
I reduced my stomach issues significantly. 
i all but stopped consuming alcohol
And I returned to regular exercise. 
My simple theory -  PTSD and Anxiety for me, has a significant relationship with gut health. Low dose Saxenda balanced the out of control chemicals and gave my stomach a chance to repair. This got my brain and gut working better together. I wasnt getting drunk and basically stopped drinking all together.. I started feeling better and that helped my mental health situation. 
So, the Saxenda wasnt the actually fix for anxiety and PTSD but it did have a direct effect of 80% of the physical factors that drove the severity of the illness and thus gave me the opportunity to recover very fast. 
I think I was feeling better after only 2 or 3 weeks on it.
  17. @therealsongstress: Not
  18. @jaydesender1073: I’m fighting suicidal thoughts after my first wegovy shot 😢
  19. @blue1491: I just started compounded semaglutide, and I took my second shot Monday. I will say I was fine the first week, but this week I hate myself and everyone else. 😂 I always hate myself, but I’m usually fine with everyone else. I’ve had to keep myself in check at work, and remember that I need my job. I wasn’t sure if it was the meds or not, so this side effect may ring true for some people.
  20. @DsmH-b4r: Please talk about deviding mounjaro pen ,or counting click or take it out through syring

- GLP-1 Medications Like Ozempic & Mounjaro: The Surprising Mental Side Effects You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, this is Dr. Sassy. Today we're talking about a type of medication called GLP1 receptor agonists. These are special medicines that act like a natural hormone in your body. When you eat, your gut sends out this hormone to help control your blood sugar and make you feel full. But the natural hormone disappears quickly. That's where these medicines like ampic wave and munjaro come in. They stay in your body longer, which helps with lowering blood sugar, feeling full faster, and losing weight. Some people taking these medications notice changes in how they feel emotionally. These drugs talk to your brain differently, and that can make you feel tired, less hungry, or even sad or numb. This happens because the brain and gut work closely as a team. When one changes, the other can, too. It's really important to to tell your doctor if you start feeling down or different after starting these medicines. We've seen that people do best when these medications are combined with support from doctors, dieticians, and therapists. If your mood feels off, especially as you lose weight or eat much less, the right help can make a big difference.

- Are weight loss drugs causing depression and anxiety? | Health Hub: Kind: captions Language: en Some strange new side effects are being reported by people taking weight loss drugs. We've already heard about hair loss and sagging areas of the body. But are the drugs changing people's personalities? Too. Senior Health correspondent Monica Robbins looks into the potential mental health impact and if doctors have concerns here, they work with weight loss and studies are underway to see if they can help with substance abuse like alcohol. But are they causing depression and anxiety? We know in these patients that you know, likely dopamine levels are decreased and the question becomes now, you know, are there other applications to that dopamine is one of the feel good neurotransmitters in your brain among other things, it affects mood and motivation. About 1000 reports came into the FDA from people claiming mental health concern from wigo, Ozempic and Saxenda. Only wigo and sex senda are approved for weight loss and they do carry label warnings of depression and suicidal thoughts. However, a recent case Western Reserve University analysis of nearly 2 million medical records did not find an increase in suicidal thoughts. These drugs have been used for nearly a decade for diabetics. You know almost seeming like a miracle treatment. But I think whenever you have a medication that's widespread and hundreds of thousands of people start using it, you're going to start to see more rare side effects that potentially may not have come out in clinical trials. Dr Birch isn't seeing concerns in his own patients taking the drug and losing weight in general, doesn't magically fix other problems in your life, which could also have an impact on mood. We should be aware about it. We should take reports seriously and we really need to follow the data and see, you know, if there's, if we can draw any real conclusions. But at this point, this is not something I would be real concerned about. So now there have been a few studies showing no causation of depression or anxiety with these medications. However, it's important to note that the studies evaluated medical records retrospectively and even though the sample size was quite large, it didn't have the parameters of a controlled study. So the research continues. But as doctor Birch said, it's important for patients to be aware and report any issues to their health care provider. Wow. I mean, here's the thing. These are very popular. Yes. If you talk to people, chances are you know, someone who's taking one. But it is interesting to see those side effects that keep coming well and the side effects keep in mind, I mean, we know that they, they reduce levels of dopamine in the brain. And that's other people are complaining about low libido. You know, they have no interest in cigarettes, they have no interest in alcohol. These are studies that have, have to continue. So we don't know. But to your point as we were talking earlier, yeah, they've been used for over a decade with diabetics. Um, but they're also used for diabetics. They lose an X amount of weight and then they sort of plateau. So these are people who are using are losing a lot of weight very, very quickly. You've also told me that the drug works while you're on it. But for people looking to lose weight and then think they can make in their new weight without the drug, it doesn't work that way. You need a lifestyle change. So they're not. Yeah, Monica, we could talk about this for a long time. Monica, thank you so much. Now, despite those negative side effects, demand for weight loss drug medication is booming and the supply is simply, is not keeping up. There's now a shortage of ZEP bound. Just five months after the FDA approved it, thousands of patients are now facing the risk of having to start rounds of treatment all over again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RR_85 [19 likes]: On Zepbound and depression is present. Lack of wanting to do anything and feeling sad/down.
  2. @willyboff [12 likes]: I can confirm. It triggered my long term anxiety.
  3. @michelleanders9728 [10 likes]: I had severe anxiety and insomnia on Zepbound.  I had the worst panic attack of my life and ended up in the ER.  I am stopping it now.
  4. @faithyoung6625 [10 likes]: How long does it last because I’m fatigued and don’t want to go anywhere or do anything 😢
  5. @Dario_Mazzella1975 [8 likes]: It makes my anxiety worse
  6. @JuliaJuliaJuliaHey [7 likes]: I'm having panic attacks on it, started a week and a half after starting. Never had panic attacks in my life. Taken my anxiety from a level 2 to a level 9. I will be stopping soon as I want to feel normal again.
  7. @josephmaple7656 [6 likes]: Zepbound causes mood changes
  8. @fabionviggiani [5 likes]: I’m having severe anxiety attacks every day after the injection with ozempic 0.5mg
  9. @BunnyTree [4 likes]: First couple days after each shot is causing flat mood.  Compounded semaglutide.
  10. @itssimplyveee [4 likes]: Wegovy 1mg caused me anxiety. I went back down to .5g
  11. @steph_cali [3 likes]: It interferes with dopamine signaling… which has led me depletion of energy and motivation. I have no interest in anything that I once found to be rewarding! Including long walks and crafting.
  12. @Jodempole [1 likes]: I’m on it and more depressed than I was before. Eating was a ‘high’ for me. So now, that ‘go-to-high’ is gone for me. I don’t have a replacement for it, so I’m just ‘blah’ now.
  13. @Tiffanymarie70 [1 likes]: Definitely had anxiety attacks
  14. @davidkruse4030 [1 likes]: No interest in alcohol or cigarettes what a terrible thing
  15. @gracerose2408 [1 likes]: Wegovy and Ozempic user here - I’ve never wanted to off myself more than whilst i’ve been on this drug. It’s almost gotten the better of me.
  16. @guloguloguy [1 likes]: "FASTING" IS FREE, AND HAS ALMOST NO BAD "SIDE EFFECTS"!!!!!:face-blue-smiling::face-green-smiling::face-orange-raised-eyebrow::face-turquoise-covering-eyes:    :face-red-heart-shape:
  17. @0207khenry: Zepbound after 6 months took me to ER.  Severe panic attack. Never happened in my life. One day just felt literally off. Like I wasn’t myself. Stopped immediately.
  18. @yesooo1137: Had the worst panic attack on rybelsus quit it immediately
  19. @pennysheppard7576: Could it be malnutrition versus the drug itself?
  20. @Bright-It: Think. 
An apple inside a hourglass? Good luck. 
GLP-1 refers to a class of DRUGS called glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists.
If you are overweighted or obese … lose lot 
of weight fast (muscle, fat and liquid), skin will 
sag, face will melt and bones will show.
Plus nausea, gastroparesis and bone density loss. What a mess …
Who would not feel anxiety, depression and confusion?
If Karen could stop, hear and think at least …
ALL WE NEED IS REVIVE GOOD MANNERS.

- Ozempic's $1,000 Price Tag Explained | The Middleman Problem: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there. Imagine a drug so effective at weight loss that it's being called liquid gold. A drug that's transforming health, crashing snack food stocks, and even changing how we think about addiction. Celebrities are whispering about it. Doctors can't keep up with the demand. And people are literally flying to other countries just to get their hands on it. But then you see the price tag, $1,000 a month in the United States. Meanwhile, and this is the part that'll make your jaw drop, the exact same pen costs about $59 in Germany or $155 in Canada. Same drug, same company, same little injection pen, just a totally different price depending on where you happen to live. So, here's the question that should be keeping you up at night. How can a drug that costs less than $5 to manufacture be sold for a 20,000% markup? Today, we're going to pull back the curtain on what I'm calling the Ompic economy. Why the US health care system is almost designed to keep prices like this astronomically high and how a clever rebranding move called WGOI didn't just change the game, it rewrote the rules entirely. Let's get into it. To understand why this drug is worth so much to so many people, we first need to understand what it actually does. Because honestly, it's kind of fascinating. The active ingredient is called saglutide. And at its core, it does something deceptively simple. It mimics a hormone in your body called GLP1, glucagon like peptide. One, this hormone is released naturally after you eat and its job is to travel to your brain and basically say, "Hey, we're full. You can stop now." Saglutide mimics that signal, but it sticks around way longer than the natural hormone does. So instead of feeling full for an hour after a meal, patients on this drug report feeling less hungry throughout the entire day. Some describe it as the noise in their head around food. That constant mental chatter of what's for lunch, what's for dinner, I kind of want a snack. Just going quiet. For people with type 2 diabetes, this is a lifesaver. Ompic was originally approved in 2017 specifically to help manage blood sugar levels, and it worked incredibly well. But then something unexpected happened. patients started losing significant weight. Not a little. We're talking 10, 15, sometimes over 20% of their body weight in clinical trials. Doctors noticed, patients noticed, and word got out fast. People without diabetes started asking their doctors for it. Then celebrities reportedly started using it. Then the internet exploded. Suddenly, a quiet diabetes medication had become the most talked about drug on the planet with massive off label use, meaning people using it for a purpose it wasn't officially approved for, leading to global shortages. Pharmacies ran out. Diabetic patients who needed it for blood sugar control couldn't get it because demand had completely outpaced supply. A diabetes drug had accidentally become the world's most sought-after weight loss tool. And that accident worth tens of billions of dollars. Okay, so the drug is effective. Wildly effective. But does that justify a $1,000 monthly price tag? Let's look at the math. Researchers at Yale and Harvard actually studied this. They found that semaglutide could theoretically be manufactured for somewhere between $0 89 and $473s per month per month. So when you're paying $1,000 or your insurance is the markup isn't 10x or even 100x, it's closer to 20,000%. Now pharmaceutical companies will tell you that the price reflects the cost of research and development. the billions spent on clinical trials, failed experiments, regulatory approval. And look, that argument has some merit. Drug development is genuinely expensive and risky. But it doesn't fully explain why Americans pay so much more than every other developed country for the exact same product. To understand that, you need to meet the middlemen. Enter pharmacy benefit managers or PBMs. PBMs are companies that sit between drug manufacturers, insurance companies, and pharmacies. Their official job is to negotiate drug prices on behalf of insurers, theoretically to lower costs. But here's the catch, and this is the part that sounds almost too cynical to be true. PBMs earn rebates based on the list price of a drug. The higher the list price, the bigger the rebate they can negotiate and the more money they make. So think about that for a second. The people whose job it is to lower drug prices actually have a financial incentive to keep list prices high. It's what economists call a perverse incentive. A system where doing the thing that's bad for consumers is actually what makes the middlemen rich. and drug manufacturers play along because in exchange for those big rebates, PBMs put their drugs on the preferred list that insurance companies cover. It's a system that benefits everyone except the patient. Now add to this the fact that the United States, unlike virtually every other developed country, has no government body that caps drug prices. In Germany, Australia, the UK, governments negotiate directly with pharmaceutical companies and set price ceilings. If a company doesn't agree, their drug simply doesn't get sold there. In America, no such system exists. Drug companies can charge essentially whatever the market will bear. And in a market shaped by PBM rebate games and opaque insurance negotiations, what the market bears ends up being $1,000 a month for a drug that costs $5 to make. So we've established that OMPic is a miracle drug caught in a broken pricing system. But then Novo Nordisk, the Danish company that makes it, did something that was either brilliant strategy or a masterclass in corporate audacity, depending on how you look at it. They made the exact same drug and gave it a new name. Meet WGOI. WGOI has the same active ingredient as ompic semiglutide. The key difference is a slightly higher maximum dose 2.4 4 milligans versus ompix to zero mium laws. But crucially, it was submitted to the FDA for a different approval, not for diabetes, but specifically for chronic weight management in people with obesity. And that one distinction, it changed everything. By getting Wiggo approved as a weight loss drug, Novo Nordisk didn't just expand their market, they unlocked it. Suddenly, instead of targeting the roughly 37 million Americans with diabetes, they were targeting over 100 million Americans classified as obese or overweight. A market that is in many ways almost impossible to fully satisfy. But here's where the insurance twist comes in, and it's genuinely maddening. Most insurance plans in the US do cover Ompic because it's for diabetes, a recognized medical condition with serious health consequences. But Wiggoi, even though it's basically the same drug, is often excluded from coverage because insurance companies have historically treated obesity as a lifestyle issue rather than a chronic disease. So, you end up in this bizarre situation. If you're diabetic, insurance might cover your $1,000 month semaglutide. But if you're obese, which carries its own serious health risks, including heart disease, joint problems, sleep apnea, you might be forced to pay the full 1,300 plus list price for Wiggoi entirely out of pocket. Same molecule, same manufacturer. Wildly different financial reality depending on which box a doctor checks on your prescription form. For Novo Nordisk though, the WGOI launch was a smashing success. The company's market cap surged so dramatically that at one point in 2023, Novo Nordisk briefly became the most valuable company in Europe, worth more than the entire GDP of Denmark, the country it's headquartered in. That's the scale of money we're talking about here. So, where does all of this go from here? Is $1,000 a month just the permanent reality for Americans who want access to this drug? Maybe not. And there are two big forces pushing toward change. The first is a direct move from Novo Nordisk itself. The company has announced that starting January 1st, 2027, they will lower the list price of both Osmpic and Wiggoi to $675 per month. That's still a lot of money. That's still a markup of thousands of percent over manufacturing cost, but it's a meaningful reduction, and it likely reflects the pressure they're feeling from the second force, competition. Because Seaglutide is approaching a patent cliff. As of around March 2026, Samaglutide's patent is beginning to expire in certain markets, including India, which opens the door for generic manufacturers to produce their own versions at a fraction of the cost. As generics enter global markets, the price pressure on Novo Nordisk will only increase. Analysts predict that within a few years, generic semaglutide could potentially be available for tens of dollars per month rather than hundreds, dramatically changing who can access this drug. There are also new GLP1 competitors entering the space from Eli Liy and others which is already forcing Novo Nordisk to rethink its pricing strategy. The Ompic economy in other words may be nearing the end of its most extreme chapter. But the story it tells about how American drug pricing works, that story isn't going away anytime soon. At the end of the day, Ompic isn't just a medical breakthrough. It's a mirror reflecting just how broken the US pharmaceutical system really is. It's a world where the price you pay for medicine depends less on what it costs to make and more on your insurance plan, your diagnosis code, and a web of middlemen whose incentives are fundamentally misaligned with your health. A drug that could cost $5 to manufacture costs $1,000 to buy. Not because of science, not because of innovation, but because of system design. Because of who sits between the factory and the pharmacy, because of a country that uniquely among wealthy nations decided that life-saving drugs should be priced by the free market. And the Wiggoi story shows that even within that broken system, companies are incredibly creative at finding new ways to extract maximum value, sometimes just by changing a label. So, here's what I want to leave you with. What do you think? Is a life-saving drug worth $1,000 a month? Is this just the cost of innovation, or is the system quite literally making the rich richer on the backs of sick people? Drop your thoughts in the comments. I read every single one. And honestly, this is one of those topics where I genuinely want to know where you stand. If you found this video useful, hit the like button. It genuinely helps more people find this content. And if you want to keep pulling back the curtain on how money and systems really work, subscribe. We do this every week. I'll see you in the next

- Ozempic is a game-changer. Here’s how it works.: Kind: captions Language: en This is a Ozempic. It's a drug approved by the FDA to manage type 2 diabetes. Maybe you've heard the jingle. [singing] “Oh, oh, oh Ozempic.” Or maybe you've seen Ozempic in the news recently for another reason. [overlapping] “Weight loss...” “... weight loss...” “Easy weight loss.” “Miracle Diet Drug.” “Miracle weight loss drug.” And it's true. Ozempic was designed to help people manage their blood sugar... but it's also proven to help people lose weight. My doctor was like “This is mainly for blood sugar management.” “But as a side effects like you will lose weight.” When I started to notice that, like in the first month or so had dropped 10 pounds, like nothing. I was like, “There's something to this.” And once you learn why it works you'll understand how this drug could completely change the way we approach weight loss. According to the latest data from the National Institutes of Health around 42% of adults in the US are currently categorized as obese. The CDC's list of health risks associated with obesity include heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes... diseases that rank among the leading causes of premature death worldwide. Not everyone living with type 2 diabetes is considered obese but the two are closely linked. In fact, one of the leading recommendations for managing type 2 diabetes is weight loss. Even like a small amount of weight reduction for people with diabetes can help blood sugar management. I'm Mila Clarke. I'm 33 years old and I have a type of diabetes called latent autoimmune diabetes in adults. I reached out to Mila because she runs a YouTube channel... Hangry Woman, where she makes videos about living a healthy life with diabetes. The thing that I wish that people understood more is how difficult it is to live with both diabetes and obesity. She's also documented her experience with Ozempic. It has always been really hard for me to lose weight despite diet and exercise and paying attention to lifestyle habits. For a long time, doctors have had mixed views on how to make weight loss more accessible... to help people lower their risk for illnesses like type 2 diabetes. One option is weight loss medication. Historically, weight loss drugs have been associated with dangerous side effects and have been pulled from the market. Metabolic bariatric surgery is extremely effective for weight loss but it requires dramatic lifestyle changes that can be challenging to maintain. But with new diabetes drugs like Ozempic... scientists have a safe and effective tool for weight loss... and it's based on something that's inside our bodies and already: Hormones. Hormones are the body's messengers running from one place to another prompting certain cells into action. When we eat our bodies produce a bunch of hormones to aid in the process of digestion. One of them is GLP-1: the hormone that tells us when we're full. This is a sequence of amino acids that make it up. And this is Semaglutide, the generic name for Ozempic. It's made to mimic GLP-1. Here's why. When food enters your stomach and begins to work its way through the digestive system... your body releases GLP-1 in the intestine. There are receptors for GLP-1 in cells all throughout the body that serve different functions when triggered by the hormone. In the pancreas, GLP-1 receptors promote the production of insulin the hormone that lowers blood sugar levels and suppress the production of glucagon the hormone that raises blood sugar levels. This is important for people with type 2 diabetes whose bodies are insulin resistant and produce very little insulin of their own. Synthetic insulin is a critical treatment for blood sugar management. And semaglutide makes the insulin you do have whether it's produced naturally or synthetically work better in your body. Losing excess fat can also help you become more insulin sensitive. That's where GLP-1’s next receptor comes in. In the stomach, GLP-1 receptors slow gastric emptying... which means food doesn't move through the digestive system as quickly and you stay fuller for longer. It slows the digestion of your food which overall helps with blood sugar spikes and it helps you feel fuller for longer so you don't eat as much. And maybe most importantly, at least in regard to weight loss there are GLP-1 receptors in the brain... particularly in the hypothalamus that suppress hunger cravings. That fuller satiety feeling for longer is really helpful. The digestive system is designed to do all of this naturally but GLP-1 based medications are made to amplify the hormone’s numerous health effects. And it works. A major clinical trial of semaglutide in adults showed an average weight reduction of around 15% when paired with an adjusted diet and exercise routine compared to a placebo group, which demonstrated a little over 2% weight reduction. That level of effectiveness rivals the results of metabolic bariatric surgery. And the fact that I was able to take a once weekly injection and then all of a sudden like the pounds just like dropped off I was like, “This is wild to me.” These drugs aren't without side effects the most common being nausea gastrointestinal effects like diarrhea. Mila initially stopped taking Ozempic because of a side effect that gave her heart palpitations. But she's back on it now. And so far, so good. My blood sugars are great. I'm having an easier time losing weight and I've amped up my exercise and being outdoors and hiking and running and walking. And you still have to do all of the other things that everyone has to do to be able to lose weight. It just makes it a little bit easier. But it's helping me so much with my diabetes management. The number of prescriptions of Semaglutide has risen dramatically since becoming available in late 2017. And in 2021, the FDA approved Semaglutide to be prescribed at a higher dose for weight management specifically branded under the name Wegovy. It was big news and led to this drug getting a lot of attention sort of all at once. The messaging started to center more around weight loss than it did diabetes which is unfortunate for people with diabetes and people living with obesity. There are these two groups of people who really need this drug for health purposes but it's being trivialized and kind of looked at as like “Oh, this is an easy weight loss solution.” There are solutions in place now to deal with the sudden high demand for these drugs for people who need them. Mounjaro, another medication developed specifically for type 2 diabetes is currently being fast tracked for approval by the FDA to be prescribed for weight loss too. Now that Ozempic’s notoriety helps Semaglutide go mainstream it and drugs like it will only become more commonly prescribed for weight management. It's not as simple as “Take this injection and you won't be living with obesity anymore.” or “You'll reverse your diabetes.” But as a community we get really excited to see innovations happen and tools that can make our lives a little easier and that can cause less diabetes burn out... and helps you think about diabetes less. It's one of those things that I think... all of us want to protect at all costs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [1000 likes]: There's a lot about Ozempic we didn't have time to get into in this video, including more about medical discrimination around obesity and more context around recent drug shortages. This article from our website, written by Julia Belluz, provides more info: https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/23584679/ozempic-wegovy-semaglutide-weight-loss-obesity
  2. @ShirleyB.Bise11 [1 likes]: one thing this video doesnt fully get into is how the GLP-1 receptor activation in the brainstem is just as important as the pancreatic effect. the "food noise" reduction people on semaglutide describe isnt a placebo, its literally dopamine pathway modulation. been on compounded semaglutide through form blends for about 8 months and the appetite change felt neurological before it felt physical, if that makes sense.
  3. @The_Bean_Head_Men [1 likes]: Starts at 2:30
  4. @wqsnsr8: Worse video
  5. @Gateszxk: PENUT streams 😂😂😂😂 brought me here 😂😂😂what was this word 😂😂😂
  6. @susanhowell1931: I lost 140 pounds. Now, I cannot afford it. I am not a true diabetic. I am on the borderline.
  7. @susanhowell1931: How can I get Ozempic cheaper
  8. @matheuscruz4995: thanks
  9. @Mokkashe: I really think your commercials are terrible. 
The guy eating the popcorn while the warnings of all the possibly deadly interactions..
This is no joking matter, all you big pharma companies really don’t care about us do you??
It’s greed and money vs k harming people ..
Every problem out there doesn’t require a pill..
You will be accountable for this!
  10. @juankherrera147: Worst video on the topic
  11. @Peachcreekmedia: I take this med for type 2 diabetes and it has been effective at managing it. I just wish it was lower cost and available to all type 2 diabetics in America.
  12. @riadanush: It was really hard for me to lose weight while dealing with carpal tunnel, but with this shot, I’ve had no issues at all.
  13. @NesrinButler: STOP TAKING OZAMPIC. SEVERE SIDE EGFECTS. LOSS OF YOUR LIFE.
  14. @vandanaparti1840: Good info
  15. @susiemiller2621: Watch the dr berg version . 
If too good to be true...
  16. @baly-d-unscripted: Lot of celebs and rich are making it hard for people with real problems
  17. @anitamarmo6131: Traducir estos videos por favoor
  18. @cheloooxalfa6632: Yes lazy
  19. @MiguelDelgado-z8d: A friend used to train because he was an amateur fighter. He was always a bigger guy. He went from 250 to around 160. A lot of training, healthy eating and a strict lifestyle. 

As soon as he stopped training, he gained the weight back. Even though he would still eat healthy, he had trouble losing weight. That's when I realized that there are some people who even though they eat healthy and are active, will still have trouble losing weight. Like my sisters ex husband. No matter how much he tries to gain weight, he doesn't have any luck. His body type is just slim. This was a few years back when I was still in highschool. I always thought bigger people were just lazy but no. It really is genetics.
  20. @NaraPlayz-c5v: Ok first of all you used the wrong terminology, weight refers to the force of gravity, the CORRECT terminology is MASS because mass is the amount of matter in your body so lbs or kg is NOT weight, weight is in N(newtons) you cant "lose weight" the only way you "lose weight" is to go to different planets or moons like for example you weight around 120 lbs in Earth, if you go to the moon you weigh 20 lbs. mass stays constant unless you workout or eat healthily so it is possible to "lose mass" so say it "lose mass"

- Trump's Ozempic Price Cut Explained in 6 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en The Trump administration just dropped a bombshell that's going to flip obesity treatment in America overnight. >> President Trump is announcing major deals to lower the cost of GLP1 medications for many Americans. >> That's 200% 300% 500%. >> President's promising patients will pay the lowest cost in the world. >> Two world pharmaceutical manufacturers agreed to offer their most popular GLP1 at drastic discounts. Right now, GLOP1 drugs cost roughly $5,000 out of pocket for those without insurance. >> They're slashing the price of GOP1 drugs like Ompic, we go via Zetbound, and adding insurance coverage. But before you get excited, let's talk about who actually wins here and who still gets left out. I treat patients with obesity every day. And here's the truth. 40% of Americans live with obesity. Another third deal with overweight. And most of them don't have insurance coverage for the medications that actually work. These aren't vanity drugs. They treat diabetes, heart disease, liver disease, kidney disease. These are the real killers in America. >> Obesity is the number one driver of chronic disease. 50% of our adult population are obese or overweight. >> For decades, obesity was treated like a personal failure, not a medical condition. Now, this administration is saying we're going to pay for it just like we do for cancer or heart disease. And that's historic. I'll break down exactly what this means. The new prices, how coverage will actually work, and what to watch for when you hear politicians talking about cheap obesity meds, but there's a lot they're not telling you now. So, here's what was announced. A new federal purchasing program called Trump rx.gov. It's expected to go live by the end of the year. Through it, Americans can buy obesity medications at prices we've literally never seen before. Zetbound, $346 a month. We go via Ompic $350 a month. And here's the wild part. Prices are expected to drop over the next 24 months to around $245 a month. That's still a lot, but for patients paying $500 a month right now, that's a massive shift. The new GLP1 pills are expected to come out in 2026 and start around $149 a month for early doses. And even better, new, more potent drugs are already fasttracked for 2026 and 2027. Starting in 2026, Medicare will launch a pilot program to cover those drugs for just a $50 co-pay. That's right, 50 bucks. That's lower than many people pay for insulin. To qualify, you'll need one of these. A BMI of 27 or higher, and you'll have to have pre-diabetes or heart disease. BMI of 30 plus with high blood pressure, kidney disease, or heart failure, or a BMI above 35. That's a big deal because right now, Medicare doesn't cover these meds until you've had a heart attack or stroke. >> It drives about 50% of health care costs in this country. Diabetes, cardiac diseases. We are going to see a decline because of this historic agreement. We're going to see a decline in cost, but also more importantly in the afflictions themselves. Here's the catch. RFK said these prices would apply to everyone. But that's actually not true. At least not yet. Before private insurers can negotiate lower prices, they have to add coverage first. And that costs them and their employers a lot of money. So until that happens, it looks like nothing's changing if you have private insurance. So, the translation, if your employer's plan doesn't cover it now, don't expect a discount yet. But this announcement will definitely pressure them to start. As an obesity specialist, this is the biggest shift in policy I've seen ever. We have medications that work, and we finally have a start to getting access to everyone who needs them. We've seen patients come off insulin, reverse pre-diabetes, improve heart function because we treated the root cause, which is obesity. I feel fantastic. >> But here's the thing. These don't fix everything. There's poor habits, poor diets, physical inactivity that we'll need to address. And treatment is long-term with all of it. That's the real formula for success. So, here's what no one mentioned in that press conference. These drugs are already FDA approved to treat more people than this policy allows. That means a lot of Americans who medically qualify might still be denied for coverage. So yes, this is progress, but it is a compromise. It's a step forward, but we still have more to go. If we get this right, pricing, coverage, prevention, this could be the moment we finally turn the tide on obesity. This isn't about political parties. It's about whether people can actually get the treatment they need. I think about one of my patients, a man in his late 60s, dealt with obesity his whole life. Came to me years ago at more than 330 lb. Tried everything he could for years. He couldn't afford the right meds and eventually we found he needed heart bypass surgery. If he'd had access earlier, his story could have been much different for him and millions of others. That's what's at stake. This isn't about politics. It's about treating an illness that disables so many people. >> Physically, my body is in a lot of pain. My feet, my hips, everything's burning. Like, I just want her to go get the car. >> Do you like the outside? I've never been out here. It's about preventing those diseases and helping people feel whole again. Medications are really needed for treatment, but they're not the whole answer. We need to fix our food system, make activity part of our daily life, and stop blaming people for a disease that has so many causes outside of their control. This announcement can change millions of lives if we get it right. Because this time, we have a chance to really see that obesity is treatable.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mostafa-j4e7i: Good for american 👍🏻
  2. @karenhigel1318: yay for progress 🎉

- Why Are Weight-Loss Drugs Like Wegovy & Ozempic So Expensive? The Truth Behind the Price Tag: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, it's Dr. Sassy. Today we're talking about a common question I hear from many patients. Why are weight loss drugs like WGI, Ozmpic, and Mangjaro so expensive? The short answer is they're new, popular, and still protected by patents. These medications use special ingredients like semiglutide and tursipetide, which were originally developed to treat diabetes. But because they've also been approved for weight loss and in higher doses, they come with a much higher price tag, often more than $1,300 a month if insurance doesn't help. And most insurance companies don't cover these medications because they see weight loss as a lifestyle choice rather than a medical necessity. Another reason these drugs are so pricey is because there aren't any generic versions yet. And that won't change until at least the 2030s when the patents start to expire. Plus, in the US, there are no rules to limit how much drug companies can charge unlike in other countries. That's why I always tell my patients to consider all their options like patient assistance programs, online teleaalth discounts, and even beriatric surgery. In many cases, surgery is covered by insurance and gives you long-term results with just a one-time cost. If you're struggling with obesity, it's important to know there are choices and we're here to help guide you through them.

- Stopping Wegovy or Ozempic? Why Weight Returns and What to Consider First: Kind: captions Language: en You’ve probably seen, you’ve probably seen the&nbsp; new headlines about WEGOVY, OZEMPIC and MOUNJARO.&nbsp;&nbsp; “People just regain the weight when they stop. Do&nbsp; these drugs even work?” It sounds like the drug&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped working. Before you accept that story, I&nbsp; want you to think about something very familiar:&nbsp;&nbsp; blood pressure tablets. I’m Dr Ho in Brisbane.&nbsp; In this No Hype Health Talk episode, I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; do three things. First, explain in plain English&nbsp; what research actually shows about weight regain.&nbsp;&nbsp; Second, give you a simple satiety or fullness&nbsp; dial picture to make sense of it. Satiety is&nbsp;&nbsp; a feeling of fullness or satisfaction when you&nbsp; eat. And third, show you how to think about these&nbsp;&nbsp; medicines as ongoing support, not a magic cure,&nbsp; so you are not blindsided if you ever stop taking&nbsp;&nbsp; them. And last, what you can actually do about&nbsp; it. By the end of this video, you will understand&nbsp;&nbsp; why the “weight comes back” story sounds a little&nbsp; misleading in headlines, and how and what you need&nbsp;&nbsp; to consider when stopping the medication. It looks&nbsp; very different when you see the full picture.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let’s start with the research. Across different&nbsp; studies, the pattern is quite consistent. People&nbsp;&nbsp; lose weight while they on GLP-1 medicines, WEGOVY,&nbsp; OZEMPIC and MOUNJARO. When treatment stops,&nbsp;&nbsp; they do not bounce back straight away to their old&nbsp; weight, but they regain it steadily. Not everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; but quite a few. The regain averages about half&nbsp; a kilogram per month after stopping treatment.&nbsp;&nbsp; And with some newer ones, it can be closer to&nbsp; almost a kilogram per month. Blood sugar, blood&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure, and cholesterol after stopping GLP-1&nbsp; medications also drift back toward baseline over a&nbsp;&nbsp; similar time frame. Now come back to that familiar&nbsp; comparison: blood pressure tablets. While you take&nbsp;&nbsp; them, your numbers improve. When you stop, they&nbsp; go back up. We don’t think of that as a failure.&nbsp;&nbsp; We say the medicine worked while it was on board.&nbsp; So GLP-1 weight-loss medicines behave in a similar&nbsp;&nbsp; way. They are not once-off resets. Let me give you&nbsp; the satiety dial analogy. Think of your satiety&nbsp;&nbsp; signal, the feeling of fullness when you eat, like&nbsp; a sound volume. So for some people, the fullness&nbsp;&nbsp; signal is too soft. The voice in your brain keeps&nbsp; saying, “I’m not yet full. I’m not yet full.”&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 medications turn that volume up while you’re&nbsp; on them. And when you stop, the volume tends to&nbsp;&nbsp; drift back towards the noise where it was. That&nbsp; signal is controlled by a network of gut and brain&nbsp;&nbsp; signals. GLP-1 is one of the important hormones&nbsp; that we have, that you have, but not the only one,&nbsp;&nbsp; alongside other hormones and brain pathways&nbsp; that influence hunger, fullness, and reward.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some people have that natural dial set fairly high&nbsp; from the start, so they get full quickly and leave&nbsp;&nbsp; food on the plate without even thinking about&nbsp; it. Others live with their natural dial set low,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the sound is noisy. “I’m not full. I’m not&nbsp; full,” they keep hearing. They do feel full,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the signal is softer and easier to&nbsp; override in a world of large portions and&nbsp;&nbsp; ultra-processed food that taste delectable. GLP-1&nbsp; analogues like semaglutide, or OZEMPIC and WEGOVY,&nbsp;&nbsp; and tirzepatide, which is MOUNJARO, they turn&nbsp; the satiety dial up while you’re on them. You&nbsp;&nbsp; reach fullness sooner. Food noise softens. Lower&nbsp; portions feel more natural. Over months, weight&nbsp;&nbsp; and metabolic markers like blood sugar level,&nbsp; cholesterol, and blood pressure usually improve.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now keep that picture in mind because we’ll use&nbsp; it to understand the weight-regain situation.&nbsp;&nbsp; What the British Medical Journal analysis and&nbsp; other trials are describing is what happens&nbsp;&nbsp; when you turn off that extra support. When the&nbsp; drug stops, the dial drifts back toward your old&nbsp;&nbsp; baseline. The noise increases. You still have your&nbsp; own GLP-1 signals, but you have removed the extra&nbsp;&nbsp; support. Appetite rises, eating creeps up, and&nbsp; weight follows. Cardiometabolic markers such as&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar, blood pressure, and cholesterol&nbsp; also move back to where they started within&nbsp;&nbsp; about one and one and a half years when you’re&nbsp; off the treatment. That feels uncomfortable,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you have worked very hard to lose&nbsp; that weight. But biologically, it’s exactly what&nbsp;&nbsp; we would expect when we remove long-term support&nbsp; in a long-term condition, a long-term situation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Partly from how the story is told, weight comes&nbsp; back after the drug is stopped easily becomes a&nbsp;&nbsp; story that says the drug fails in the long term.&nbsp; But the key phrase is after the drug is stopped.&nbsp;&nbsp; Another part is how we think about responsibility.&nbsp; When weight returns, we often blame the person.&nbsp;&nbsp; “No willpower.” Or we blame the drug, or the drug&nbsp; failed. “It failed me.” Both ignore the simple&nbsp;&nbsp; reality that your satiety, your satiety system,&nbsp; has probably been running at that old setting for&nbsp;&nbsp; decades. Expecting it to hold at a brand-new line&nbsp; forever after a short course is optimistic. And&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where the relevant comparison helps. Think&nbsp; about blood pressure or blood sugar treatment.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the medicine is on board, things improve. If&nbsp; you stop it, the old pattern often returns. We do&nbsp;&nbsp; not call that failure. We call that biology. So,&nbsp; how should we think about GLP-1 medicines in real&nbsp;&nbsp; life? First, think in years, not weeks. Obesity&nbsp; and insulin resistance usually build slowly.&nbsp;&nbsp; These drugs make more sense as long-term&nbsp; tools, or tools you may return to,&nbsp;&nbsp; or rather than just quick fixes that permanently&nbsp; reset the weight after a few months. Second,&nbsp;&nbsp; think of the medicine as a top-up to your&nbsp; own satiety signal. While you’re taking it,&nbsp;&nbsp; the dial is turned up. The noise is turned down.&nbsp; You feel full faster. Eating less becomes easier.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the time to build what comes next. More&nbsp; real food at home, fewer ultra-processed snacks,&nbsp;&nbsp; walking that fits your lifestyle, and simple&nbsp; strength workout that protects muscle. Those&nbsp;&nbsp; habits are the support you build for later.&nbsp; If the dose of the GLP-1 medication comes&nbsp;&nbsp; down or the medicine stops, you have a new set of&nbsp; habits that you can live into the future. Third,&nbsp;&nbsp; expect some regain if you stop. The real&nbsp; question is not, will I go back exactly to&nbsp;&nbsp; where I was before? The better questions are, how&nbsp; much regain am I comfortable with? What level can&nbsp;&nbsp; I realistically support with lifestyle alone,&nbsp; the new habits that I have established? Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; some regain is not failure. A complete boomerang&nbsp; back to the starting point may simply mean that&nbsp;&nbsp; the course was too short or the supports around&nbsp; you were too thin, and you reverted back to your&nbsp;&nbsp; old habits. Finally, keep away from the extremes.&nbsp; These drugs are powerful and, for many people,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is life-changing. They also carry side effects,&nbsp; cost, and the unknowns, and they deserve long-term&nbsp;&nbsp; follow-up. They are neither miracle cures nor&nbsp; scams. They are tools, tools that need context&nbsp;&nbsp; and clear expectations, clear understanding,&nbsp; and also clear what to do next. So now you have&nbsp;&nbsp; three pieces I promised you at the start. What&nbsp; research actually shows about weight regain,&nbsp;&nbsp; how satiety signal works, the dial, the noise.&nbsp; Third, how to frame these medicines as support,&nbsp;&nbsp; not as a one-time cure. On this channel, my aim is&nbsp; to keep discussion grounded. GLP-1 medicines turn&nbsp;&nbsp; up satiety signal that was not strong enough&nbsp; for you. When the extra signal is removed,&nbsp;&nbsp; our old physiology reappears. Between those&nbsp; two realities is the space where healthier&nbsp;&nbsp; eating habits and better long-term decisions are&nbsp; built. If this helped you see past the headlines,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might find the other episodes in my&nbsp; OZEMPIC and MOUNJARO playlist useful as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially the ones on side effects, shortages,&nbsp; and class warnings. And if you ever stopped one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these medicines, I would genuinely like&nbsp; to hear what changed for you. Hunger, weight,&nbsp;&nbsp; blood tests, or mood? Share a sentence below.&nbsp; I read every comment. Thank you for listening.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LucyLee7-12 [1 likes]: Thank you for your explanation. Now I understand why my friends are unable to cease taking the GLP-1 once they have lost weight, and most of them are still on it after 2 years!
  2. @lenorelopez748 [1 likes]: I’m doing everything you recommend.  Enjoying my new habits too.   Thank you!

- Wegovy Update - Out Of Stock!: Kind: captions Language: en get out mates how's this for timing hey so yesterday I'm having a chinwag with Todd he's telling me all about his weight loss Journey dude's lost 90b since the start of the Year using W goie we're taking a look at his CPAP therapy results all the positive changes improvements in blood oxygen level improvements in heart rate his pacemaker it's an Incredible video click the link above if you'd like to watch it wake up this morning email from Todd wovi update uh oh here it is updates about wovi December 12th 2023 here we go despite making significant progress increasing our production capacity and running our manufacturing lines 24 hours a day 7 days a week Nova Nordisk is experiencing a short-term stockout of the wovi 1. .7 mg dose strength in the US through December this is due to demand continuing to be greater than our ability to supply we expect to resume shipments of the GOI 1.7 mg into the US market in early January 2024 as we fill the supply chain pharmacies may experience typical delays giving the time sometimes required to order the product from their local distribution center and the potential for geographical variabilities answering your questions about W GOI Supply and there's a lot of questions here I won't go through them all put a link to the article in the description below if you want to read them all and also pin a comment for you I'll just pick a few at random I'm waiting to start wovi when will I be able to do so if you are interested in discussing wovi with your healthcare provider we recommend you take into consideration The Limited supply of wovi as part of shared decision making about initiating therapy how fascinating is that he they're basically trying to downsell their product there and say hey we can't promise we can keep up with demand incredible um how many dose strengths of wov are there there are five dose drinks so you start at a low dose and then you gradually work your way up over time as Todd discusses in the video is OIC an acceptable substitute for wovi so both OIC and wovi are manufactured by Nova Nordisk and I like to think of OIC as wo's little brother this is the one that's super popular with celebrities for weight loss it's the diabetic medication but somewhere along the line people are like hey this is pretty cool I'm losing a lot of weight celebrities caught on to this and then they're I don't know hitting up the doctors getting all the OIC which was really bad for the people with diabetes who really need it because yeah all these drugs are running out of stock because they're so popular let's read on although we GOI and OIC both contain semaglutide that's the key ingredient they are different products with different indications dosages prescribing information and titration schedules as approved by the FDA now if you read between the lines there I'm pretty sure they're exactly the same thing same ingredient same compound just different strengths fact check me on that if you like I'm not a doctor I'm not a pharmacist but I can spot BS pretty well and I think they've thrown in a few words there to try and throw you off but I'm pretty sure they're the same thing just different strengths so asmic has been approved by the FDA for diabetes treatment not for weight loss you can't get it prescribed for weight loss unless you know you know someone but we go yes it's been approved by the FDA for weight loss from start to finish how a GOI is made manufactured and shipped so the active ingredient semaglutide is manufactured in the EU that's shipped to the US where they put it in the pen here's the pen here so it's an injection I think Todd said it's once a week he said it doesn't hurt and then the pens are packed and sent to distribution centers and then wholesalers finally wholesalers distribute wovi to retail phaces Nationwide there you go anyway I'll leave it that guys make sure you check out Todd's video it's incredible um weight loss is such a Hot Topic right now in the industry glp 1s are really going to disrupt the seap industry the sleepa industry they already are and they will continue to do so into the future especially when this pen turns from an injection into a tablet and Supply catches up with demand until next time guys sleep well look after your mates and I'll see you soon cheers good a mates this video is sponsored by Sleep HQ upload review and share your detailed cpat reports with anyone from anywhere visit sleep hq.com and join our free community today yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @taskman28 [6 likes]: I am a cpap user as well as a  type II diabetic and have been prescribed Ozempic for over 2 years. The shortage of this medication this year is crazy. In August I had to travel almost 3 hrs. one way to get my medication due to the shortage. Now, pharmacies are limiting the quantity from a 90-day supply to just a 30-day supply. This medication is also extremely expensive and without insurance it can cost over $1000/US per 30day supply.. Now it's very hard to get the medication and I even had to get a lower dosage due to the shortage. All this it due to ppl using this medication for weight-loss. This hurts the ppl who need it for health issues as type 2 diabetes.
  2. @VecksJanae [2 likes]: WeGovy is back in stock in the US just got some from my pharmacy today
  3. @iamintractable1805 [1 likes]: Same exact products, different dosages
  4. @peteben9635 [1 likes]: Pharmaceutical companies got together to produce enough covid vaccines for everyone in the world to take it, can't they use that same tenacity to produce more wegovy?
  5. @suave-rider [1 likes]: Wegovy has been out of stock for ages
  6. @JohnMutch [1 likes]: I was using Ozempic until they ran out and now I am on Mounjaro.
  7. @petergreenham7235 [1 likes]: Shortages of both also in Australia
  8. @doctorxring: CAVEAT EMPTOR to anyone using Wegovy or Ozempic.   Side can be horrendous.
  9. @mumenrider862: If you're a male over 50 and overweight, check your Testosterone.  If it's lower than 400, get a doc to put you on TRT.  You'll feel better, move more, lose weight, gain lean muscle and no side affects except a libido that your old lady won't be able to keep up with.  You may even gain confidence.  No, you will.  Yes, Women can take T too.
  10. @Smokey44-q8r: Have you ever did a video on the Dreamware full face mask cushion magnet leaks?Its my favorite mask but only last a few days before leaks out of the magnets? Maybe there is a way to fix the leaks but cant justify paying for a new mask every few days?
  11. @lasseandersen1955: Greetings from 🇩🇰👋

- WEGOVY: What You Didn’t Know!  Endocrinologist Explains: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys this is dr ahmet hergen i'm an endocrinologist and a diabetes educator today we are talking about we go be we gobi so this is a new weight loss drug but here's a trick it's the same molecule as a diabetes drug let's talk about it now hi guys thank you for watching uh quickly i have a quiz for you in the description below so after you watch this video take the quiz answer the questions the more questions you answer correctly the higher the chance and one in three will win a chapter from my book it's going to be delivered electronically to you a real chapter from my the ultimate diabetes book so go ahead finish the video take the quiz and win okay guys so this is not an advertisement okay it's new it is uh creating a lot of noise and i'm gonna talk about it because i feel like i have to open a doctor come on all right because if you don't hear from me you're gonna hear from someone you better hear from me so that you can get the right information so what is it for it's for weight loss why there's a lot of noise because their studies are pretty damn good for when it comes to weight loss i know i know you're gonna be like a duck you know just do keto and um you know just don't eat food you'll be okay well if that was the case there will be no obesity right so preaching is to a point works and after some point you're like you know what you gotta do something okay so if medication is needed sometimes it is needed not the first choice not the last choice but you need to know your options right so it is a molecule called semiglottis so some of glutathide is the same molecule in ozempic now you probably heard of ozanpik either on tv or you're on it or somebody's on it so it's a well-known medication for diabetes and it has been the strongest pretty much medication in terms of helping diabetes and the way semoglothide works is that it is an intestinal hormone so they basically mimic that intestinal hormone that is broken down by the body very quickly so you eat and that intestinal hormones really get released and that makes the insulin in the body and then disappears because you know it is designed to take care of that food ingestion now in overweight individuals in diabetics that mechanism is broken so in a way that they're either not responsive to their hormone anymore or they're just not making enough of it so as a result you know scientists come and say okay how are we gonna you know defeat that well we can make a molecule and we can prevent that molecule that is very similar or almost the same molecule as the intestinal hormone that our body makes but instead of letting that broken down it sticks around okay so as a result you know the action of that hormone continues now one of the most important action of that hormone is that it it keeps you the sense of satiety so it makes you feel full it's there are receptors in your gastrointestinal system all over your body brain the glt-1 receptors are pretty much everywhere and in the satiety center as well so there is direct relationship you can tell between the food we are ingesting and the rest of our body and the hormones released as a result of the the food we are eating when you take the molecule like this like a semi-gluotide you basically feel like you are constantly in a fed state so you feel like you're you don't need to eat isn't that great i mean it's great well we're gonna talk about side effects right so you're gonna be like it cannot be that great right there are of course downsides to it and we'll come to that now the reason that they changed the name not trying they're not trying to do a marketing trick or anything like that what they the reason they change the name is because it is a different molecule and is studied differently it is not studied in diabetic population it is studied in normal population actually and one of the difficult populations that we deal with every day is like the 45 50 year old middle-aged women trying to transition to menopause and their metabolism just boom hits the wall and they are like so desperate i feel so bad for him every day in my clinic i'm like i don't know what to tell you it's just that's the way it is you know like i can't i can't just tell you just stop eating the rest of your life now the thing is with this they increase the dose but what happens in a lot of medications you start a medication and people get used to it right and then if the maximum dose indicated in the label you cannot go any higher than that and you don't know if it is safe or not to go higher than that then you don't go highest you know higher those are so so with these what they did they did safety studies on thousands and thousands of people to make sure that even over a year the weight loss happened the weight loss was maintained and people tolerated in a safe manner so 80 to 90 of people i think 85 percent of people were able to complete this huge humongous very long study and they had of course double blind you know some people had placebos some people did not have plastic some people did have the real real thing and they wanted to see how much these people are losing weight and they even at some point stopped people from using this and they switched them over and to see what happens right so with we gooey people lost a lot of weight so around 15 percent of their body weight so 15 is a huge number to me and not just losing it and maintaining it now you're gonna be like doc you know how do you maintain do you have to stay on this medication forever well in a way unless you in time you decided that you don't want that the bad habits that you used to have that you used to crave those ice cream you used to crave those candies and you don't crave it anymore because you're on this drug uh and we're gonna do an unboxing in a second i'm just not holding this i'm gonna show you the real thing but the the bottom line is you will need to either stop those habits the bad habits that you used to have or stick to the drug you know i never say anybody that you have to stay on this forever but you can't stop it and if you can go without it and you can maintain the weight loss be my guest is forcing you to stay on any medication at all right so use medications as a supplementary right so same thing with herbal preparation same thing with anything you use extra to help your appetite your diabetes whatever so let's open this up let's see what is in there so i sneaked this out uh well not not me the the wrap so nobody has samples yet i don't have a sample in my office yet but i told the drug rapper i said look you know my my viewers are gonna be like wandering about this they're gonna eventually hear it on tv and all that and they're gonna be like doc what what about this here's the deal that is the box it comes in the four pin now what is the difference the difference from ozempic that it is not a multi-use pin they made this super easy and i'm gonna actually try to show you over here maybe i can put it right there now what they did is this is a single use pen 0.25 milligram is the starting dose and it goes all the way up to 2.4 and you increase the dose once a month and the reason for that is the side effects which we'll talk about in a second so you basically i don't even know how to use this pen by the way you know just to be honest oh there you go you just removed the cap you know common sense and then i think oh there's a needle there don't look don't look but they they hit it pretty well but if you really look and don't get too close to your eye but it's there anyways um i think it's smaller than to listen to the needle anyways this is listed until it's humongous all right so i'm going to push this just like that this is your skin let's say this is your belly and then you go you don't actually push here you basically push the whole thing against yourself against your body bam and then you hold it and it delivers the you see you can see the the liquid is going in and i think oh yeah i can see it's all wet here all right so and you can see it's yellow after it's complete you can see that it's all delivered and you're pretty much done and now what happens now you got the injection now you're like what did i do what's gonna happen am i gonna die no i don't think so i think you will be just fine now what's gonna happen is you will have probably some nausea especially within the first 48 hours okay now some people they're gonna be like uh nothing happened to me again everybody is different right so you can be big you can be small you can be a high metabolizer low metabolizer some people may have severe side effects that is pretty much a minority i would say you know people who are like vomiting and stuff is probably in my experience with semogula type which is the ozone the other drug with that dose in my experience is like maybe three percent or so you know i don't even remember the last time somebody vomited on these very elderly individuals are more susceptible you know people are on multiple drugs some people are on like 20 30 drugs and that's like a 31st drug you know that may be a problem right but overall it's pretty well tolerated and the good thing is the nausea tends to go away now what other side effects well cigars are intestinal hormone right it's like a new guy in the block you know you already have some gastrointestinal hormone and this guy is coming to your body and saying what to do so that's not welcomed always by your body and you end up getting some maybe diarrhea abdominal pain can happen but people tolerate this pretty well and the reason is they lose damn weight so when people lose weight they can take anything so but the thing is they also you know that tends to go away let's say you have a little abdominal pain you go for the second shot third shot by the fourth shot most of the time the the side effects go away unless they are super severe if you have this really severe side effects i wouldn't increase the dose i would stick to the same dose and maybe stay on the lower dose until the the side effects go away but definitely they tend to go away now what other side effects now uh occasionally people report headaches uh people sometimes report fatigue and people report all sorts of things uh but not common stuff you know people they may say oh i hallucinated i highly doubt that it is from this medication because it's not really reported but i don't tell people that you're lying or anything i'm not okay well if you think that causes hallucination then it's causes hallucination what can i say but but in real studies with the placebo-controlled studies you know i can tell you that the nausea abdominal pain diarrhea sometimes or constipation headaches fatigue are most common now who should not be using this drug at all well there's something called methylary thyroid cancer and and the pancreatic cancer now pancreatic cancer is kind of uncommon and medullary tyro cancer is even more uncommon now don't confuse the medullary tyro cancer with the regular thyroid cancer because regular tyro cancer is everywhere so medullary thyroid cancer is a unique type of cancer very rarely seen it's like a one in a million kind of situation but if you have a family history of it you know maybe you should stay away from this because the animal show that the rat studies uh that the cancer medullary thyroid cancer risk may go high or pancreatic cancer risk can go high so if you have pancreatic cancer in your family or medical retirement cancer definitely stay away from that but if you don't have any history your risk increase is going to be dismal i would say now the other thing is pancreatitis so if you had pancreatitis in the past especially if you don't know the origin why you had pancreatitis there are a few more cages out of a few thousand patients with pancreatitis pancreas inflammation which is presenting with severe abdominal pain and it can radiate to the back it can end up with vomiting and abdominal pain together so if you have those symptoms go to er but as i said you know this is something again very rare i don't even remember again last time i had a pancreatitis with ozempic but i hear that sometimes you know people start on you know semiglottite uh or other glp1 agents and end up with pancreatitis rarely that that's not unheard of retinopathy is another one that's reported so if you have an active eye disease like let's say you have bleeding in your eye because of diabetes the retina blood vessels have some glp1 and blood sugar changes also can induce there is a slight increase in progressive retinopathy not that if you if you have mild retinopathy or no retinopathy like eye disease diabetic eye disease it wouldn't cause problems according to studies but if you have progressive retinopathy bleeding already in your eye and stuff like that then it may make it a little bit worse potentially not for sure but potentially can make it a little bit more worse so these are the side effects guys but definitely the the weight loss is so far the best in the market and if you want to try what you have to do is you need to talk to your doctor if you have a private insurance not a medicare or medicaid in the united states i'm talking about you can talk to your doctor to order that for you it goes to a special pharmacy it is i don't know the deal because the the way the the company operates as they talk they told us that it has to go to a special pharmacy because sometimes using those coupons are like you know pulling teeth uh and the pharmacies are sometimes confused what to do so they try to centralize uh that so you know only a few pharmacies in your neighborhood may be doing that so your physician will probably know where to send it but in any ways guys uh this is by no means to promote this drug um the best weight loss is to work with your diet and exercise if you have a diabetes coach these are the best ways if you have a weight loss coach do it yourself as the best option but if your efforts of do it yourself have failed you tried also diets and you're not going anywhere sometimes you gotta pull the trigger and do something about it because it's your health instead of just staying overweight and unhealthy you have to do something about it so guys make sure you do the quiz below to show to prove that you have learned something and to win my chapter from my diabetes book and maybe potentially the entire book if you win enough times see you next time give a thumbs up like and share all right thank you for watching and i want you to be more informed and more educated so to do that go ahead and watch this next video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @SugarMDs [39 likes]: SugarMD Advanced Glucose Support is back—better than ever! https://sugarmds.com/product/sugarmd-advanced-glucose-support-new-improved-formula

𝐕𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐭 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬.𝐜𝐨𝐦 𝐨𝐫 𝐄𝐭𝐬𝐲.𝐜𝐨𝐦/𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐩/𝐬𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐝𝐬 (𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐧𝐨𝐧-𝐔𝐒𝐀 𝐜𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐫𝐬) 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐒𝐮𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐌𝐃 𝐝𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐝 𝐠𝐥𝐮𝐜𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐧𝐞𝐮𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭, 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐛𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞.
  2. @francis4845 [2 likes]: Starting on this a month ago. Lost 15 lb so far with no side effects. If I eat a bit too much I feel bloated right away. I have turned to more healthy foods & drink kefir for my gut. It has given me a psychological change too, so now I  avoid snacking & eating late in the day. It’s like giving up volume, I would feel very guilty if I ate too much in one sitting. I also take a short walk after each meal. I’m 76 and feel very healthy now.
  3. @keishajpmes1103: That was a good American accent lol
  4. @LindaM-b1e: So annoying.  ..
  5. @LindaM-b1e: Yea common sense..
  6. @LindaM-b1e: So talk
  7. @JH-si9oe: I wouldn't touch the stuff, read the side effects! Nhs are now dishing this out to people with heart problems. Crazy.
  8. @Vakator-29: lol why didn’t I hear about this when it came out?
  9. @jlodama4491: Good explanation, but your attitude 🙄 is annoying like you never been overweight and kind of making fun of people that needs to lose weight but anyway we appreciate the explanation
  10. @bjornjoseph: I finally got approved for wegovy. I'm so excited
  11. @JessicaKayGeary: I started this Saturday (today is day 4,) my dosage is .31 to start. So far, no major cravings, i try to hit thousand caleries daily but i feel full quick. Was extremely weak and slept a lot Saturday
  12. @billydenham9313: I'm a 6.1 ft tale, 49-year-old male with diabetes, high cholesterol, 267 pounds, Fatty Liver, High Blood Pressure, Neuropathy, Foot Ulcers & COPD. My diabetes isn't that bad my A1C was 6.3 the last time it was checked about 3 Months ago. My main problem right now is the foot ulcers. I can't get out and walk like I want to because it will make the ulcers crack open and there goes all the progress on getting them to heal. It's hard for me to lose any weight because I can't get out and walk. One doctor will tell me to exercise while my other doctor tells me to stay off my feet. I'm sort of stuck here. The other day my doctor prescribed me Wegovy and said it would help me lose weight, clear my fatty liver out and might get rid of the diabetes which would clear up the foot ulcers. Sounds like a "Miracle Drug" to me and I've never seen a "Miracle Drug" work the way they're cracked out to be. What do you think about my situation
  13. @Carol-be1eb: Thank you for your video this has helped 😊
  14. @Guessw8t: Ozempic did wonders for me - I have PCOS. Now my insurance won't cover it. I only stopped taking it because I got pregnant. My hormones regulated, I lost weight, and felt terrific. My pregnancy blew me up like a balloon, so I'm going to try Wegovy...Hopefully, I get the same results and no side effects
  15. @lukeh3183: Great video perhaps learn how to say the drugs name properly sem uh gloo tide
  16. @Guzzzr: You're a bit too goofy to take seriously
  17. @ClaireBad-Cow: 2 months in and i have lost no weight at all
  18. @annem08: Within a month I had horrible constipation and stopped after fourth injection. So disappointed
  19. @zaraaziz4670: I am starting WEGOVY as of today, can any one please share there experience with side effects other than nausea or diarrhea etc 

There is no life threatening side effects happened to any one ? I am just so scared 😢 
I am at 89kgs and will update in a week . But pls comment and motivate me with your experience
  20. @MeadowDay: Please can everyone on this describe or talk about the side effects.

- Ozempic vs Natural Weight Loss What's The Better Option For Women Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en OIC versus natural weight loss what's the better one for a woman over 40 so you hear all these negatives about gp1s I'm going to go first through some of the positives about them because I'm just kind of shocked at how much bad press is out there and if you start to really dig into the literature and you can do this go on to PubMed you're going to find out that gp1s do a lot more than just appetite suppression now we think of gp1 drugs for what they do for satiety and it is true they slow down stomach emptying so you feel Fuller longer and they also shut off what is now all over the media as food noise which can be cool because it can shut off not just food noise but what the research is showing is that might have set off other types of addictive things like shopping noise alcohol noise so we've got those two parts of it I think those have been talked about a lot what hasn't been talked about are some of the other benefits one of them being inflammation and quickly reducing systemic inflammation and one of them is helping with things like autoimmune diseases it's also can be good for mood now you've probably heard stuff out there saying oh it increases Suicidal Tendencies and depression actually the research is showing the opposite that it could be good for mood as well in fact I have one person I know who's on it who literally calls it his happy shot the other thing that it can do is it's it's being explored by Brian Johnson now is a longevity peptide and remember this ultimately is a peptide it's being used in drug form at higher doses in lower doses though you could be using this as a longevity peptide because of what it does for regeneration it can regenerate the cardiovascular system the heart the brain the kidneys and it also can help with bone and muscle you probably heard and we'll talk about the cons of of muscle loss but done correctly this can actually help your body build muscle and build bone it could also help get off of poly Pharmacy one of the things you're going to hear about gp1s is oh you'll have to be on it for life but here's the reality what if you were someone with morbid obesity who tried everything and couldn't lose the weight and you're on a high blood pressure medication you're on cholesterol medication maybe you're on Diabetes medication and you were able to utilize this to get into normal weight range and get off all those other medications but you had to stay on this for life I would argue that being on this for life at a lower dose versus being on a whole host of other medications is probably better and safer for you so there's some of the pros for why glp1 Agonist drugs can be helpful and my flip is always going to be the drug is using a higher dose of it what would happen if you used the lowest dose you possibly need it in in more of a compounded form more on that in a moment what about the cons so one things you'll hear about using these drugs is that you can lose a lot of muscle here's what I'll tell you about that any poorly designed diet with extreme caloric restriction will cause muscle loss anywhere from 20 to 50% so yes that's true is it the drug or is it the poorly designed diet it will be the poorly designed diet and here it can be a especially problematic cuz if you're using a higher dose of this and you shut down satiety signals you are going to really have to make sure you're getting in protein the protein that you need or potentially don't use as high of a dose so you still have some of that signaling going on the next thing you're going to need to make sure of is that you're exercising so whenever someone goes on caloric restriction they have to make sure that they're getting optimal protein and they're doing resistance training if you're not doing those two things with caloric restriction whether you're using a glp1 Agonist or not you will lose muscle and in fact in most diets with chloric restriction you will lose a little bit of muscle the goal is for it to be 10% or less as you're getting closer to your goal weight if you're someone who is morbidly obese then you're going to lose muscle and fat because you also have some of your lean tissue is supporting that fat as you get closer to goal weight you really want to minimize that skeletal muscle loss ideally hold on to it or build it one of the other issues with the cons is that often times the dosing is higher than it needs to be and that someone's put on this drug without putting the right lifestyle habits in place first I'm going to talk about that in a second um and then of course the expense now here's the reality the drug costs are so much different in our country than in other countries or in compounding pharmacy situations so it's interesting in some of the other countries that the drug cost is a tenth of what it is here so maybe we need to ask about that here's what's crazy about all this whether you're on a glp1 Agonist drug or a glp1 compounded peptide you're going to want to be using the strategies I'm going to share right now to make sure that if you are working on weight loss that that weight loss is primarily fat loss with minimal amounts of fat-free Mass loss mostly the fat-free la Mass loss would be that supporting the fat which is about 3% and very little skeletal muscle mass loss so whether you're on a glp1 Agonist or not here's what you're going to want to make sure that you're doing and ideally before you would ever go on a glp1 drug you would have to show that you're doing these things consistently to qualify to be able to use the drug think about how different that would be it's like you have to earn the right to use this drug number one you need to make sure that you are getting in protein I have a range I have with people of 7 to 1 gram but when you are focusing on fat loss I like to push it a little higher even higher than 1 gram for a couple different reasons number one protein is thermic so it is the most thermic of the three macronutrients fat doesn't take much for it to be assimilated onto your body it's like 3% or less of the calories from fat are utilized in the metabolism of fat carbohydrates at about 5 to 10% Pro protein is 20 to 30% of those calories from protein are used in the digestion and assimilation of protein so muscle protein synthesis is a very expensive process so the first thing we want to make sure of is that you're eating optimal protein it's going to help your body naturally raise glp1 it's going to help you um have a better thermic response and you also are going to be more satiated and more satisfied because it's giving you these essential amino acids that can help with with not just satiety but satisfaction reducing the Cravings so that's the first piece the second piece is that you've got to be moving more all throughout the day that you're tracking your activity level and making sure that you're getting in that 8,000 steps or more each day average person is getting like 3 to 4,000 steps in a day so we're moving more and then number three that we're making sure we're getting resistance training in so that you are giving the stimulus your body needs to hold on to or build muscle while you're losing fat super duper important so you've got all of that as that Foundation then you work with a an integrative dock a functional medicine dock to be able to utilize the lowest amount of this peptide as possible now here's the question mark turns out that if you're obese if you have fatty liver if you have insulin resistance which I probably just named 93% of the population we now know that less than 7% of the population is metabolically healthy probably a third of the population has fatty liver disease well if you have fatty liver disease if you're obese if you're insulin resistant you probably also are either glp1 resistant meaning your body can't hear the signal to it or you're not producing what you should be producing and so what we want to make sure of is that while you're doing any of this peptide therapy you're also doing you can to get your body back to Baseline one of the cool things gp1s do is they start to quickly improve insulin sensitivity they start to have your body release insulin at the right times not all the time but they also start to help to improve insulin sensitivity of course we also know resistance training does that too so we'll be attacking this problems from both sides and we're reducing inflammation which is super important for your body to be able to build muscle because inflammation blocks muscle protein synthesis so first thing is using the lowest amount of this peptide is possible what I see with a lot of these drugs versions of it the OIC manaro Etc is their starting dose is high when you work with a compounding pharmacist then you can start with a low dose and use the least amount to get the the effect that you need which is really the goal and ideally you're using other things alongside it that could help raise glp1 so we know that fiber and protein do that exercise does it as well getting good sleep does it as well eating earlier in the day can help as well so eating per the Circadian rhythm but there's also a couple nutrients that can help here one of them is a product called curb this is a product from New Zealand they spent 10 years researching it's a bitter Ops hops product that they patented and they found that it could raise glp1 for 4 to 6 hours after taking it which is pretty substantial so that's one thing that you can try cuz I would love to see you doing the things that naturally will help your body produce this um and using the lowest dose of the peptide the other thing that you can use is allulose allulose is a rare sugar that doesn't doesn't get absorbed by the uh small intestine but doesn't cause any GI distress either doesn't raise blood sugar in fact it can lower it and raises glp1 so you could could try this is a sweetener 10 G before a meal as the way to do this and you can also try something called Himalayan Tarter buckwheat this is something my buddy Dr Jeff Bland discovered and it is an bitter extract that can raise gp1 as well so there's some things you can do here naturally to support this as you are working through this so you start with the lowest dose you raise it only as much as you need to to again shut off the food noise and improve the Sati you monitor your blood sugar you check your overall inflammation and you see how you're feeling with it and as you're going along one of the things you really want to make sure that you're doing is checking your skeletal muscle and checking your body fat so here's how you do this ideally the first thing you're going to do before you ever start on this is you go get either a dexa scan or something called an inbody scan now I prefer the dexa because the Dex is going to be the um most valid but what you're really looking for is a relative change so if you can't get to a dexa scan which is another way we look at bone mineral density but it's also looking at skeletal muscle mass body fat and then where that body Fat's located if you can't do that an inbody is the second best choice and then you monitor this at home with a biome pedance scale and these are pretty inexpensive you can get one for under a hundred bucks and a tape measure and the reason I want you to do a tape measure is because that will help you really monitor your visceral adapost tissue how much fat you have around your abdominal area and you want to make sure that as you are losing weight you're losing your waist I like to say if you're losing weight but not losing your waste you're making yourself worse not better and what you want to ideally get to is your waist being half or less of your height and if you're a man your waist hip ratio should be one or less for a woman point 8 or less you're going to monitor all the way along because this will tell you if you're losing fat or you're losing muscle and again you want to make sure you're holding on to muscle as you're losing fat and the way you're doing that is making sure you're getting in that protein and you're doing that resistance training a little hack that you can do if you're having challenges getting in enough protein is to supplement as well with some essential amino acids because these don't have the calories so you won't have the satiety issues that you would have with the protein powder that's another thing that you can do there as well couple other things that can help here and again whether you're on a gp1 or not these are all the things that you want to do they become even more important as you're on a glp1 number one is of course insuring optimal protein when I'm working with someone they have to be tracking and using a food scale we underestimate how much we eat overall but I think we also overestimate how much protein we're getting in I was just coaching someone and they said oh no I get in a lot of protein and I go well tell me what you had for breakfast and they said I had a couple oatmeal and an egg well that was about eight S to eight grams of protein right so if you are monitoring this by recording it into an a tracking app that's going to tell you exactly what you're doing and you're weighing in your food there's no error in there because it's not possible so you're going to measure everything and and track it you're going to eat protein first to make sure it gets in then you're going to be eating your vegetables and fiber next because what we're really trying to do is recondition that gut microbiome so it can produce the glp1 that you want it to produce something that can also help there is the probiotic acromania that's been found to help the gut produced glp1 and then you also want to make sure that you are not eating Ultra processed food that you're really swapping out the majority of that apparently now it's like 70% of our diet of the average person's diet in the US is ultrapress food swap that out for eating as minimally processed as possible because it's going to be more thermic and have more fiber and the other one you want to swap out are those seed oils because they can contribute to the inflammation and the insulin resistance basically we're trying to crowd out some of that bad stuff that could have gotten you into this problem in the first place with the good stuff one other piece of this that you probably wouldn't think about in terms of weight loss is hydration but if you are just mild dehydrated it can actually contribute to storing more fat more visceral adapost tissue because mild dehydration not only raises cortisol and slows down metabolism a bit it also causes your body to take glycogen from the liver and turn it into fructose and store it as fat so that you'll have you'll have fluid there for for when you get super dehydrated so we want to make sure we're staying well hydrated using that scale at home the biomed scale can help help you track that as well but super duper important now we are using the minimal amount of glp1 that needed or you might even find as you're deploying all these tactics that you're able to get far enough with the allulose or the calocurb or the htb and all the diet changes that you don't even need it um and some of those things can help you if you are in a transition state with the um G LP 1es to transition down off of them as well and you might find that you get to a point where you're using gp1s every other week once a month uh in order to keep some things at Bay I find people are using them now successfully to lower autoimmune disease to lower inflammation to lower some of the osteoarthritic issues so I think we're going to start to hear of of gp1s for a lot of other issues but again can we help our body create more of it ourselves through the things like the acromania and the HTP and the the cow curb one other piece of the puzzle it's not talked about a lot that's super important here is we are using these products so that we can drop body fat and there's two sides to that coin what we now know is that you're better off having higher body fat with more muscle than you are having low body fat and low muscle now the best place of all is to have good muscle with low body fat but if you had to choose higher body fat with more muscle is better than no muscle no body fat so one of the things that we want to make sure of is that you're holding on to or building muscles you're doing this but you're also going to be losing fat and one of the challenges is in our body fat this is where we store toxins and as you are dropping this body fat you want to make sure that you're getting the toxins out of your body because it is very dangerous to have high circulating toxins so there's a couple different things that you can do to support that you're already doing it in the diet by eating protein we need protein to escort the toxins out of the body and by getting in that that fiber which traps the traps the toxins and helps us get them out and poop the other thing we're doing is drinking a lot of fluids of course we talked about why you need to stay well hydrated but again one of the ways we get toxins out or two of the ways is sweat and pee other things that you can do to help here are to dry brush and then also to sweat and you can sweat either through sauna or exercise or ideally both super important there but we want to make sure that as you're dropping this fat that you're also dropping the toxins alongside it now as you're losing weight there can be a tendency you hear people hit plateaus or they start to gain weight you also need to make sure that you can continue to keep that activity level up because sometimes as we cut calories we tend to move less we want to make sure you're keeping your 8,000 steps or more each day you're keeping that resistance training going because if you lose muscle you'll also of course slow down your metabolism so keep the metabolism up by moving more throughout the day by doing that resistance training and the final word of course is sleep is Mission critical here as well because just one poor night of sleep you're insulin resistant so sleep goes hand in hand with all these strategies so here's the bottom line on all of this gp1s can be a great support system for helping you start to lose the fat off your body shut off the food noise reduce the inflammation improve the insulin sensitivity however they need to be done in conjunction with all of the strategies I talked about the process should be the strategies come first then the glp1 can come in what we've been doing is the opposite and that's where we've created a lot of the problems because people will start to use the glp1 and go screw it I don't need the strategies because I'm losing weight but they don't realize that what they're losing is muscle not fat and then they get to a point where they're where they want to be weightwise except they look like a smaller version of themselves and they've slowed down their metabolism and caused metabolic adaptation and made themselves worse not better so put the strategies in place then see if you actually need the glp1 if you do start with the lowest dose possible this probably won't be something that you can get from a traditional doctor with an RX because it's too high of a dose go as low as possible use a compounding pharmacy and a functional medicine practitioner to do so and see how much you need so here's what's important is you can only lose about a half percent to a percent of your body and body fat each week so you want to be really careful and looking at how much weight you want to lose to make sure that you're not going for rapid weight loss because rapid weight loss means muscle loss not fat loss it is why it's so important for you to track all along the way using a bance machine and check-ins with a dexa or an inbody in a doctor's office but ideally let's say that you are 200 lb and you'd like to be 150 lb you look at this and go okay I can only lose a half percent to a percent of my body weight each week Max that's what you want to look at and for muscle mass you'd be lucky if you're looking at putting on muscle mass you might be able to put on a half pound to a pound of muscle a month it's a very slow thing so ideally you're you're working on doing this slowly and if you find that when you're on a glp1 drug you're starting to lose weight quickly back off the dose you're using too high of a dose it's messed with your appetite too much and you've got to slow it down because if you're losing weight quickly you're not losing body fat you're losing muscle mass and that is going to make you worse in the long run not better the last thing that you want to do is lose muscle then go off the drugs then gain back fat you just created a bigger problem than you started with I'm on a mission to help you age powerfully and of course optimizing your body composition is one of those important tools and the key thing for aging powerfully is muscle skeletal muscle so if you've liked what you've heard here be sure to subscribe to my channel like this video and check out the next video below

  Top Comments:
  1. @jennaay78 [1 likes]: I have been on GLP1 off and on for almost a year in a half, started when I turned 45 after being well over weight for my entire adult life.  I have never felt better, mentally and physically.  I lost 45 pounds and lost no muscle mass.  I went off my antidepressants, pretty much quit drinking, my joints stopped hurting, I started sleeping better, and I even started running for the first time in my life.  The only side effect I have is a bit of nausea the day after I take my shot.  I know not everyone is so lucky to have such minimal symptoms but to me this has been an absolute miracle.  I feel like I was missing something and the shot just replaced it...kind of like a diabetic who needs insulin or someone with anemia needs iron.  Whenever I stop the shot then all the food and alcohol cravings come back and the depression, joint pains, and crappy sleep start setting in again.
  2. @chantalbouchard3770 [1 likes]: Very very informative!! Thank you!!
  3. @SamanthaC1919: I’m actually really glad I decided not to take GLP one I went for weightlifting heavyweight and then did a couple of cycles of Ipamorelin and the results are incredible. I went four years without working out after having my son gained so much weight within three months. I lost over 40 pounds of fat and gained 10 pounds of muscle and I don’t think I’ve ever looked better in my life. I’m down to a size 2, and all it took was consistency and progressive overload. I really didn’t change my diet at all if anything I’m eating more but it’s helping me gain muscle and I’m one of those women who have always had muscle and I think I look better with it. I don’t like being super skinny. I like the nice muscular legs muscular arms. I think it’s sexy. The workout I did was Caroline Gervin. She’s absolutely amazing and she definitely knows what she’s doing.
  4. @Californiagirlsaves: What app
  5. @PattiRamos-hu6vh: Very informative and helpful!!❤
  6. @lindalara-torres56: Very informative,  thank you
  7. @mcColorado4890: I am 2 months in to using a GLP1 and am losing on average a pound a week. I started under the official dose and stayed there for about 6 weeks.  I did move up a little, but now I’m just barely over the official starting dose.  I’m hoping to stay here as long as possible.  I appreciate all the tips for boosting GLP1 naturally!
  8. @MsGlamazon: I had a Gsstric Bypass if GLP1’s back then I’d have taken d jab.  I love your books JJ have d virgin diet and the sugar impact diet.  I use the virgin diet keeps my inflammation down.  You are a genius.

- Natural Ozempic Alternatives In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en have you been told about the glp1 drugs like OIC wovi aaro or zap bound they're being held as the miracle cure for weight loss but what the ads don't tell you is that these drugs come with a heavy price financially and physically and just to make sure you have options I'm here to share natural alternatives that can help you lose weight safely and effectively without the long list of dangerous side effects so if that resonates with you please share this video with anyone you know who's considering these drugs or are already using them this information will give them an opportunity to better justify rather they should be using these drugs so so why does this matter well as an obesity doctor I've seen the struggle people face in trying to lose weight it's real and it's frustrating that's why I feel obligated to share the full picture about go1 drugs yes they can help you lose weight but they come with risks that are often downplayed and the truth is there are natural alternatives that can mimic the same mechanisms that these drugs use without the severe side effects let's dig deeper so what are the problems with gop1 drugs number one the side effects here's some of the alarming list of side effects associated with gop1 drugs pancreatitis that's when you have inflammation of the pancreas which can be life-threatening thyroid cancer studies show a potential link between medary thyroid thyroid cancer and this drug gastric paralysis these drugs delay gastric emptying I've even had patients coincidentally end up with a bow of struction shortly after starting these drugs muscle loss up to 50% of weight loss comes from muscle not fat which is dangerous for your long-term Health mental health risk there's an increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors eye complications retinopathy immaculate EMA can occur which can lead to negative effects on your vision or even vision loss and other issues like nausea vomiting severe gastrointestinal discomfort gall stones and even kidney failure and trust me this is just a partial list number two financial and practical concerns beyond the health risk the financial costs are staggering many of you already know this and even if your insurance covers is the co-pay can still cost hundreds of dollars so if your insurance decides they don't want to cover it this could be a tremendous burden on your bank account and number three the weight loss is impermanent studies show that 80% of people regain the weight after stopping the drug I see this over and over again and when people stop stop the drug they tend to gain that weight back now let's talk about the mechanism of action gop1 drugs mimic the hormone glucagon like peptide one it works by reducing appetite by affecting the satiety centers in the brain it slows gastric EMP in keeping you feeling full longer and improves insulin sensitivity helping you to regulate your blood sugar now that you know how it works and its potential side effects wouldn't it be nice to have another way to get the benefits of these drugs without having to deal with the potential side effects or costs what if I told you there are natural ways to achieve these same effects here are some natural alternatives with similar mechanisms of action number one the ketogenic diet always start with what you put on your plate the ketogenic diet is one of the most powerful tools for weight loss because it naturally mimics many effects of geo1 drugs keto suppresses your appetite it does this by stabilizing blood sugar and promotes Ketone production which directly signals the brain to reduce hunger keto improves insulin sensitivity by drastically lowering carbohydrate intake keto helps your body use insulin more effectively addressing the root cause of weight gain for many people keto preserves muscle unlike glp1 drugs keto diet promotes fat loss while maintaining lean muscle mass number two intermittent fasting fasting is another natural way to mimic gop1 effects how fasting leads to appetite regulation it does this by by Lauren gin the hunger hormone while increasing satiety with hormones like leptin fasting also slows gastric emptying extended fasting can slow digestion much like gop1 drugs but without the risk of gastric paralysis and improve metabolism fasting promotes autophagy a cellular cleanup process that enhances metabolic Health number three of course I had to mention this the Conor diet for those who prefer Simplicity like me the Kore diet focuses on nutrient Den animal Foods reduces inflammation stabilizes blood sugar and naturally suppresses appetite like a lion who only eats once or twice a week Conor simply don't need to eat as often avoiding the grazing that many animals have to do on a plant-based diet and as an FYI the Conor diet is particularly effective for people with mental illness neurodegenerative diseases like huntingtons and Alzheimer's and cancer number four exercise while often overlooked exercise especially when doing strength training provides profound benefits it preserves muscle mass and unlike gop1 drugs which causes muscle loss strength training builds and maintains lean muscle exercise also helps regulate blood sugar by enhancing your body's ability to use glucose improving insulin sensitivity and the more muscle you get from exercises the higher your metabolic rate number five satiety per calorie method abbreviated SPC I learned about this Innovative method from Dr einfeld of the DI doctor website via his new website called Hava doco this is an Innovative food based approach similar to glp1 drugs with real food instead of pharmaceuticals using data from over 67,000 days of eating logged in the Hava app and SPC helps you eat few calories Naturally by focusing on foods that are more satiating per calorie the SPC method has shown a strong correlation between higher SPC scores and reduced calorie intake by shifting to high SPC Foods users are eating nearly half as many calories as those consuming low SPC Foods this approach could yield weight loss and metabolic improvements similar to glp1 drugs but without nausea muscle loss and financial strain if you're interested in this Innovative approach I'll have a link in the video notes number six natural supplements as a doctor with a masters in nutrition and functional medicine I've learned that there are are times when supplements add value although I always encourage my patients to choose diet over supplements here are a few that have similar effects as gop1 drugs let's start with berberine a natural compound compound that improves insulin sensitivity and reduces blood sugar levels often called Nature's metformin in fact for my patients who don't tolerate metformin this is the supplement I usually encourage them to try apple cider vinegar which works by slowing gastric emptying and helping you to stabilize your blood sugars most of my patients take about a tablespoon a day but if you do make sure to dilute it in water since it's so acidic anasl particularly effective for women with cosos an acetal can regulate insulin and support healthy weight loss Jima sylvestra known as the sugar Destroyer this helps to reduce sugar Cravings by blocking sugar receptors in the taste buds much like glp1 drugs reduce appetite it also helps improve insulin sensitivity and lowers blood sugars by increasing glucose intake in cells and reducing glucose absorption in the intestine as a result it supports appetite control enhances insulin function aiding and fat loss in blood sugar regulation and it reduces overall calorie intake naturally a suggested dose is 400 to 600 milligram daily and lastly five hydroxy tryptophane five hydroxy tryptophane is a precursor to serotonin which plays a role in appetite regulation and satiety by increasing serotonin levels it helps suppress hunger particularly cravings for carbohydrates much like gop1 drugs work on satiety centers in the brain it therefore leads to a reduction in appetite and emotional eating it helps to regulate mood which can positively influence eating behavior and it may even improve sleep which indirectly supports weight loss by reducing hunger hormones like grin it's usually recommended to take 50 to 100 milligram before meals but doses up to 300 milligrams are used under guidance all of these supplements offer mechanisms that align with the appetite suppression and Insulin regulation effects of Geo P1 drugs but with significantly fewer risk and side effects they can be excellent additions to a natural weight loss plan when pair with dietary and lifestyle changes but always remember when adding supplements only do one at a time that way before you add another you'll be sure to know if your body can tolerate it here's another obvious one sleep and Stress Management poor sleep and chronic stress disrupt hunger hormones and make weight loss harder prioritizing quality sleep and managing stress can have a similar appetite regulating effect as gop1 drugs here's the bottom line these Alternatives work because they address the root cause of weight gain such as insulin resistance inflammation and hormone imbalances gop1 drugs treat symptoms but fail to address these underlying issues for example keto and intermittent fasting restore metabolic Health by lowering insulin levels and stabilizing blood sugars strength training builds muscle which increases in sensitivity and burns fat more effectively so here are my takeaways number one you must understand that losing weight sometimes comes with struggle weight loss isn't easy and it never has been this video isn't about shaming anyone for using gop1 drugs if you've tried everything and feel these medications are the last resort I totally understand but before you make that decision consider the Alternatives as an obesity doctor I'll walk with you no matter what choice you make my goal is to give you options Empower you with knowledge and help you make the best decision for your health and with the new year around the corner now is the perfect time to take charge of your health so instead of risking the side effects of gop1 drugs Why not start with tools that are safer more affordable and sustainable so if you found this video helpful share this video with anyone who needs to hear this message together we can create awareness and Inspire others to take a natural sustainable approach to weight loss let's make 2020 the year where we prioritize health over hype and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrTonyHampton [63 likes]: Link to HAVA: https://www.hava.co/
  2. @AlphaM-4u [4 likes]: i like the way you present a fact. No fluff, no beating around the bush. Straight to the point. One other method of mimicking GLP-1  drug is a drink of cumin, cinnamon and psyllium husk. This is a wonderful appetite suppressor. It works for me so that I can very easily do One meal a day.
  3. @TJB-zt9tx [3 likes]: The side effects of trizepitide are minimal, well worth using.
Walking 3x a week, lifting 2x a week, taking berberine, turmeric, cinnamon and bergamot. My weight won't budge.
  4. @georgeduke8597 [3 likes]: Thanks, Dr. Tony for your clarity!
  5. @mrslminns [1 likes]: Hello.👋🏽 
What would you suggest for auto-immune disease patients???
We need help with inflammation, joint inflammation pain relief, weight loss, fatigue …
Please help!! Any suggestions
  6. @yolandacamargoaponte2658: 🤡 y cual es la plancha Carolina
  7. @lindapetty2502: Excellent Information!
  8. @Rubina-l7n: the SPC framework is genuinely underrated and i think it bridges a gap most weight loss content misses. the problem is that for a lot of people, especially those with years of insulin resistance built up, even optimizing every meal for satiety per calorie doesn't move the needle the way they expect. i did the berberine plus high-protein, high-fiber approach for close to 4 months before finally trying compounded semaglutide through Form Blends. the food noise reduction alone changed how the dietary stuff actually worked for me. now the SPC principles feel sustainable in a way they never did when i was fighting hunger signals every single day.
  9. @Merajkhalid-z3q: really appreciate the berberine and inositol breakdown, been on compounded sema through formblends and still layer in the dietary SPC stuff alongside it because they genuinely stack
  10. @moood47: is there any cure for food noise?
  11. @kimmcginnis4979: A year late .. can you recommend brands to buy of the supplements?
  12. @badger9965: I tried Ozempic, nasty side effects! Quit after a month, lost zero weight on it. Then I did carnivore/keto and intermittent fasting, lost 50lbs in 3 months. No loose skin, due to autophogy! I'm never hungry on Carnivore!
  13. @jennieosborne3530: I just got done giving away almost all of my pants. I never had a problem with obesity until I had radio active iodine done to me. Then I have had too many surgeries. I want to lose the weight and keep it off.
  14. @angeliaewington9807: Thank you. I was wondering about this topic.
  15. @katg6542: Can I have apple cider vinegar with having GERD & divertiticulosis ? I’m menopausal and have an extremely hard time losing weight.
  16. @mckenna9489: It seems it's an ongoing expensive cycle to take monjaro ect..my friend lost all the weight she needed as soon as she stopped injections she put it back on again.
  17. @PrathLorna-h5d5s: tuyệt, thank
  18. @CherrieLaniTV: Which berberine is best?
  19. @damikey85: Someone told me about these weight loss pills. They may work fast but like you said the side effects. The older I get, the less I want to put just anything in my body. Yeah sure I loss weight but now I got to walk around like I’m 99. Nope. I’ll do it the old fashioned way, eating healthier and exercising and natural supplements.
  20. @Kam-nm8mz: ❤

- Berberine: Nature's Ozempic?: Kind: captions Language: en berberine I'm more of a scotch guy myself so but let's see where this goes I know berberan not bourbon oh right of course yeah burn hot social media topic it's hot social media topic it's an ancient Chinese medicine that's been around for centuries do you remember that commercial ancient Chinese secret from the 70s yeah yes Calgon yeah yeah okay so where does it come from plants yes 100 plants Goldenseal gold thread sounds like a James Bond movie yeah Oregon grape so yeah it's this bitter tasting yellow extract argon grapes are going to end up in some wine or something I don't think so to be honest with you so don't use that as a reason to drink wine but yeah from a bunch of different plant supplements been around for thousands of years made lots of claims but definitely a role in Chinese medicine it's been around for thousands of years but finally seeing light a day because of the internet and social media yes and I think because people have lost faith in traditional medicine a little bit people are looking for other ways to more naturally deal with their health and also so we've talked about this before people are always looking for a hack how to live longer how to lose weight how to maybe eat poorly but still be okay okay well don't go away the ending of this video is this stuff great or what we're gonna find out if this stuff is really what it's all cut out to be so what are the claims what are these taking help I mean they call it Nature's ozempa right because of weight loss it can cause weight loss so everyone's saying oh you can lose weight with this it can help your cardiac health it can help your PCOS symptoms can lower your cholesterol yeah it's anti-inflammatory benefits all these amazing things I'm going to start taking it right away it really is amazing okay okay so how does it work okay first of all it's not Nature's ozempic because ozampic and berberine have completely different mechanisms of action right now we don't fully understand bourbon's mechanism of action but we do understand ozempic's mechanism of action and ozempic binds to The glp-1 receptors in your cells giving you the feeling that you're full even when you're not full after eating your stomach's the standard is it sends out a hormone that makes you feel like your stomach's distended so you eat less it has a ton of side effects associated with it we've talked about it before in another video with someone who knows what they're talking about with this epic and here's a hot tip so we looked in part of the research for this video but things that normally increase glp1 this is a little bit of a side kind of issue so things that improve glp-1 release or action are naturally occurring so glucose we obviously can't tell people just to eat glucose but if you eat complex carbohydrates like potatoes and sweet potatoes that some people say oh don't ever eat any carbohydrates complex carbs actually release glucose very slowly along the entire length of your intestine their receptors there that gel LP will be released from so that's the first thing second thing peptides and amino acids so proteins these other macronutrients cause glp 1 to go up and cause you to feel full maybe this is actually why people that are on heavy duty Ketone carnivore diets actually feel better and lose weight and the last one is short chain free fatty acids so we're not going to tell people to eat diets high in fat necessarily but interestingly fiber when it is consumed in a healthy diet there are bacteria in your gut fermentable bacteria that break down the fiber into short fatty acids that cause glp-1 and this is one reason why you feel full so there's ways to hack your own glp-1 okay so let's get back to Burger thank you Bill Nye the Science Guy okay okay so we talked about ozempix mechanism of action and berberine acts completely differently it's more like a metformin action where it activates the amp K enzyme pathway not to get too complicated but it sort of helps uh the role of insulin in your body helps your body to stop being so insulin resistant right and that's sort of we thought to be the mechanism there so they're completely different mechanisms of action so it's not Nature's ozampic even though everyone's still going to call it for a long because it was Hendrix just men in the last three months it's gone crazy is there any good scientific evidence to support its role in weight loss so I would say in defense of the poor research because there is almost none to be very honest with you most of the studies that have shown that bourbon has benefit are very small studies short follow-up studies and poorly run studies we've taught our viewers many different videos on how to assess the quality of a research paper or a research project just because a study shows something it doesn't mean it's truth okay science has a big gray area and if you compare out there the number of studies that are high quality well done with no bias compared to the number of studies that are poor quality loaded with bias and not very well performed there's way more bad studies out there than good studies so you really need to critically appraised the studies you're you're looking at so as it stands now the studies that support bourbon are small numbers low quality poorly executed studies and not sort of gold standard studies that expose truth right and this is the trouble twos on social media lots of other um medical practitioners or even non-medical practitioners will code these things and say hey this study showed a small reduction weight loss this study showed a small reduction in cholesterol they don't compare them to the gold standard they don't follow them appropriately even the anti-inflammatory one there was a good study that showed it didn't reduce your C-reactive protein your interleukin-6 which are measures of inflammation the one I would say that there's some borderline evidence for us maybe the PCOS people with insulin resistance and again by mechanism that's not totally understood but having said that metformin is one of the first achievements for PCOS insulin resistant so you got to put it up against the gold standard to make a claim right metformin's been around a long time it's a prescription medication it's not very expensive it's cheap it's pretty safe yeah and uh it it is the gold standard right right now that we have for managing those sort of disorders so the evidence supporting bourbon use right now is weak okay so who cares maybe it could still work because even though there's not a lot of evidence to support it yes but one of the issues that you have to be careful about is the supplements are not super well regulated by regulatory bodies like FDA or health Canada right they're not at all in fact you can put out a supplement you don't need an FDA approval however if a problem occurs with it and there's safety concerns that do occur then the FDA will step in and investigate it just just like Prime energy in Canada last week was recalled because of the amount of caffeine in a single serving we weren't sure what they were going to do we thought they're going to change the labeling but they have temporary withdrawn at Kansas really aggressive the US is not done they're looking into it but yeah we've withdrawn it for now right so you have to be careful when you're taking a supplement recognizing the fact that it is not super well regulated so there's not people out there who are looking out for your best interests with these supplements and that's important because there are some risks associated with bourbon yes which one of the big things is it crosses the placenta right which means do not use it if you're pregnant and generally speaking when you're pregnant you have to be a thousand times more careful with anything that you put in your body obviously like we've learned smoking drinking drugs and supplements even certain foods you have to eat raw fish kind of thing you have to be very very careful because you have another growing human being inside your body you have to be very careful talk to your family doctor before you take any something yeah but definitely don't use bourbon if you're prepared and that's because of its role in the cholesterol metabolism pathway which is one of their claims but it can cause increased bilirubin and cause something that's very dangerous called carnicious where bilirubin increases in the newborn baby yeah and that can have neurologic effects but of course bilirubin is an issue with newborns that's why some babies are born jaundice they go under the light so you definitely don't want to use it then and other things that can happen with it it can it can cause diarrhea constipation give you gas it always makes me nervous when something causes both loose stool and not enough yeah you're going to be spending a lot of time on the toilet yeah should I stay or should I go now I'm glad you said you should I wasn't sure where you're going with that on as a family channel Jesus now the gas and the up the gas might definitely cause your partner to lose weight but it's probably not going to help you lose weight right um just because they're loser appetite so what's the take-home message for Berber the take home message is there's no quick fix there's nothing beating exercise and monitoring the food that you take into your body okay and when it comes to food I would love to save because we have lots of videos about food and food choice and things like that there's no one exactly right diet everybody is so different even the way we process foods what it does to our blood sugars with certain foods it's all very very different so you have to experiment a little bit and just because it worked for one person doesn't mean it's going to work for you and and a strict diet is not necessarily the answer so be sensible one one thing that I think is universal across any diet or no matter what you're doing is portion control sure reduce the volume right food really eat too many calories it's probably going to be a problem okay so there's no replay there's no quick fix no matter what you read on social media I can take this pill and go crazy forget about exercise and eat whatever I want it's not going to happen so that's the one message is exercise and monitoring the food you take in are the most important things if you're trying to lose weight and live healthy and the third take-home message is with these supplements they're not regulated there's no FDA or Health Care regulation over these supplements so you're kind of on your own yep and it wasn't a big deal 20 years ago when supplements would come out because they couldn't spread like wildfire Because the Internet wasn't there to fuel it yes now very topical though with fires we have in our country yes we do sorry sorry for reusing that dangerous pun but um because of social media now these things can spread across like crazy and so that's our job on social media to temper that Wildfire another thing that's not tempered is someone else's motivation to get you to take a supplement by providing a link in their video saying Hey buy this one buy that one it's also very dangerous and there's unfortunately no real accountability so proceed with Kasha if you want to try it that's up to you talk to your doctor monitor your symptoms carefully and proceed with caution there you go if you like this video please like it subscribe to our Channel next week we'll do Scotch there's no evidence and remember you are in charge of your own health sorry Scotland we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @brendaclark8450 [1 likes]: Can anyone tell me what FDA is the acronym for? Is it (Federal dummy down America)?
  2. @loublue552 [1 likes]: Big drug studies are PAID FOR by big pharma.  They are not going to investigate the benefits of supplements.
  3. @roexvt630: What a ridiculous video! Metformin has so many side effects, there are thousands and thousands of comments on different videos that real people have commented on stating the many side effects from the drug.
Contrary, there are just as many comments stating how Berberine worked to help control their diabetes with no or limited side effects. You can put all your trust in the Medical Industry, they are all about profit and your health is an afterthought. Natural supplements for the most part, work to help heal the body for the long term.
  4. @KINGSPOINT.NY.2024: Another lesson learned. So many MDs in the net but you guys are my GOLD STANDARD...Starting my Jardiance/ Metformin meds today...getting Berberine / Cranberry capsules / B12 / Cholestoff as supplement... Here we go! Lets see how all this works together for a better health...with 20 minutes walking everuy after meals (2 meals a day) and 3x a week of gym work and 6-7hours of sleep . Thank you Docs and cheers !!
  5. @loublue552: I'm disappointed with your "support" of big studies, paid for by the big pharma companies.  They will not spend money to investigate the benefits of supplements because there is not "big money" to be made.
  6. @stevejensen3471: Very surprised this crap is pushed.  They call it nature's Ozempic for weight loss which I didn't need.  I was taking it for ampk activation to assist with my slightly higher blood sugar thanks to the low dose statin I'm on.  

Well I'll tell you - I took it for a month and I became very sick for about 3 weeks!!! Come to find out that it will affect two of your hormones for satiation and one other one and with me, it made it hard to even look at food to where I had to actually gag my food down - and I couldn't even look at eggs or have my evening omelette - and couldn't for about 6 weeks after I recovered! All I can say is to beware of this stuff!!! It's not a panacea for everyone!
  7. @ariellespaventa3645: Trust 3,000 years over the pharmaceutical company that wants u dependent on metformin to keep their big payouts!
  8. @ariellespaventa3645: Helps with PCOS,lowers blood sugar and is much more healthy than metformin,lowers blood pressure and improves your depression and mood!
  9. @ariellespaventa3645: Thousands of years vs pharmaceutical payout what should you trust..? Obviously the Chinese people know what they are doing!
  10. @KatJ3st: I have been taking Berberine for a few months with little effect, however, I started adding Ashwaganda daily for the last 3 weeks and my appetite appears to be reduced.  I do have less cravings too.  I will give it a few months to be sure this isn't just a placebo effect...
  11. @JW4REnvironment: I take lycopene for my eyes and vitamin B12.  Also Nicotinamide to protect the skin and diminish skin cancer risk in a sunny climate….
  12. @jeaniefarmer1502: according to my lab results i should be perfectly healthy. my glucose is a wonderful number. so i doubt that my doc would prescribe metformin or that medicare would cover it for weight loss. i have a lot of belly fat.
  13. @Starrr-ro8hg: No 🥃 😂
  14. @williamrogers-y2t: High dose Berberine gave me horrible gas and loose stools
  15. @waulau8: METFORMIN commonly causes gastrointestinal issues like diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and stomach discomfort, which often subside over time or with food. While generally safe, it can rarely cause serious lactic acidosis, a medical emergency characterized by fatigue, muscle pain, and breathing difficulties. Long-term use may cause vitamin \(B_{12}\) deficiency.
  16. @waulau8: Western Dr needs to protect their medicine drugs and say bad things about the supplement "Berberine". Especially when they are in their uniform.
  17. @willsmith475: The FDA is a joke. There are numerous drugs and chemicals that other countries have banned but the US is moving forward in the use of them even when research shows the harmful effects.
  18. @Imightbecursed: Berberine is often called Nature's Ozempic, but it actually works differently by improving insulin sensitivity (similar to Metformin) rather than suppressing appetite, and while it's a popular social media trend, the scientific evidence for weight loss is still quite weak and unregulated. 🌿💊📉
  19. @Skyhawk1480: Health Canada does regulate supplements. They require the manufacturer to obtain an NPN number, and the process can take months as it requires a product testing, facility inspection, and citations to supporting peer-reviewed research that's submitted along with the application. Then the application is reviewed by an expert team.
  20. @KidistSima: https://youtu.be/jABkbN4Eo2c?si=6oYx25twvXXu7rJa

- What is Berberine and why is it being called 'nature's Ozempic'?: Kind: captions Language: en FOR THE UPDATE AND FOR RICHARD'S FULL REPORT, YOU CAN CATCH IT TONIGHT ON "NBC NIGHTLY NEWS." >>> NOW TO THE LATEST ON A SOCIAL MEDIA WEIGHT LOSS CRAZE. IT'S CALLED BERRBERINE. SOME USERS SAY IT CAN HELP REDUCE YOUR APPETITE AND HELP YOU DROP POUNDS. JUST HOW EFFECTIVE IS IT? WE BROUGHT IN DR. JOHN TORRES TO ANSWER THAT QUESTION. DR. JOHN, WHAT IS IT AND WHAT ABOUT THIS CLAIM THAT FOLKS ARE MAKING ON THE INTERNET? ANY LEGITIMACY TO THAT? >> IT'S A NATURAL SUPPLEMENT THAT'S BEEN AROUND SINCE 1917 WHEN ORIGINALLY IT WAS USED AS A DYE AND THEY FOUND OUT THAT IT HAS SOME MEDICINAL BENEFITS. IT CAN HELP REDUCE CHOLESTEROL A LITTLE BIT, BLOOD SUGARS, WEIGHT LOSS, IT DOESN'T HELP, BUT IT IS AVAILABLE WITHOUT A PRECIPITATION. STUDIES HAVE SHOWN IT DOESN'T HELP THAT MUCH AT ALL. >> BUT SOME PEOPLE ARE THINKING THAT IT'S WORKING FOR THEM. IF THEY DO TAKE IT, IS THERE ANY BAD SIDE EFFECTS FROM TAKING THAT KIND OF A THING? >> IF YOU'RE TAKING BERBERINE AT A REGULAR LEVEL, THERE'S NO SIDE EFFECT OR HARM, OTHER THAN POSSIBLY GETTING STOMACH ISSUES, BLOATING, GAS, CONSTIPATION, THOSE KIND OF THING. IF YOU HAVE LIVER OR KIDNEY PROBLEMS, YOU WANT TO BE CAREFUL. IF YOU'RE PREGNANT, YOU WANT TO BE CAREFUL AS WELL, BECAUSE IT COULD AFFECT THE FETUS. THOSE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WITH IT. OT

  Top Comments:
  1. @debbiecalderon5376 [23 likes]: If you control blood sugar you can lose weight
  2. @darwinoldpoter4926 [21 likes]: But, of course, we were presented with qualifications of the doc or his ties to pharmaceuticals companies. Thanks
  3. @winnifredwilson3522 [20 likes]: Taking it for my prediabetes and so far its been helpful for helping me maintain lower blood sugar
  4. @holisticfitcoach [17 likes]: Lowering blood sugar = overall weight loss    This "Dr" can't make any $$ of it so no promotions or endorsements from him.
  5. @katiamanfredi7465 [14 likes]: 😅why do GP always try to steer us away from natural supplements?  Every time
  6. @edithnogueira7899 [14 likes]: This is coming from a news channel owned by the pharmaceutical.
  7. @FaithinChristJesus777 [6 likes]: No weight loss for me even though it lowered my blood sugar. And he is spot on about the stomach issues. This doctor is telling the truth.
  8. @bigdanny9721 [3 likes]: Doctors don’t like it because it’s not prescribed by them so they don’t make money off of it
  9. @LB-sw2km [3 likes]: Show the studies that they don’t work .
  10. @BadBoyBreeze13 [2 likes]: Oh, that’s the doctor that’s going to talk it down for the pharmaceutical companies so they can still sell the Olympic
  11. @M0n1cki [1 likes]: Bahahah - this guy couldn't even begin to expound on in because he only had literally less than 2 minutes to say something. SMH - why bother adding the segment? Just don't bother.
  12. @idolhanz9842 [1 likes]: No pun intended, but I'm on it...dihydroberberine...these compounds are like ginseng...i dont need to lose weight...take it eith food and h2o
  13. @Isfahan.isfahan: Getting berberine 😊
  14. @thedreamdennis1853: This guys is speaking to Try and help himself
  15. @jacklan4103: Berberine has been used a lot longer than 1970.
  16. @magic2506: I wouldn't call it nature's Ozempic.
  17. @Eagle2012-3: I just heard it was makin this one lady skin and bones. Do you think it was the placebo effect or is it possible it does work for some folks?
  18. @jeannacarie7628: This is not actually true! Taking berberine while maintaining a healthy diet and with regular exercise can actually help lose weight. I have most definitely dropped since taking it. It is all natural
  19. @socrates470BCE: Let food be thy medicine should be the 1st port of call for doctors, It's not even on their list and considering 60% of western deaths and 80% of all aliments are due to western diets there's only one reason it's not their 1st port of call $$££
  20. @regrob16: The nerve of these experts raising caution when it comes to a fetus with this but no such concern when it comes to experimental meds that big pharma push.

- What’s it like taking Ozempic? Patients share their stories: Kind: captions Language: en OZEMPIC AND THEY SHARE WHAT IT IS LIKE TO TAKE THE MEDICINE AND ALSO WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU STOP. >> A LOT OF EMPTY CARBS. >> I HAD GAINED SOME WEIGHT THAT I LOST BACK. >> EVERYTHING THAT YOU TOOK IT TO HIDE COMES BACK. THOSE CRAVINGS. EVERYTHING. >> THREE WOMEN, SHARING THEIR STORIES ABOUT LIFE ON OZEMPIC. SHAY PUR RY IS A SINGLE MOM AND TYPE TWO DIABETES. EBONY HAS DIABETES. AND DANIELLE BAKER, WHO WAS PRESCRIBED THE DRUG TO LOSE WEIGHT, EVEN THOUGH THE COMPANY SAYS IT'S NOT A WEIGHT LOSS DRUG, TWO OF THE THREE WOMEN DID LOSE SOME POUNDS AND ALSO MENTIONED IN THE AD. >> OH, I JUST LOST POUNDS. >> PART OF THE WEIGHT LOSS COMES FROM THE WAY OZEMPIC WORKS. IT MIMICS A HORMONE THAT MAKES YOU FEEL FULL LONGER, REDUCES FOOD CRAVINGS AND SUPPRESSES YOUR APPETITE. >> HOW DID YOU FEEL ABOUT FOOD WHEN WERE ON OZEMPIC? >> DIDN'T EVEN THINKING ABOUT IT. LOOKING AT A BAG OF DORITOS WAS KIND OF LOOKING LIKE A BAG OF SOCKS. >> SHE WOULD OVERFEET AND FEEL NAUSEATED AND A SIDE EFFECT THAT EBONY ALSO HAD. >> NO MATTER HOW LITTLE I SEEMED TO EAT IN THE SITTING, I WOULD GET NAUSEOUS OR THROW IT UP. >> I DEFINITELY ATE LESS. I JUST DIDN'T FEEL GOOD. AND DRINKING WATER WOULD MAKE AN UPSET STOMACH AND NAUSEOUS. >> DANIELLE SAYS IN ADDITION TO THE DAILY NAUSEA, SHE FELT CONSTANT HEADACHES AND THE DISCOMFORT MADE HER STOP TAKING OZEMPIC AFTER THREE MONTHS. SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T EXPECT WHAT HAPPENED NEXT. >> EVERYTHING CAME BACK FULL FORCE, RIGHT? LIKE ALL OF THE CRAZY CRAVINGS THAT I'VE STRUGGLED WITH, FOR THE SWEETS, THE JUNK FOOD, IT FELT LIKE I WAS OVERCOMPENSATING. >> DANIELLE'S WEIGHT DROPPED, SHE SAID SHE GAINED EIGHT POUNDS WHILE ON OZEMPIC, AND AFTER STOPPING, HER WEIGHT CLIMBED 20 POUNDS. SHAY SAYS SHE HOPED OZEMPIC WOULD PUT HER TYPE TWO DIABETES INTO REMISSION BUT AFTER TWO AND A HALF MONTHS HER INSURANCE COVERAGE CHANGED AR SHE LOST ACCESS TO THE DRUG. >> WHAT HAPPENED WHEN YOU STOPPED TAKING OZEMPIC? >> FOR THE FIRST I WOULD SAY WEEK AND A HALF, YOU STILL HAVE THAT NUMBNESS TO FOOD CRAVINGS, AND THEN SUDDENLY, IT WAS LIKE YOUR BODY WOKE UP, AND DISCOVERED, HEY, I LIKE BREAD. >> SHE SAID SHE HAS TO FIGHT THE URGE TO EAT AND IS WORKING EXTRA HARD TO CONTROL HER WEIGHT AND DIABETES. >> IT'S NOT LIKE A MAGIC PILL. YOU STILL HAVE TO WORK AT EXERCISE AND KNOWING YOUR PORTION CONTROL. >> I WAS ON OZEMPIC FOR ABOUT SIX MONTHS. >> EBONY EXPERIENCED NAUSEA AND VOMITING WHILE ON THE DRUG, BUT TOGETHER, WITH DIET AND EXERCISE, SHE LOST 25 POUNDS. SHE STOPPED TAKING OZEMPIC BECAUSE IT BECAME TOO HARD TO GET. HER APPETITE ALSO CAME ROARING BACK. >> YOU COULD SAY THAT I APPRECIATED EATING A LITTLE TOO MUCH. >> Reporter: ENDOCRINOLOGIST DR. DONNY SAYS THESE WOMEN EXPERIENCED OZEMPIC SIDE EFFECTS AND AN ABRUPT END TO A WHAT'S LOSS PLAN CAN HAVE A REBOUND EFFECT. >> THE BEST WAY TO GO ABOUT THIS IS TO MAKE SMALL AND GRADUAL PLACES THAT PEOPLE CAN ADHERE TO IN THE LONG TERM. >> Reporter: BECAUSE THE DRUG IS NOT APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS, MAKERS OF OZEMPIC TELL NBC IT WASN'T STUDIED FOR CHANGES FOLLOWING DISCONTINUATION AND THEY DON'T ENCOURAGE OFFLABEL USE. THE DOCTOR RECOMMENDS A MULTIAPPROACH FOR MEDICATED WEIGHT LOSS A NUTRITIONIST FOR MEAL PLANNING AND LOOPING IN A FITNESS EXPERT AND CONSULTING A MENTAL HEALTH EXPERT LIKE A PSYCHOLOGIST OR PSYCHIATRIST. >> YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT IN INVESTING IN YOURSELF, IN YOUR PHYSICAL, MENTAL AND EMOTIONAL HEALTH. >> GREAT ADVICE. >> THERE ARE OTHER DRUGS TO TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR, ABOUT INCLUDING OTHERS, THAT UNLIKE OWE DEM PICK, THOSE ARE ALL CURRENTLY FDA APPROVED FOR WHAT'S LOSS. >> THAT'S THE FIRST TIME I HEARD WHAT OZEMPIC FEELS LIKE, YOU HEAR EVERYONE LOSING WEIGHT, AND YEAH, AND YEAH AND I DIDN'T KNOW THE IDEA THAT FOOD IS REPULSIVE TO YOU. AND THE WOMEN ARE NOT ON IT. HOW ARE THEY DOING? >> THEY'RE ALL OFF OF IT NOW, SAVANNAH AND HODA, AND THEY'RE DOING A GOOD JOB CONTROLLING THEIR WEIGHT. AND EBONY HAD A PERU PRESCRIPTION CALLED MUMJARA HELPING WITH HER TYPE TWO DIABETES, AND THAT IS BECOMING SHORT SUPPLY IN SOME AREAS. AND DANIELLE HAD GASTRIC SURGERY, SO SHE LOST 90 POUNDS. >> THE LAST GIRL. >> THE LAST PERSON WE SPOKE TO. AND SHAY SAYS SHE IS TRYING TO DO IT BY EATING HEALTHIER AND EXERCISING, BUT IT IS DIFFICULT. ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU WORK TWO AND THREE JOBS, YOU DON'T ALWAYS HAVE ACCESS TO FRESH FOOD AND EXERCISE. SO IT'S A CHALLENGE. >> FOR SURE, IT IS. >> AND ALSO JUST THE COMING BACK, THE WANTING TO EAT EVERYTHING ONCE YOU GET OFF OF

  Top Comments:
  1. @sandina8581 [1 likes]: Why would anyone do this to their bodies? My God! I wouldn't take it even if someone would offer me money. This drug is definitely unhealthy. You have no idea what it does to your body long therm. Losing weight is easier than people might think. Patience and discipline is the key. If you just eat at regular hours, 3 meals a day without skipping any and you cut a bit of kcal you eat a day, you are guaranteed to lose weight! Intermittent fasting (8/16) and a 8k-10k walk a day does miracles. Listen to your body and not your mind. It will guide you. Eat organic food and less processed food and you will see amazing results!
  2. @GloriaArzuaga-h3y [1 likes]: I understand, but you know it is true you get nauseous the beginning and then you get used to it and I’m doing great and I am continue losing weight but the reason why I have it is for my diabetic
  3. @kazehana877: I started taking ozempic and cannot eat ketchup at all now, my mom has a crazy reaction where food is russian roullette for her
  4. @rosematchmaker: Horrible don’t waste your money on ozempic weight comes back .
  5. @54lex: I just started on ozempic for my type 2 diabetes been three weeks now but I’m the opposite side effects that everyone else gets.  The first thing I noticed was complete focus , mental clarity, loss of anxiety and more energy. Something my testosterone injections should be doing. 
I loved it but then started getting blurry vision and light headed most of the time. Then instead of loss of appetite, my appetite increased with a huge craving for protein. I saw my doctor temporarily took me off it and slapped a dexcom7? Glucose patch to monitor my blood sugar which has been all over the place so far. My bloodwork just back and everything  is within normal limits except my A1C is 6.4  so I go back in 14 days to evaluate everything. 
I don’t want to get off of the ozempic I’m 64,and love the new mental clarity, energy and focus.. it gives me. 
My performance scores at work have shot thru the roof. I’m scared now. 
I will be permanently taken off off of it. 
I hope this helps . Am I a freak of nature?  Thanks for letting me share. I feel no one is listening.
  6. @EdwardJackson-u9z: These people never really learned to change their lifestyle. They dependent on the drug to do everything.
They should’ve worked with it, making eating less a lifelong thing and exercise
  7. @dianelittle3040: They want you to keep buying it. There are several on the market. Everyone I know were sick.
  8. @JacobitoBello27: Looks like when taking ozempic, you also need to change your way of life and dont put everything on ezempic to do the job.
  9. @57ferreira: She have to take care of bacteria about eat write  bacterias food
  10. @leechjim8023: Medically induced anorexia!!😮
  11. @geraldinevickers-k6m: .25mg, 3rd week in, 12 lbs down. i am focusing on protein, healthy fats and smaller portions. don't forget to move!! no nausea but some heartburn.
  12. @sharonvincent2299: Their approach was wrong. They didn't change their relationship with food. You have to develop better food decisions
  13. @timdonahue2897: God forbid somebody learns to eat right and show self control instead of relying on a drug
  14. @blurtam188: Wow! They gained weight after stopping the medication that works for weight loss?? Shocking!! Shame on that insurance company!!
  15. @tigerskob: I lost 213lbs in one and a half years
  16. @M_Darabi: I have been taking Ozempic now for  a week and I haven't had any side effects. AND I must say the drug sure has cut my appetite in more than half. It is a working drug for me.
  17. @mobinapadyab3058: What to do if our ozempic is not completely injected?
I used my 1mg pen for 4 times.but it still have liquid inside!what should I do?
  18. @algernon2719: god they really want to make it negative lol. “She gained weight on it, then she lost access to it oh no!!” Ok so was it helping or not???
  19. @codzy3532: i started a wk ago and i can say u dont crave sugar thats for sure i have 5 repeats if i hit my goal weight im going off it
  20. @howieMaori: Try Eat Like A Bear 🐻 Amanda Rose 🌹

- Can GLP-1 weight loss drugs affect your mental health? Doctor explains | ChicagoNOW: Kind: captions Language: en >> 1036. WELCOME BACK. YOU MIGHT RECOGNIZE THIS FELLA. WE TALKED TO HIM A LOT OVER ZOOM. THIS IS DOCTOR JOSH LOW. HE'S THE ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF THE WOMEN'S BOARD DEPRESSION TREATMENT RESEARCH CENTER AT RUSH. AND TODAY, WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT PSILOCYBIN. >> KETAMINE, LSD, ALL THESE CLINICAL TRIALS GOING ON. >> WE'RE TALKING ABOUT GLP ONES AND THE EFFECT THEY MAY HAVE ON YOUR MENTAL HEALTH. SO THERE'S A LOT OF RUMORS, CLAIMS GOING ON ABOUT OZEMPIC AND ITS EFFECT OR LACK THEREOF, ON DEPRESSION AND ANXIETY. SO THANK YOU FOR COMING IN. BY THE WAY, DOCTOR LOW, CAN WE START OFF WITH CAN YOU TELL US WHAT STUDIES YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN DIVING INTO WITH THESE DRUGS? >> YEAH. >> SO THESE DRUGS HAVE BEEN PRIMARILY STUDIED IN DIABETES AND OBESITY. >> AND IN THOSE CLINICAL TRIALS, THEY'VE BEEN LOOKING TO SEE IF THERE ARE SOME EFFECTS IN MENTAL HEALTH, QUALITY OF LIFE ABOUT DEPRESSION, THESE SORTS OF THINGS. AND THERE WAS A STUDY THAT CAME OUT THIS YEAR WHERE THEY POOLED ALL THE DATA FROM ALL THESE BIG TRIALS, AND THEY ESSENTIALLY SAW THAT THERE DOES NOT SEEM TO BE AN INCREASED RISK OF DEPRESSION OR SUICIDAL THOUGHTS OR PSYCHOSIS, WHICH WERE SOME CONCERNS EARLY ON WHEN THESE MEDICINES FIRST STARTED COMING OUT. SO THEY'RE LOOKING, YOU KNOW, MORE RESEARCH IS NEEDED, BUT EARLY ON IT'S LOOKING LIKE THEY'RE SAFE IN IN PSYCHIATRY. >> SO WHAT COULD THE IMPLICATIONS HERE BE. DO YOU FORESEE THIS LEADING TO THEM BEING USED TO TREAT ANY KIND OF MENTAL HEALTH ISSUE. OR DOES THIS KIND OF MEAN THAT FOR THE FOLKS THAT ARE ALREADY USING IT TO TREAT WEIGHT LOSS AND DIABETES, THAT, OKAY, WHAT WE FEARED IS NOT GOING TO COME TO PASS AND THESE ARE SAFE DRUGS LONG TERM. >> I WOULD SAY WITH DIABETES AND OBESITY WE HAVE GOOD EVIDENCE. OKAY. WE'RE FEELING PRETTY GOOD ABOUT THE SAFETY PROFILE IN PSYCHIATRY FOR THOSE. WE DON'T HAVE A LOT YET IN DEPRESSION. SO THERE'S BEEN SOME MIXED STUDIES, SOME SMALL STUDIES. I'M NOT SURE IF THEY'RE REALLY EFFECTIVE OR NOT. SO SO MORE IS NEEDED THERE. THERE ARE A COUPLE AREAS THAT SOME EVIDENCE IS POINTING. MAYBE THESE COULD HAVE SOME POTENTIAL. THE TWO BIG ONES ARE IN ALCOHOL USE DISORDER. THERE'S BEEN STUDIES THAT HAVE SHOWN THAT GLP ONES DECREASE HOW MUCH PEOPLE DRINK, NOT NECESSARILY INCREASING THEIR SOBRIETY, BUT JUST THAT THEY DON'T DRINK AS MUCH WHEN THEY'RE ON THESE AS THEY WOULD OTHERWISE, WHICH HAS SOME REAL IMPLICATIONS FOR PHYSICAL HEALTH, QUALITY OF LIFE, THOSE SORTS OF THINGS. AND THEN IN BINGE EATING DISORDER, WHEN PEOPLE KIND OF LOSE CONTROL, EATING TOO MUCH, FEELING REALLY GUILTY ABOUT THAT LOSS OF CONTROL. THESE MEDICINES ALSO SEEM TO BE SHOWING A DECREASED RISK OF OF IN THAT DISORDER, TOO. >> SO IS THAT KIND OF THE CONNECTION TO THE MENTAL HEALTH IS REALLY THE WAY THAT OVEREATING OR LOSING THAT CONTROL AFFECTS YOU MENTALLY VERSUS THERE'S AN INGREDIENT WITHIN THESE GLP ONES THAT MAY BE TRIGGERING SOME CHEMICAL IN YOUR BRAIN. DO YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? >> YEAH, I DO KNOW. SO RIGHT NOW WE KNOW THAT FOLKS WITH DEPRESSION HAVE A HIGHER RISK OF GAINING WEIGHT AND BECOMING OBESE HAVING DIABETES, RIGHT. SO THERE'S SOME RELATION THERE. WE ALSO KNOW THAT FOLKS WHO HAVE OBESITY AND DIABETES HAVE A HIGHER RISK OF GETTING DEPRESSED. SO THERE'S SOME INTERACTION THERE. BUT THEN IT GETS REALLY COMPLICATED BECAUSE THERE ARE LIKE INFLAMMATORY ISSUES WITH DIABETES AND DEPRESSION. THERE'S ENDOCRINE CHANGES LIKE HORMONE CHANGES THAT HAPPEN WITH DIABETES THAT COULD HAVE IMPLICATIONS FOR DEPRESSION. AND THEN THERE ARE LIKE PSYCHOLOGICAL ISSUES TOO, RIGHT? LIKE SELF-CONFIDENCE IF YOU'RE FEELING OVERWEIGHT, KIND OF LOSS OF CONTROL TO BE ABLE TO LOSE THE WEIGHT. AND SO IT'S REALLY YOU KNOW, I THINK THERE'S BIOLOGIC PIECES, THERE'S PSYCHOLOGICAL PIECES. THERE'S SORT OF THE SOCIAL INTERACTION. AND I THINK I THINK HONESTLY THAT'S WHY THIS IS INTERESTING POTENTIALLY IN DEPRESSION BECAUSE WE THINK A LOT IN DEPRESSION TREATMENT ABOUT MEDICATIONS. WE THINK ABOUT THERAPY. WE REALLY NEED TO ALSO THINK ABOUT METABOLICS AND KIND OF THE WHOLE TREATMENT. AND PART OF THAT IS GOING TO BE BEING HEALTHY, TRYING TO GET OUT AND EXERCISE, HAVING A BALANCED DIET, LOSING WEIGHT LIKE THESE SORTS OF THINGS. AND SO THE GLP ONES, AS WELL AS OTHER WAYS THAT WE CAN ADDRESS WEIGHT, ARE GOING TO BE REALLY IMPORTANT FOR US TO GET THIS SORT OF HOLISTIC TREATMENT IN DEPRESSION. >> MAKES SENSE. SO IT SOUNDS LIKE THERE'S TONS OF STILL TONS OF POTENTIAL UPSIDE TO THESE DRUGS. WHAT IS KNOWN AT THIS POINT ABOUT HOW THEY INTERACT WITH SOMEONE WHO IS ALREADY ON ONE OF THOSE, YOU KNOW, ANTI-ANXIETY OR ANTIDEPRESSANT MEDICATIONS? >> YEAH. SO FAR IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THERE ARE MANY DRUG DRUG INTERACTIONS. CERTAINLY MAKING SURE THAT GLP ONE ARE STARTING TO MAKE THEIR MOVE INTO PSYCHIATRY CLINICS BECAUSE SADLY, MANY OF OUR MEDICATIONS CAN CAUSE WEIGHT GAIN. OR LIKE I MENTIONED, DEPRESSION CAN CAUSE WEIGHT GAIN. AND SO WE NEED TO BE THINKING ABOUT HOW ALSO TO BE TREATING THESE. BUT PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIANS, PEOPLE WHO HAVE SPECIALIZED IN OBESITY MANAGEMENT LIKE THEY ALSO ARE TREATING WITH GLP ONES. AND SO I THINK THE THE POINT IS MAKING SURE THAT ALL OF THE FOLKS, YOUR MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS THAT YOU'RE SEEING ARE AWARE OF WHAT MEDICINES YOU'RE ON SO THEY CAN KEEP AN EYE ON INTERACTIONS. >> OKAY. SO WE'RE TALKING ALL POSITIVES HERE WITH THESE GLP ONES. HAVE YOU SEEN IN YOUR RESEARCH ANY NEGATIVES WITH TAKING GLP ONES. >> YOU KNOW AS OF NOW I'VE BEEN USING THESE IN MY PRACTICE AND SO FAR I'VE HAD I'VE HAD GOOD RESULTS WHEN I'VE BEEN LOOKING AT ALCOHOL USE DISORDER, AND WHEN I'M LOOKING AT KIND OF THE INCREASED WEIGHT GAIN RELATED TO DEPRESSION OR WITH THE TREATMENTS, THESE REALLY HAVE BEEN LOOKING PRETTY GOOD. YOU KNOW, I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT BECAUSE OF SOME OF THOSE REALLY EARLY CONCERNS ABOUT, OH, DOES THIS WORSEN DEPRESSION? DOES THIS CAUSE POTENTIALLY SUICIDAL THOUGHTS? IT'S IMPORTANT TO KEEP A REALLY CLOSE EYE AND BE IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH YOUR PRESCRIBER TO MONITOR FOR ANY KIND OF SIDE EFFECTS LIKE THAT. BUT THUS FAR, AT LEAST IN MY PRACTICE, AND I THINK THIS META ANALYSIS THAT CAME OUT THIS YEAR, IT IS REASSURING. >> GOOD. OKAY. >> HOW PREVALENT HAVE THEY BECOME IN YOUR PRACTICE? IS IT LIKE A SITUATION WHERE THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING? BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, I THINK ANECDOTALLY, WE CAN ALL PROBABLY THINK OF PEOPLE IN OUR LIVES WHO HAVE STARTED TAKING THESE. ONE OF THE OZEMPIC OR WEGOVY ARE YOU SEEING THIS IS THIS IS THE BEGINNING OF AN AVALANCHE OF PEOPLE THAT ARE JUST GOING TO BE ON THEM. >> YOU KNOW, I'M REALLY INTERESTED TO SEE HOW THIS IS GOING TO WORK OUT, BECAUSE THE RESEARCH HAS BEEN PRIMARILY IN OBESITY AND DIABETES AND OBESITY. THAT'S REALLY WHERE YOU GET INSURANCE COVERAGE. AND RIGHT NOW ACCESS IS A BIG PROBLEM WITH THESE MEDICINES. WHILE THERE IS A TON OF POTENTIAL WITH SOME OF THESE OTHER WHAT WE CALL OFF LABEL USE, I'LL CALL YOU SORT OF DEPRESSION BINGE EATING RIGHT NOW, THAT'S A LOT OF OUT OF POCKET COST FOR FOLKS WHO MIGHT BE ON THESE. AND SO THAT'S I THINK WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN OVER THE COMING YEARS IS IF MORE RESEARCH IS THERE AND IF INSURANCE IS IS CONVINCED BY THIS, THEY MIGHT BE ABLE TO BROADEN ACCESS. >> BEFORE WE LET YOU GO, I HAVE A QUESTION. SO YOU SAID THAT YOU'RE PRESCRIBING THIS IN YOUR IN YOUR PRACTICE. WHAT ARE YOU GIVING AS FAR AS. IT ADVICE GOES FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE WORRIED ABOUT WEANING THEMSELVES OFF OF IT? BECAUSE THAT'S KIND OF THE SPOOKY SECOND HALF OF THIS, RIGHT? >> THERE'S A STUDY, I THINK IT WAS THIS MONTH THAT WAS PUBLISHED THAT SHOWED THAT FOLKS WHO ARE ON THESE GLP ONE AND HAVE A REALLY GOOD RESPONSE, IF THEY COME OFF OF THEM, THEY TEND TO GAIN WEIGHT PRETTY QUICKLY BACK TO WHAT THEY WERE BEFORE THEY STARTED IT. AND SADLY, THESE MEDICATIONS HAVE SHOWN GOOD EFFICACY NOT JUST IN WEIGHT LOSS, BUT ALSO IMPROVEMENT IN YOUR BLOOD SUGAR CONTROL AND CHOLESTEROL, LIKE THESE METABOLIC ISSUES. AND THAT STUDY THAT I WAS JUST MENTIONING SHOWED THAT WHEN PEOPLE COME OFF THESE THOSE OTHER METABOLIC ISSUES ALSO THEY REVERSE. YEAH, OKAY. >> AND THEN. >> THEY GO BACK TO WHAT THEY WERE. >> OKAY. WITH THAT IN MIND. ARE THEY SAFE LONG TERM? I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT, YOU KNOW, TWO, THREE YEARS. I'M TALKING ABOUT LIKE, YOU KNOW, SOME PEOPLE HAVE BEEN ON A CERTAIN MEDICATION SINCE THEY WERE, FOR EXAMPLE, IN MIDDLE SCHOOL OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT. CAN YOU TAKE THEM FOR DECADES? WE JUST. >> DON'T KNOW. NOT YET KNOWN. I MEAN, THEY'VE ONLY BEEN APPROVED FOR THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS. AND THOSE PRIMARY TRIALS WERE, I BELIEVE, OUT TO 52 WEEKS LIKE A YEAR. AND SO THAT WAS, YOU KNOW, REASSURING. THOSE ARE PRETTY, PRETTY LONG TRIALS. BUT WE DON'T HAVE KIND OF LONG, LONG TERM DATA YET

  Top Comments:
  1. @AbbyGovernale [9 likes]: I tried three different GLP-1S over a period of 2 years. Within a month of starting each one, my mood shifted. I felt depressed and extremely anxious. My mood returned to normal within a couple of weeks of stopping the meds. These are not rumors.
  2. @user-tn2xp2zd7d [9 likes]: Rumors are not rumours, I’m suffering from hard anxiety taking glp and tachycardia
  3. @meianoitee01 [4 likes]: That's totally lie. I've never had any psychological problems in my life, and after applying the initial dose of Mounjaro, I had a panic attack on the first day. At that moment, I didn't even know what a panic attack was. I had to stop the treatment immediately, but now it's been 30 days since I took that dose, and I'm still suffering from panic and anxiety attacks. Mounjaro has made my life a living hell, and it's been very difficult to deal with the consequences.
  4. @1953RCLR [3 likes]: Do not believe it , glp1 anxiety is beyond believe..
  5. @HeatherMariePetersen [1 likes]: It seems a little vague… So in the gathering of the studies. With these studies, focus on a mental or emotional side effects when originally done?
  6. @janenicolson3599 [1 likes]: And we are asking these questions…now?
  7. @ihuman7253 [1 likes]: I’m on 4 psych meds and Mounjaro injection once a week has helped me sooo much. No negative symptoms yet at least
  8. @1953RCLR: People prescibe those like candy , I wish I never head  over 5 months of insomnia , anxiety severe insomnia  3 hours of sleep ,...

- Psychiatrist Shares His Experience With GLP1 Weight Loss Drugs: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome back to Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group where we focus on the intersection of metabolic health and mental health and metabolic therapies like ketogenic therapies as treatment for mental illness. But now we're embarking on this series of investigative videos to talk about this concept of use of GLP-1 receptor agonist medications like Wegovy and Ozempic in a specific psychiatric population, whether it's for medication-induced weight loss or whether it's for treating psychiatric symptoms and this is really controversial because, you know, they're medications that have some side effects and some potentially serious ones that we've discussed, whether it's increased suicidal ideation, whether it's stomach paralysis, you know, side effects are rare, as they tend to be. But when they're really serious, they raise concern. But we're hearing reports online and from clinicians and researchers that these medications may actually help with psychiatric symptoms. So how do we balance whether or not to use these medications? Well, I was so fortunate to meet Dr. Rodrigo Mansur, who is actually studying this exact question. Now, Dr. Mansur is a staff psychiatrist at the University Health Network in Toronto and an associate professor in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Toronto. And he is both a clinician and a researcher. So he has to decide how do I treat this patient in front of me? And he's on the forefront of studying these medications. So as we weigh the risks and benefits, should we use Ozempic, Wegovy GLP-1 receptor agonists either for medication-induced weight gain or to treat symptoms, how do we determine that? I think he's one of the best people I could have possibly asked. So I hope you enjoy this brief interview and that it's helpful for you to help you understand sort of the risks and benefits and how to discuss this with your physician. And quickly, before we get to the interview, remember our channel is for informational purposes only. We're not providing individual or group medical or health care advice, and we're not establishing a doctor patient relationship. Any changes to your lifestyle or medication can be dangerous if not done with supervision. So always check with your health care team and your physician before changing medications, before changing your lifestyle and not acting on any of the discussion we have today on your own. Alright, so with that, let's get on with this interview with Dr. Rodrigo Mansur. Well, Dr. Mansur, I want to thank you for joining me today to really help us dig deeper into this important and sort of controversial topic of the use of the GLP-1 receptor agonists specifically in a psychiatry population. We've talked in prior videos already about the problem of medication induced weight gain and clinicians and patients wanting to do everything they can to try and combat that. One of them being the use of Wegovy, Ozempic and the like of the GLP-1 receptor agonists. But there's some controversy about the use in this specific population, some reports of improved mood, improved symptoms, some reports of potentially increased suicidal thoughts. And so how do we make sense of all this? And so while I'm researching this, I come across you who is perfect to come on and talk about this because you're doing research using these medications specifically to see how they target psychiatric symptoms. So please give us a little bit of your background and what brought you or made you interested in doing this line of research? Sure. So I'm a psychiatrist, I'm a clinician scientist and an associate professor of psychiatry here at the University of Toronto. In our research program, we work with people affected by mood disorders, depression and bipolar disorder. We have worked to try to understand better what causes the metabolic comorbidities, right? What causes weight gain, development of diabetes, for example, in someone with depression. And bipolar disorder and I also have a an interest in translating these findings into clinical applications, into novel treatments. And we've been working on this idea of using GLP-1 receptor agonists for almost one decade now with a dual purpose, right? Targeting the metabolic comorbidities. So improving the metabolic health in an individual affected by these conditions. But we're also very much interested in finding out if these medications can also be used to target the core symptoms of mood disorders, the emotional aspects of those disorders, the Anhedonic symptoms, or issues of motivation, enjoyment, interest, as well as, which is directly related to the work we do, the cognitive symptoms of depression, difficulties of attention, concentration, focus which are very, very common in this population. And our interest in comes from a variety of sources. These are well known effective medications for weight management, but they also have important effects on the central nervous systems, right? So these are not just purely for medications. The systems that they target, the GLP-1 system, the GLP-1 receptor is, for example, expressed in the brain, is expressed in different areas of the brain, including areas that have been traditionally implicated in mood and other psychiatric disorders. So it makes us wonder if there is potentially a deeper connection there. Yeah, I think that's such an interesting point that a lot of people don't realize that, you know, with all the focus on weight loss, the focus is on how these medications work sort of in the gut, in the G.I. system, on the hunger, how they’re incretins, right? And then, and and how they work on how hungry you are, how much food you'll eat and so forth. But we don't think so much about, well a lot of that is a brain effect like hunger effects in our brain. So what other brain effects might they have? Has there been a signal that you've seen, that by targeting these receptors in the brain, that it does directly impact someone's mood, someone's thought process, someone's mental health? Yeah, the preliminary data is that it's yes, preliminary being a very key word here as this is a relatively novel area of research. So there are by now a few studies using GLP-1 receptor agonists or incretin-based treatments in primarily psychiatric populations. We’ve done a little pilot study with liraglutide a few years ago. It was a small study. It was an open label study. So there wasn't a placebo. It wasn't well-controlled as well-controlled as a classical randomized clinical trial is. But in our study we did observe improvements in mood. We did observe improvements in cognitive function which were related to improvements in the metabolic systems. They were, for example, associated with weight gain, but not completely. Some of these effects seem to be independent from, for example, weight loss, which has been shown by other groups as well. There are a few studies also using these medications to improve, for example, cognitive function in individuals with diabetes. A recent study also documented an improvement in attention and learning and memory, independent from weight loss. Again, all very early. This is a rapidly evolving field, but there are definitely signs pointing in this direction that these drugs, yes, can have direct effects on the central nervous system and therefore it can also directly affect mood, behavior, thinking, concentration and etc. Yeah, a couple of really important points there. One, that it's early science, but that's how you do science, that's how you progress. You've got to start somewhere. And frequently, you know, clinical practice and hypotheses are ahead of where the science is and that's okay. It takes people like you to help us catch up and two, how much is related to the metabolic health improvements and how much is related to a direct, you know, CNS drug effect. And, you know, with early data, it's hard to know for sure, but it sounds like there's a signal that it's a little bit of both. And I think that's important, too, because we talk a lot about the connection of metabolic and mental health and how improving metabolic health will have direct effects on improving mental health. But perhaps this can go beyond it. But you're talking about symptoms of, you know, attention and focus. What about the symptoms of depression and anxiety or maybe even mania or psychosis? As we get into more serious mental illness, is there a signal there as well that there could be an effect? Some, again, very, very preliminary data. There was one study using liraglutide, one of the GLP-1 receptor agonists, for weight management in people with psychosis or psychotic spectrum disorders, and they did not, that study observed any kind of deleterious effect on their symptoms. It wasn't a study designed to improve or to treat psychotic disorders of these conditions. But of course, as safety measures they did assess the evolution of psychotic symptoms throughout the trial and found that there was no major effect or patients were not necessarily getting worse. In our pilot study, we did measure mood symptoms. We did measure Anhedonic symptoms as well, so enjoyment, motivation and patients actually did improve their, again, small, open label, far from being definitive, but there was a consistent signal, or at least a promising signal, telling us that there might be something there, worth exploring more. Yeah. Now so it sounds like there is certainly enough of a signal to say we should look into this further, which is exactly what you and your team are doing, which I think is fantastic. But what about the signals in the opposite direction? You know, we saw a report that European regulators were investigating potentially increased suicidal ideation. And the fact that, you know, when the FDA looked at the studies to approve these medications, none of those studies included anybody with a psychiatric diagnosis or taking medication. So how do you balance that with doing the research and looking forward to the pros and the cons, basically? Yeah, we have to be mindful of this possibility, right? Especially if you consider that these systems are connected, right? As you alluded, we know by now that there's a connection between mood and metabolism and which is one of the ideas underlying the use of these medications in psychiatric populations, right? Yes, they affect the central nervous system. They affect the food intake system. But the system does not exist in a vacuum, right? This is a system that is connected with every other system in the brain it informs, it constrains the function in very important ways of other systems in the brain. And it can affect behavior, right? And you can certainly see it affecting behavior in a variety of different ways, right? Not necessarily in the positive therapeutic way. It wouldn't be the first time that a promising weight loss medication has negative effects on mental health. I'm not sure if you heard about medication called rimonabant, which is a modulator of the endocannabinoid system, which was approved a few years ago for weight loss, but it had to be removed from the market because of worsening of depressive symptoms and emerging suicide ideation. Now, completely different medication, completely different mechanism of action than the GLP-1 receptor agonists, but there is a precedent there to be mindful about the possibility of these medications having a significant effect on mood and not necessarily in the direction we want. So I think being aware of it and being careful when using these medications in psychiatric populations and in our case, when designing studies, is definitely necessary. So we are currently doing a clinical trial with oral semaglutide. Semaglutide is the same medication as Ozempic. There is an oral form called Rybelsus, which is what we are using in a population with depression. Our goal in this study is to treat depression and to treat its cognitive symptoms, and we are more or less now halfway through this trial. So our goal is to treat 60 people with it. We have done a little over 30 by now. And this is a placebo controlled trial, right? So at this point, we don't know yet who is taking what, but we do know that the majority of people are either improving in terms of depressive symptoms, or they’re at least not getting worse. We haven't yet gotten any kind of signal of worsening and we also haven't yet seen any emergent suicide ideation, which are things we measure consistently, frequently every visit using standardized measures. And we have as part of a trial which is standard in these situations, built in criteria as well. If someone starts deteriorating from mental health perspective, it triggers a warning, right? And we have to assess for that. That hasn't happened yet. It's still early, it’s still halfway through the trial, and still, as I mentioned, we have not broken the blind, so we don't know yet who is taking what, so I cannot say that people are getting better because of it. It might be the placebo effect, which we know does wonderful things, but at the very least I can tell, OK, we're not seeing that, or haven't yet seen these warning signs. Yeah, and how many people are enrolled and how long is the trial meant to be? So people use semaglutide or placebo for 16 weeks. We have enrolled 35 people by now and we have 21 that completed through the full 16 weeks. Great! And I like how it's so important that you have those built in safety measures. So you're you're in the forefront of research on this topic. I mean, you're sort of leading the way, but you also have a clinical practice. And so you know that balance of here's a patient right in front of me at this moment that I'm trying to help, and I don't have the results of this trial. Even your own trial, you don't have the results of. So how do you make sense of all of this to say, how do I help this person in front of me? Do I prescribe this medication? Do I not? How do I weigh it? Yeah, Yeah. It is a clinical decision, right? It is still at this point and for the foreseeable future would be an off-label indication to use it for weight loss in a primary psychiatric population. But we do have some evidence that we can rely on. We do know that these medications are safe to use for people that are not diabetic. So both semaglutide and liraglutide, they have indications for weight management and most other medications, including the newer generation, like tirzepatide, which is the dual GLP-1 receptor agonist, we have already trials showing that it's quite effective for known diabetic populations and it’s also safe. It does not promote, one of the concerns about these are antidiabetic medication, right? So we always have the concern of causing hypoglycemia or the lowering of blood sugar and these drugs are very, very safe from that perspective. The risk of hypoglycemia is very, very low. So they can be safely used for people that do not have diabetes. We have to be, again, mindful in our area of the potential with known risks, given that we don't have a robust body of evidence using these medications in populations with primary psychiatric disorders. But we do have, again, some studies here and there. Most of the signal is in the positive direction, is in the same direction. So, yes, we should carefully monitor mood, we should carefully monitor suicide ideation. which is true every time we prescribe something for someone with depression or someone with bipolar disorder. But it's certainly true here. The efficacy, however, in terms of weight management, we have no reason to believe that it is any different in someone that has depression and bipolar disorder compared to the populations where these medications were tested, meaning like obese people that do not have a diagnosed psychiatric comorbidity. Now, that’s still tricky to ascertain because the causes of obesity in a way are fairly different than someone that has depression and bipolar disorder, right? Again, given the known connections between mood and metabolism, but most of it indicates that they are also quite effective at promoting safe weight loss. Now, we've focused on the medications up to this point, but I think we also have to acknowledge that medications aren't a cure all. So we also have to talk about lifestyle. How do you see the need for lifestyle interventions as well? So I can tell you then that the success of the GLP-1 receptor agonist has not yet changed the whole calculus on managing metabolic comorbidities in patients with mood and psychotic disorders. So those accomodations are still first to address and when possible, intervene on lifestyle. So to provide good quality information on diet to facilitate as much as an individual usually can regular physical activity and to address psychiatric medications that have a potential causative effect on weight gain so when possible, avoid the agents more clearly associated with weight gain. And we do now have nowadays a few newer alternatives that have less risk than others. So if possible to remove, let’s say the offending agents and go to a safer easier to use alternative and when these are not enough that's when you go to the pharmacological approaches for weight management. And what the GLP-1 receptor agonists have done is to broaden the possibilities there They should not necessarily be the first line. There is very good quality evidence on the efficacy and safety of metformin, which is a widely available, very affordable agent, which is an important question, also when it comes to GLP-1 receptor agonists here. Metformin does work well at managing weight gain from psychiatric medications and it is something that I use quite often in my clinical practice. You also have Contrave, which is a bit more complicated to use in psychiatric population. It does contain a psychotopic medication bupropion, which has to be considered. But when these are not effective or when there is a contraindication to one of these, then I think going to a GPL1 receptor agonist again, being mindful of how really it is in terms of these in terms of the use of these medications in psychiatry, the potential risks. I do think that there is a use for them in clinical practice. Well, I thought that that was a really interesting discussion and I'm glad I got to talk to Dr. Mansur, who really is on the cutting edge of this research and is a clinician and obviously very thoughtful, very balanced about how to approach this like a scientist should be. And we have to recognize this isn't going to be, at this point, an easy, absolutely yes, use it; absolutely no, don’t use it. There's a middle ground and there's experimentation. And the key is to be cautious and to be balanced. And to make sure the discussion between the patient and the doctor is very thorough exploring these things. So we've already had a couple of videos exploring this. Hopefully we'll have some more. So stay tuned for those as we delve deeper into this evolving and very hot topic. So thank you so much for joining us at Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group. I’m Dr. Bret Scher and we look forward to seeing you in our next videos. And again, please leave a comment. Let us know your experience either with using GLP-1 receptor agonists or medication-induced weight gain. What's worked? What hasn't worked? What you've tried. We'd love to learn from you as well. So thank you very much. And we'll see here next time at Metabolic Mind.

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardwintersteen1103 [21 likes]: Life changing! Anxiety has nearly vanished. It’s as if I’ve been living in black and white and now there’s color… I’m so thankful I have found this peptide.
  2. @cathiedaves2594 [10 likes]: I have Bipolar 1 with Psychotic Features - I took three doses of Wegovy and I was headed toward mania.  It felt like speed, my anxiety was so high.  It’s been a 6 days since the last dose and I’m starting to feel better.  For me, these drugs are very dangerous.  I’m glad they do help others.
  3. @amyrowes [10 likes]: As a person who has struggled with anxiety and ADHD my whole life, I notice a drastic reduction in my anxiety on the lowest dose of Wegovy. I do all the "right" things already, I sleep well, I weight train 4x per week, I walk my dogs in the forest every day, I meditate and eat high protein. This has been the first thing to fully reduce my anxiety (significantly better than SSRI meds). I notice the mood enhancement much more than the reduction in food noise or appetite suppression. I only have about 10 pounds of weight to lose due to peri-menopause so using this for the mood enhancement/metabolic help. I would totally recommend this.
  4. @Ella3175 [8 likes]: Experienced severe panic attacks on mounjaro
  5. @kaelaliscious [7 likes]: I’ve been on saxenda and works from a weight loss perspective but my depression is the worst it’s ever been to the point where I can’t function and have now stopped saxenda
  6. @elizabethgould994 [3 likes]: it helps me greatly reduce my obsessive thoughts. A ton of my friends in this community say this
  7. @Evega214 [3 likes]: I used to have serious loneliness at night time. I used forod, particularly sweets to help it "go away". Now with terz (2.5/ week), no more loneliness and no obsession to eat large amounts of sweets. Quite magical.
  8. @myvoice31 [3 likes]: On semiglutide, I had a hard time kicking fatigue and then I got very low. I was dealing with a family issue and it was very sad. As soon as I switched to trizepitide, my mind perked up. The same thing I was dealing with didn’t seem so dark.  But the new glp-1, did give me some strange skin soreness. Very odd,  but I rather deal with this than endless emotional pain and sadness over my family issue.
  9. @lezliesecundaGLP-RD [3 likes]: I must be on a true keto diet avoiding vital wheat gluten “keto” products and taking a glp-1 or tirzepatide to get the mental health piece. If I am on a glp with a regular American diet that’s only when I get anxiety and digestion problems. Weird how the pendulum swings to the other end. Note: I’ve had a gastric sleeve 3 years ago and was taking Prozac.
  10. @NancyEvansUSA [2 likes]: Thanks for you content. Shame about Diet Doctor - that guy was a fool to wreck that website and podcast
  11. @jeanne2b2b22 [2 likes]: How can they not know? GLP1 have been around for 20 years only for severe type 2 diabetics. Now anyone can buy GLP1.
  12. @loopba [2 likes]: 9:53 all studies exclude suicidal patients obviously, and require discontinuation if suicidal behavior is observed.
  13. @BrendaScheuer [1 likes]: For me Ozempic has taken away my joie de vivre. Completely. Since my first shot almost a year ago I have lost all incentive, and all motivation for all things. No interest in previous pleasures, or even every day tasks. I have found this feeling is  actually is quite prevalent amongst users as I follow many user groups. I am usually pretty even keeled and I wonder if I did have anxiety or ADHD or an addiction if those impulses would be lessened. I'm not sure I want to put up with  it much longer. I've been persistent only because it is helping my diabetes.
  14. @barrya.6212 [1 likes]: UHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhh    Weight loss drugs OFTEN bring out HORRIBLE SIDE EFFECTS like DEPRESSION, ANXIETY....etc etc...is this for REAL ???
  15. @hashermcbudz [1 likes]: Only a matter of time before peoples kidneys fail from their bodys eating them alive.
  16. @krickenthekraken8844 [1 likes]: Just started tirzepatide very recently. But have been strictly keto for six years, and the weight has started to come back. So far the GLP one has been great, but it’s only been two weeks.
  17. @drirene57 [1 likes]: Lawsuits are beginning over these drugs causing permanent  stoppage of peristalsis.
  18. @dorabartusek9386: i ve used Rhybelsus but it made me panic attack anhedonia and depressive epizodes, so i ve stopped and it alsa made my taste better
  19. @deekay6526: It depends…I loved everything about Zepbound and was a super responder, but I started to get anxiety with the very first shot and by shot 3, it was unbearable. I hadn’t to stop. It bummed me out because it literally took away all my bloating, joint pain, arthritis inflammation, gave me energy, quieted food noise and took away a lifelong addiction to sugar/chocolate..all of this happened immediately within 24 hours. I felt like someone gave me a vitamin until the anxiety kicked in and got debilitating. I wonder if even that starting dose was too strong for me. I wish they made lower doses or dial pens so they could start much lower for those who are more sensitive to its effects.
  20. @Anthony-Domenico: Any update from Dr Mansur?

- Are GLP1s Ozempic and Wegovy Safe in Psychiatry?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Should popular weight loss drugs like Wegovy and Ozempic be used to help patients with psychiatric diagnoses lose weight? A recent news article on Reuters reported that psychiatrists and primary care doctors are increasingly using the class GLP-1 receptor agonists to help their patients lose weight, which is a significant issue in psychiatry because many of the commonly used psychoactive medications can trigger substantial weight gain. So patients and doctors are looking for ways to combat this. In addition, many patients taking psychiatric medications encounter poor metabolic health and an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. So it makes sense that doctors would want to do everything they can to help their patients combat the adverse health consequences of psychiatric conditions and medications. But first, we need to ask if these medications like Ozempic and Wegovy and other GLP-1 receptor agonists if they're safe in individuals with a psychiatric diagnosis. But first, before we get into that, please remember our channels for informational purposes only. We're not providing an individual or group medical or health care advice or establishing a provider patient relationship. Many of the interventions we discuss can have dramatic or potentially dangerous effects of done without proper supervision. So consult your health care provider before changing your lifestyle or medications. The problem is that the studies used to get FDA approval for the GLP-1 receptor agonists excluded anyone with a psychiatric diagnosis. So from a research and a scientific standpoint it's unclear if the drugs are safe for this specific population. And there is a signal that for some they may not be. As we reported in a previous video, European regulators are investigating up to 150 reports of patients developing suicidal thoughts while taking GLP-1 receptor agonists. And we know the medications come with other potential adverse effects, such as nausea and muscle loss. Now increasing reports of stomach paralysis. Yet at the same time, we've also seen an increasing number of reports of people using these medications and seeing not only weight loss, but actually improved symptoms of anxiety or depression. So it seems doctors are at a crossroads, right? They understandably want to help their patients. They have a drug that can help with weight gain. But there are some concerns about a potentially severe adverse reaction to the drug. But the way I see it, that's mostly a problem that there weren't other viable options, right? If the doctor had no other choices, then we could see their quandary. But the thing is, there's another very promising option. Just not enough doctors know about it, at least not yet. And that option is ketogenic therapy. Numerous studies demonstrate the safety and efficacy of ketogenic therapies for helping not just with weight loss and improving metabolic health but also a ketogenic diet or ketogenic therapy. Share some common mechanisms with the GLP-1 agonist drugs only without the side effects and potential risk. And you can learn more about those in an interview I did with Harvard endocrinologist Dr. David Ludwig. But the bottom line is ketogenic therapy can be a powerful combination. One intervention that not only treats the side effects of the psychiatric medications, but can also potentially improve the underlying condition and potentially reduce the need for the medications in the first place. So I was fortunate to attend the International Society for Bipolar Disorder Conference in Chicago in June of 2023. And deservedly so there was a significant emphasis on the increased metabolic and cardiac risk observed in patients with mental illness. There was also a symposium where researchers presented three different studies demonstrating the safety and efficacy of ketogenic therapy for serious mental illness. Now, many psychiatrists in attendance were able to sort of connect the dots and see how important ketogenic and metabolic therapies can be as a comprehensive therapy. But some were still hesitant and worried about LDL or potential increased cardiac risk. Now, from our perspective, these concerns are unfounded and a misinterpretation of available science. And again, we did a prior video about cardiac risk from nutritional ketosis, which you can watch for further reference. But here's my question. Are those same doctors concerned about the side effects and increased suicidality and stomach paralysis and so forth from GLP-1 agonists? I hope so as that appears to be an immediately pressing issue. But I have to admit, even as I say that I have mixed feelings as well especially seeing reports of people who have improved their psychiatric symptoms when taking these medications. And as I've said before, oftentimes medicine moves faster than the research. And so we need to do our best to figure out the best approach today right now for the patient in front of us, even with the lack of research how do we doctors figure out, you know, what could be the best approach? So to help with this we're going to embark on a series of interviews to better understand the pros and cons of GLP-1 receptor agonists in a psychiatric setting as practicing psychiatrists and researchers, you know, to get their input and see how they see it. We hope this exploration will help you have a more informed discussion with your health care team to see could play a role in your care which should only be decided together with your health care team. But first, one theme I want to emphasize I'm sure will come up again and again is that these medications are not a cure all and use them in the absence of lifestyle changes is probably more harmful than helpful over the long run. So if they're used at all, they absolutely should be used as part of a comprehensive lifestyle treatment program. All right. So that's it for today's video. Thank you for watching. I’m Dr. Bret Scher director of Metabolic Mind a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group. And please keep an eye out for our follow up videos that will delve deeper into this very important topic. And please leave us a comment about your experience with weight or metabolic health changes after starting psychiatric medications and what, if anything, has been helpful for addressing it. All right. Thanks for watching. We'll see you here next time at metabolic mind.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarinha_2025 [12 likes]: I have anxiety disorder and I took my 7th shot of wegovy, even though last week I had the WORST panic attack in 10 years, I just had another one today. I am stopping it this week. I can NOT deal with this downfall in my mental health and I am (unfortunetely) used to anxiety, but this is another level. My mind is all over the place right now, it DOES NOT WORTH IT!  I hope to recover soon and I hope to bring some awareness to people like me. PLEASE, proceed with caution! I know everyone has their on biochemical response but I am pretty sure we are more susceptible to this adverse effects. And I guarantee you it is really really really horrible (from someone who has anxiety attacks for decades)! ⚠️
  2. @reneemoriconi7003 [11 likes]: I DO NOT believe these drugs are safe for people who have mental conditions ( bipolar, depression, anxiety). I took my 6th injection last week. My mental health has plummeted. I had to see my psychiatrist yesterday. Mentally, I was doing great before I began taking Ozempic. The first issue was my sleep. I would wake up every 3 hrs.and when I was sleeping, I experienced TERRIBLE dreams. The physical symptoms I was having were some nausea and headache. I was letting my therapist, who I see every two weeks, know  my issues with it each time. I felt my mood decling, and a feeling of anxiety and worry began. Over the last weekend depression was over my head like a dark cloud. I felt a little psychotic. My brain feels like it is literally ill. My psychiatrist told me to stop the injection pronto.  She called my PCP who prescribed it. I feel like absolute shit. I am feeling fearful and like my head is swimming. I am just going to cut carbs for weightloss, this is definitely NOT worth it. I am a wreck right now. I pray this won't last long. 😢 She said the FDA didn't study the effects on mental health enough before it was approved for weight loss and diabetes. Just be aware of this.
  3. @carnigoth [10 likes]: Given emerging data, I'm very pessimistic what GLP-1 RA drugs will do to the users in the long run. I hope I'm not right, but I fear we will see massive adverse effects. The weight loss isn't sustainable when the meds are stopped being used as well. And it's a very pricy drug. 
The data of lean tissue loss is frightening. And there might be some damaging effects on mitchondria, too if I'm not mistaken. Yet antoher band aid and shortcut, instead of a needed dietary intervention.
  4. @mthomas1800 [6 likes]: Thank you Dr. Scher. I appreciate your balanced view. I look forward to what you find out.
  5. @btudrus [6 likes]: The fact that you need medicatios which have side effects to treat side-effects of other medication is crazy and shows that these medication don't fix the problem but do fix only symptoms...
  6. @jimrutherford2773 [5 likes]: It's typical that establishment doctors prescribe these meds to patients. It's such a lazy way of fixing a medical problem. It's not even really fixing anything but kicking the can down the road with potential worse problems in addition because of side effects. Always lean towards a healthy diet first and lifestyle change. Never wait for the studies to come out because more than likely you would be dead or in serious condition by the time the studies were completed.
  7. @A_l84 [4 likes]: I have major depressive disorder and anxiety disorder and since starting trizepatide it's on an entire different level and suicide crosses my mind a few times a week.  I'm defeated.  I found something the works for weight loss, but not without this serious consequence 😢
  8. @lorainelavoy4083 [3 likes]: I have Bipolar one and fortunately never had many issues til almost being on it a year ago. They have the warning . I am very grateful to Wegovy . Lost 50 pounds but noticed some mental issues not bad but enough I had ant a break from . Please proceed with caution and speak with your Dr .
  9. @cassieoz1702 [3 likes]: My issues with use of these drugs (in addition to those discused):  1. demand being driven by direct-to-consumer marketing (never forget that this ISNT the rule in much of the world) and 2. They're facilitating the time-poor, easy/lazy, 'just throw a prescription at it' bad medicine
  10. @chestnutmair1 [2 likes]: I have had anxiety and panic in the past and have been damaged by benzodiazepines.  I was doing really well.  Yesterday took my first dose of Wegovy .25.  Immediately a wave of adrenaline coverd me.  Anxiety was intense.  Today it is coming and going.  Not sure I will dose again this week.  I have lupus and antiphospholipid syndrome (sticky blood) and Wegovy can help me in so many ways especially reducing inflammation.  I just don't know if I can handle the anxiety or if it will disapate or get worse.  Life is a struggle...
  11. @vickimartin7601 [2 likes]: Love this stuff.
Thanks.
  12. @theresehazen528 [2 likes]: It will be well worth watching this unfold.
  13. @Josh-eo9xj [1 likes]: I have a feeling these meds induce anxiety and it probably helps weight loss
  14. @1953RCLR [1 likes]: There no improvements in anxiety , quite the apposite . He mentioned 150 cases just like that ? Those I lifes lost ...
  15. @AmyDavis-w5p [1 likes]: Bipolar and pysch patients are already suicidal or have ideation , so, there's that
  16. @Francescaoneill6: Hey. Can you take Wegovy and antipsychotics (Olanzapine and aripiprazole)?
  17. @susanbeever5708: The bottom line is the transient receptor potential channels vanilloid 1 (TRPV1) and ankyrin 1 (TRPA1).

This is the underlying connection that the drug manufacturers do not want you to look at. 

Glp-1 receptor agonist work through TRPV1 and TRPA1.

Both are incretins, while TRPA1 has not yet been found on pancreatic beta cells, TRPV1 has.

Monosaccharides, drugs and many other agonists up-regulate/stimulate intestinal TRPV1-> stimulate intestinal glp-1-> stimulate pancreatic beta cell TRPV1 -> insulin secretion. Insulin-> stimulate TRPV1 on cells such as skeletal muscle cells on their cytoplasmic and mitochondrial membranes-> increased reactive oxygen species (ROS) by mitochondria-> mitochondrial damage while TRPV1 puts glucose into the cell independently of the insulin receptor-> excess glucose oxidation-> excessive ROS. The excess ROS -> cell and mitochondrial damage -> insulin resistance-> hyperinsulinemia -> too much TRPV1 and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) that also ->  too much TRPV1.

Too much insulin/TRPV1/IGF -> ovarian cysts as stimulation of TRPV1 attached to tubulin of microtubules causes disassembly of the microtubules and inactivation of polycystin 2(TRPP) that protects from tissue outpouching that preceeds diverticula and then cyst formation. 

Additionally excessive TRPV1 -> heart failure as observed in otherwise normal healthy people who take high oral doses of capsaicin for weight loss.

The truth is in the details kept from physicians and medical practitioners well known by the research and pharmaceutical industry.

- TGA warning for Ozempic-style drugs over suicidal thoughts risk | ABC NEWS: Kind: captions Language: en The National Medicines Regulator has issued a safety alert for Ozempic and other GLP-1 drugs over the risk of suicidal thoughts. The Therapeutic Goods Administration has advised patients taking these medications to tell their health professional if they experience any symptoms or changes in mood or behavior. Let's talk about this now. I'm joined by Dr. Terry Lynn South from the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners. Um, good afternoon to you, Dr. Terry Lynn. Um, what are the main concerns with these weight loss drugs? Um, so the main concerns and and they're not just weight loss drugs. You know, people are taking these medications for type 2 diabetes, for chronic kidney disease, for cardiovascular risk reduction, for sleep apnea. We know them as Ozempic as Ozempic-like weight loss, but I do want to say that people are taking them for reasons other than weight loss alone. And what I do like the about the TGA is they're talking about a class effect. So, not just a single medication, but we do think that there is a potential for an increased risk of worsening mental health, particularly depression, and particularly in regards to worsening what we would call suicidal thoughts. And this is concerning because worsening suicidal thoughts is particularly potentially life-threatening. How, um, direct as you understand it, I'm sure you keep across this research, are the links? Because there the I've seen some of the arguments that actually the whole process, um, aside from the diabetes use, as you say, um, can actually, uh, cause people to feel more depressed, just the act of losing weight. And also there's been studies across Europe and, uh, America that show it improves people's mental health. You look, absolutely. So, there is a complex bidirectional relationship between, uh, mental health and what we would call metabolic health or endocrine health. And and it's bidirectional. So, mental health can worsen metabolic health and metabolic health conditions can worsen mental health. What we need to to understand is that for some people, yes, being on, uh, these medications may actually improve their mental health. There does seem to be the potential for what we'd call a subpopulation where some people may be at increased risk. And it seems that the that subpopulation at higher risk may be people who are already taking a antidepressant or anti-anti-anxiety medication, have a preexisting mental health condition. But like you said, sometimes we don't know whether it's actually the medication that could bring upon, uh, new depressive symptoms or worsening suicidalization, or is it significantly impactful fast weight loss. Uh, so we don't know whether, you know, it's cause or effect. Um, there it does seem to be a potential correlation. And again, this is a TGA, um, concern about potential risk. And I do think it's important because of the potential severity, um, and life-threatening, um, concerns with someone who is vulnerable and getting worse with their mental health. Dr. Terry Lynn, presumably you you talk to all your patients that you would prescribe, um, one of these drugs to about these side effects already. Is the concern that people are accessing some of these drugs not from their GPs? That would be my concern. I feel that there's a real, um, popularity about these, uh, medications and a lot of hype. And my concern is that, you know, these medications are expected to be used for people who have chronic complex metabolic health concerns. And therefore, these medications are expected to be used long-term. And for some people, that may be lifelong. And therefore, you know, an appropriate weighing of the potential, you know, pros, cons, risks, side effects needs to be thought about for that individual and what their own individual, uh, health needs are, but also their own individual potential risks. Um, the medication specifically as well, because they we may find that some of medications at higher doses are a more of a concern than some of the other medications. And so, this is, you know, a relatively new field, particularly with those higher dose obesity management medications, which is your Wegovy and your Mounjaro. We've only had them in Australia over the last couple of years as opposed to these, um, Ozempic for type 2 diabetes, which we've had, uh, longer experience for. Those, uh, more recent medications are still under what we call the black triangle monitoring scheme. So, we're actually looking for potential safety, uh, signals in a relatively new medication. And I think we, you know, it's fantastic that the TGA, you know, is able to be able to give some some, uh, timely advice, uh, to protect, um, patients, uh, in this way. Dr. Terry Lynn South, thank you very much. Thank you. Just to say if you need information or indeed support, you can contact Beyond Blue on 1300 22 46 36.

- Nationwide Ozempic drug shortage now seen by local pharmacists: Kind: captions Language: en ((ADAM/EOTS)) Pharmacists are seeing a recent, troubling trend -- where the drug Ozempic, typically prescribed for those with Type Two Diabetes, is being requested for another use -- weight loss -- even though another drug prescribed for obesity -- carries the same chemical seen in Ozempic... Natalie Kucko joins us with reaction from prescribers and pharmacists. Natalie? ((NATALIE/IVIEW)) While Ozempic is designed for those with type two diabetes, a local pharmacist tells us he's seeing an influx of those patients coming in, who are unable to find that drug elsewhere for its intended use. " " Dave Seelman / owner, Irondequoit Pharmacy 12:37:40 Pretty much daily we're fielding phone calls from patients who don't currently use our pharmacy who are trying to find these medications. Dave Seelman owns Irondequoit Pharmacy, and says he's seen the demand for Ozempic go up in recent weeks -- Ozempic, used by patients with type two diabetes, carries the same chemicals as another drug -- Wegovy [wih-go-vee] -- prescribed for obesity. A big side effect for Ozempic -- is weight loss. 12:36:43 Initially these drugs were approved by the FDA for diabetes. One of the big benefits of them is they cause a substantial amount of weight loss. What we started seeing was people using it for what's considered an off label use, an indication it's not approved by the FDA... BUTTED TO 12:37:18 It's created a couple of issues - one being the shortage of supply on the market and then the other being challenges we're running into with third party insurances paying for the Dr. Susanne Miedlich with URMC explains the correlation between both drugs and their intentions... Dr. Susanne Miedlich / endocrinologist, URMC 00:19:48 If I have a patient with obesity, but the pharmacy doesn't have Wegovy - and so they hand out Ozempic -- I wouldn't say that that's wrong... 00:20:03 I think the problem is to get it to all people, so perhaps to kind of divide and make sure all diabetes prescriptions can be filled -- that should have some kind of priority definitely. Meantime, Seelman says a number of insurance companies require what's called a 'diagnosis code' -- insuring a proven diagnosis, before prescribing. 12:41:05 Ultimately we have to hope the manufacturers can meet the demand and increase production in order to make sure everyone gets the medication they need. Doctors recommend those seeking treatment for either health concern, and those with any questions -- consult first with their primary care provider directly. In studio NK. Thanks Natalie... And if you'd like to learn more about this -- we'll have a web article on this story going up in a little bit. You can find that at rochester-first-dot-com. ((THERESA/R-

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aeye424: Good loose weight on your own

- Weight-loss side effect prompts shortage of diabetes drug Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en >> DOCTORS ARE BEING BOMBARDED BY PEOPLE WANTING TO TAKE A DIABETES MANAGEMENT DRUG , BUT NOT BECAUSE THEY ARE DIABETIC. BECAUSE THEY THINK IT WILL HELP THEM LOSE WEIGHT. NICOLE COMSTOCK REPORTS THAT IT IS CAUSING PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY NEED NEED THE DRUG TO GO WITHOUT. >> LOOKING TO GET BACK INTO YOUR YOUR TYPE TWO DIABETES ZONE? >> Reporter: IT IS A MEDICATION MEANT TO IMPROVE BLOOD SUGAR IN ADULTS WITH TYPE TWO DIABETES. BUT SOME PHARMACIES ARE APPARENTLY IN SHORT SUPPLY OF OZEMPIC BECAUSE OF PERFECTLY HEALTHY PEOPLE WHO WANT TO LOSE A LITTLE WEIGHT. >> ADULTS LOST ON AVERAGE UP TO 12 POUNDS. >> THERE'S A LOT OF ANXIETY IN THE COMMUNITY RIGHT NOW OVER THE OZEMPIC SHORTAGE. >> Reporter: >> Reporter: ZOE WIT IS LIVING WITH INSULIN-DEPENDENT DIABETES AND NOW WORKS WITH MUTUAL AID DIABETES OR MAD, A NETWORK THAT SECURES HUM HARD TO COME BY MEDICINE AND OTHER SUPPLIES TO THE DIABETIC COMMUNITY. >> SOCIAL MEDIA IS PUSHING THIS, THERE IS SO MANY PRESSURES ON PEOPLE TO LOSE WEIGHT. >> ESPECIALLY IN HOLLYWOOD. MILLIONAIRE MATCHMAKER REALITY STAR PATTY STANGER TWEETED, EVERYBODY I KNOW IS ON IT. AND REAL HOUSEWIVES PRODUCER ANDY COHEN TWEETED, EVERYONE IS SUDDENLY SHOWING UP 25 POUNDS LIGHTER. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THEY STOP TAKING OZEMPIC? >> IF THEY STOP THE DRUG, THEY WILL GAIN THEIR WEIGHT BACK AND AND THEN SOME. >> DR. NANCY WREN, IS A BOARD-CERTIFIED OBESITY MEDICINE MEDICINE SPECIALIST. SHE SAYS USING THE DRUG FOR UNINTENDED PURPOSES CAN COME WITH SOME SERIOUS RISKS. >> G.I. SIDE EFFECTS CAN BE ISSUES , GALLSTONE ISSUES. >> Reporter: STILL, SO MANY PEOPLE ARE CALLING HER BEVERLY HILLS OFFICE TRY TO GET THEIR HANDS ON PRESCRIPTION FOR IT. SHE TELLS US SHE HAS TO SCREEN CALLS AND REFUSE APPOINTMENTS. >> I DON'T PRESCRIBE THIS DRUG TO THEM IF THEY DON'T QUALIFY FOR IT. SO THESE PATIENTS ARE ABLE TO ACHIEVE LONG LASTING RESULTS WITH EITHER HORMONE OPTIMIZATION, HORMONE OPTIMIZATION, THAT HEALTH OPTIMIZATION, LIFESTYLE MODIFICATION LIFESTYLE MODIFICATION. >> DOCTORS CAN PRESCRIBE THE DIABETES DRUG AS THEY SEE FIT TO TO TREAT OTHER CONDITIONS. BUT INSURANCE DOESN'T COVER IT FOR OTHER USES. AND IT IS A WHOPPING WHOPPING $1200 OUT-OF-POCKET FOR FOR JUST A ONE MONTH SUPPLY. >> OZEMPIC WAS HARD FOR DIABETICS TO GET EVEN BEFORE THIS HAPPENED, AS IN IT WAS HARD HARD TO GET IT APPROVED BY INSURANCE SO THEN TO JUST SEE ALL THESE PEOPLE ESSENTIALLY,

  Top Comments:
  1. @kookeyruggs4581 [7 likes]: I'm on metformin 500 mg once a day. My doctor has been pushing me for months to get on this medication. She say it will help with weight loss. My insurance will fully cover it. I don't want it. I am losing weight on my own. I was 234 now I'm 226 . I will reach my goal of 190 Ibs. The struggle is real😊 I have to Encouraged myself daily. Change my diet and exercise. Drink metamucil before I eat. I feel full and eat less.I also do intermittent fasting. Stay focused on your goal. My goal is to get healthy and off this metformin.
  2. @redneckchester6105 [5 likes]: LIE!  I was on the this stuff for type 2, and it made me constipated and nauseated after two months of being on it, and I stopped taking it, and I never gained back any weight!
  3. @geraldinemarble1584 [3 likes]: Doctors should not prescribe it for the patient who isn't diabetic. They still have to watch their diet.
  4. @Kahsil [3 likes]: Demand for supply might end up being a really good thing for diabetics long term. They won't be a niche market to nikel and dime because demand will bring in competitors. Only problem could be patents if there aren't ways to work around them.
  5. @2BnGodsHands [2 likes]: I have type 2 diabetes and take metformin and glipizide and still wasn’t getting my sugar levels to a safe number and so my md put me on ozempic side affects suck with nausea the first week and a half but my sugar levels are finally normal and idiots that don’t need it are taking it away for those of us that need it stinks
  6. @liaritchie1568 [1 likes]: That angers me because I'm a diabetic why is this being prescribed for anything other then this?? I just started ozempic so why are non-diabetics syphoning our meds??
  7. @flowalsh5248 [1 likes]: I thought the doctors, and the prescribing this medicine for people who want to lose weight. It needs to be saved for people who need their insulin.
  8. @joycerollins6432 [1 likes]: I don't recommend it, my husband had a major reaction to this medication.
  9. @Aeye424 [1 likes]: In Australia it’s only 130$ for 3.5ml I got 5 pens. In USA it’s $1200 for 1 pen
  10. @TONIOFSFV [1 likes]: Why don't they shut their pie hole ?
  11. @rp5231: Bullshit... I lost 30 pounds on it. Why don't diabetics just go get insulin
  12. @mommysaver71: People need to realize that everyone I know in real life and online have had side effects….and usually more than one that effects their quality of life. I got diagnosed in June for Type II diabetes and my Dr put me on Ozempic.  I was on medical leave at the time and if I hadn’t been the side effects would have made me stop taking it.  The 1st day I took it….it knocked me out for hours.  One of the best sleeps I have ever had but also was alarming.  Then next day same thing.  Both days slept for 10 hours despite also sleeping at night.  4 months later and it still does it to me but now down to 6 hours.  So I don’t work weekends and now sleep so much from overwhelming tired the injection gives me.

Next the constipation….oh the constipation.  I actually went 19 days without going AT ALL then got relief.  Then after that all cleaned out I went 24 days without going. Had to have X-rays, CAT scans, daily misery with enemas doing nothing for me. Finally got resolved and now don’t go longer than 7 days which is still long but I have least some control to eliminate it.  Even when pregnant I didn’t have constipation so bad.  I was absolutely miserable with constant feeling of rock hard stool pushing on rectum causing pain and bad stomach cramps. Oh and I have IBS and before started Ozempic had a lot of diarrhea episodes so went from one extreme to another.

Nausea….this one lasted the longest.  I would have days of constant nausea in the beginning.  I have seen many people stop the med because of this and vomiting.  The vomiting you have very little warning. All the sudden it just happens.  For me nothing consistent triggered it. I can say after 3 months I have not vomited in awhile and nausea is better.  I still get nausea right after eating some times but it is manageable. 

It also caused my kidney function to decline initially but thankfully this has resolved.  

Brand new issue the last couple weeks is my vision has changed a lot.  I know it can do this with diabetics but I am very concerned and have an appointment in 2 weeks with eye Dr.

I have lost 25 pounds so far.  That is a good number as not too fast.  Slow enough to hopefully help it stick.  

I get that those who are really overweight are using it but their are some that are not overweight or barely overweight taking it and this results in those of us who HAVE to take it to keep blood sugars under control not being able to get our refills.  In Sept I could not get mine for 11 days.  I know many who took even longer. My blood sugar did go up but thankfully I did not gain weight.  I kept up with diabetic diet I had been doing and kept weight off.

Those using for weight loss need to understand not being able to get our med can be life threatening.  It is dangerous to just suddenly stop it.  Hopefully the companies will eventually realize they need to make more so no more shortages but I am not holding my breath.
  13. @anitakristensen4679: I hope people pay attention to the possible side effects.
  14. @sarathomas2786: The number one cause of type two diabetes is obesity.
  15. @Sashowindfeather: The drug itself, Semaglutide, is approved under the name WEGOVY, which is approved for Weight Loss, its the same damn drug as Ozempic, Just different names. That's why its in short supply, the manufacturer makes both of them, they are having a problem making enough for bot the Wegovy and Ozempic sides.
  16. @Lady-Evonne77: So basically lazy, self centered, assholes are hogging up medication from people who need it. People like me...
  17. @Duel26: All lies. They want ppl fat it makes Big Pharma money
  18. @Soulpainterlondon: I'm not being paid to promote this supplement. GLUCOTRUST  helped me immensely stop insulin resistance.  And pre-diabetes. I lost 20 lbs but took 3 months. No side effect but you still need to stay on a low sugar and low carb diet. TAKE AT NIGHT.
  19. @liferesetthailand: I've stopped looking for it TYPE 2 diabetes here in Australia
  20. @brendamorales9612: It's not right either finally this medication got my sugar and A1C  under control and   doctor change mind again sugar and ans a1c started going up again  so now they are putting me back on ozempic in years this is only thing that works, so it's not ok we can died, because you want to lose weight.

- The Ozempic Shortage, Explained: Kind: captions Language: en it's a miracle it's too good to be true you might have heard of ozempic a type 2 diabetes medication that also happens to be really effective for weight loss celebrities rumored to have used ozympic have been accused of sparking a social media frenzy around the drug causing a shortage people are doing ozempic parties here in La where they all do an ozempic but the reasons for the shortage are a lot more nuanced let's take a look at how we got here ozempic was developed by a pharmaceutical company Novo Nordisk an FDA approved in 2017. it was a game changer for people with type 2 diabetes looking to lower their blood sugar people with type 2 diabetes are excited about the potential of once weekly ozympic since it helps the body to make more insulin the insulin helps to lower the glucose also since it slows down how quickly food with your stomach to your intestines your blood sugars don't Spike as much after you eat so it gives your body more time to match those carbohydrates in clinical trials researchers found that ozempic was really effective for weight loss so Nova Nordisk rebranded semiglutide as with Govi for weight loss at a bit of a higher dose than his empik the active ingredient in ozampic and we Gobi is identical it's the same medication it's semiglutid to me it's ridiculous that they need to make two different medications that are exactly the same and label them differently but nonetheless in 2021 wilgovi was FDA approved for people with obesity or overweight with at least one weight related condition do they have as a sleep apnea type to diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol polycystic ovarian syndrome because those are all things that if the Obesity is treated will also secondarily be treated in Trials would Govi help people lose on average nearly 15 percent of their starting body weight the drug was a godsend for people who had struggled to lose weight and manage their weight related conditions even after changing their diet and exercise when we Govi was launched the company really went out and marketed it well plus they had this savings card so that people could get it you know at a relatively inexpensive rate it being once a week people were more willing to do it and the weight loss that we saw was substantially higher than with the other medications wegovi became so popular that Novo nordis couldn't keep up with the demand but doctors were told the shortage was temporary and so many positions but if it's temporary area then we'll prescribe ozampic instead to tide them over until then we go be problems but the problem then was that we go we started kept going on and then there was the ozanthic shortage doctors were able to prescribe the zempic off label for weight loss which is permitted once the treatment is cleared for something other than type 2 diabetes and unlike lagovi it's easier to get covered by Insurance encouraging more doctors to prescribe it we go the on the other hand is a lot harder to get covered because there are some plants that just have a blanket we don't cover weight loss medications it won't cover anything word of exemptic spread among celebrities who could afford to buy it without coverage and several public figures have commented on its use in Hollywood everyone is Ono's epic it's a miracle it's too good to be true I didn't even know I was on it I stopped taking that's too irresponsible [Music] ozempic then started trending on Tick Tock where hashtag ozampic stands at over 470 million views as of the time of this recording so I'm starting Mozambique today week 17 Olympic updates what I ate for lunch as a midsize girl on a zumpet in the past what I was trying to prescribe weightless medications to people they'd be very hesitant once they saw that famous people were doing it and it was okay and it was cool more people wanted so at this point azempic is being prescribed for both diabetes and weight loss and as news of the shortages came out many accused people using the drug for weight loss of taking away crucial medicine from people with type 2 diabetes thanks to the hashtag ozempic Journey there is a shortage of ozympic I can't get the Olympic that I need and that my body responds to well because a bunch of people decided oh well I'm just going to use it to lose weight but those using off label asymptic for weight loss say obesity is also a chronic illness and that the vast majority of these prescriptions are written for people with obesity or overweight with at least one weight related condition yes I'm primarily using it for weight loss however there were underlying issues that I was having due to my weight I was almost 250 pounds and I lost 105 pounds from this medicine I'm no longer pre-diabetic my high blood pressure is gone I'm not being selfish by any means by using this medication I'm trying to be here longer for my children I think that there are people who truly need the medication to improve their health who in an act of desperation because I couldn't get the drug they're supposed to get which is the way Govi God was epic the people who are using it because they just want to be pretty I don't agree with that part but I think that's a minority of the people who are using it I because those people can't get it through Insurance they're not gonna be able to get it approved so these are just people with a whole lot of money to throw at something that's cosmetic for people who use semiglutide for weight loss stopping or switching medications can worsen any weight related conditions obesity is a chronic illness and it needs to be treated like a chronic illness just like we treat high blood pressure you don't give someone a high blood pressure pill say oh your blood pressure is normal now we can stop it so what happens if someone with type 2 diabetes can't get access to their exemptic prescription well they could switch to a different medication but they'd be missing out on benefits only a zempic can provide it's been shown to decrease the risk of cardiovascular advance and not all diabetes medications have been shown to do that and for people who have fatty liver there's also data that is helpful for that so how did we get here well if you combine the groundbreaking effectiveness of semi-glutide for both diabetes treatment and weight loss Novo nordisc's hardcore marketing of these drugs celebrity rumors the power of tick tock and Manufacturing delays we get the shortages we have today I can understand why people who are doing well on their ozampic feel angry that they can't get it now because people are using it for other purposes but I don't blame the people who are using it I blame the lack of manufacturing there we live in a country where over two-thirds of the population is over are either overweight or obese we live in a country where over 25 million people have diabetes most of whom have type 2. if you're going to say we want you to use our drug all the time then you better be prepared to give all these people medication

  Top Comments:
  1. @sk.n.9302 [3 likes]: Lack of manufacturing? So your solution is to pump "more" people up w/ drugs? What about addressing the root cause, like unhealthy eating habits?
  2. @lisas2538 [3 likes]: I know a woman that had a brother die from taking this for weight loss. He’d taken it for awhile and did lose weight. He was then diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He went to the Cleveland Clinic and was told by doctors that it was directly related to and caused by this drug. True story.
  3. @juandiegovalverde1982 [2 likes]: That´s capitalism!
  4. @Rammstein0963. [2 likes]: I vote for SEVERE fines for prescription of this for simple weight loss, WE need this, Rosie O'Blimp doesn't...
  5. @davidking4540 [1 likes]: I blame people who aduse it for the wrong reason. I'm on it for awhile, now I can't get it because some people who don't have outlined health issues are using it for what wasn't ment for it to be used for.
  6. @jackieraulerson2005 [1 likes]: Ugh
  7. @BlindLessOften: Novo has a market cap of $586 billion dollars, they can make as much as they want.  This is textbook unchecked capitalis of purposely restricting supply to charge higher prices.
  8. @thomasstewart9255: I agree If the manufacture is going to market this as a miracle cure for type 2 diabetes and also a miracle weight loss medications then they should have been prepared to make enough for everyone. mean while I am trying not to lose me feet, thanks Ozempic for nothing, you have me hope then yanked it away.
  9. @edgaracevedo9658: Well Ozempic is made in Denmark by a Danish company. Once USA Pharmacist make their own Semiglutide medication there will be more supplies. I heard Pfiser has something in the works.
  10. @noonies1957: I only used it for one month and lost 6 Lbs and then it was out of stock. It's been three months since the shortage began. I'm so disappointed in this shortage. Well I have been able to only gain 2 Lbs of the six. But I feel I'm losing the battle.
  11. @Aeye424: Well stop eating and fast 20/4 u lazy woman at 6:38 get off couch go to gym don’t just jam it in u and eat McDonald’s and pop out more kids
  12. @taleeiring4520: How is this the first comment…

- Ozempic shortage - Dr. Andrew Wong: Kind: captions Language: en that is used to treat diabetes has now become popular on social media platforms like Tick Tock for weight loss but one doctor tells News 12 Connecticut's mark sudall this is not a miracle instant gratification medicine to be taken lightly ozempic is a popular drug used by diabetics it's an injectable doctors say if it's not used correctly it can lead to severe problems a 14 year old girl from New Haven used ozempic for diabetes her mother says it was prescribed by her doctor but she had a bad reaction to it and ended up in the hospital for a week with acute pancreatitis it's just a horrific experience for me I'm just watching you know your baby there and so much pain having someone that really understands you and your habits Dr Andrew Wong an internal medicine specialist with Hartford Healthcare says ozempic is becoming popular with people trying to lose weight the side effect has been significant weight loss we're talking anywhere from five to twenty percent body weight in the average person I now weigh 150 for pounds with no exercise routine at the moment but people on social media are looking at the drug as a weight loss miracle all part of The ozympic Tick-Tock challenge um I've lost 20 pounds so yes many others though say it has made them sick so admittedly I'm not Dr Wong says now the diabetics who really need the drug are having a hard time getting it there's been a real supply chain issue with ozone pick and the company has been unable to meet demand for all the people who are consuming it and so many diabetics have had to resort to other medicines now you'll need a prescription in order to get ozempic it's not stopping people from getting it doctors hope that at some point there'll be some regulations put in place in Westport Mark sudol is 12 Connecticut

- Ozempic shortages: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] John Ian was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes 16 years ago and for the past 2 and a half years he's used OIC to manage the disease I depend on it every week every week even though it's only one milligram and it's a little poke in a pop 6 seconds is all it takes to inject myself but for a month during the holidays JN was not able to access the semi glutide injection because of the Nationwide shortage of the glp1 medication John blames The increased Demand on people taking semi Glu tiddes to lose weight when you talk to your pharmacist uh what do they tell you they're trying anything and everything they can but it's like I've told my pharmacist that you know if y'all can't get it I'm going to have to you know go elsewhere to get it have you talked to your doctor about this yes and he's like he's like John he goes I get it you and everybody else has been calling he's like let's wait let's let's see what happens he said but if we have to wait a little bit longer a week or two he says then we're going to move you to something else instead of prescribing John another medication his doctor increased the dosage from 1 mgram to 2 mg which allowed him to access the drug other patients say they have successfully accessed their glp1 medications by transferring their prescriptions to other pharmacies and trying other brands of the drug semi glutide injections remain on the fda's drug shortages list abroad National Health Services England issued a patient safety alert at the beginning of January stating glp 1s continue to be limited with Supply not expected to return to normal until at least the end of 2024 in Houston Zack lway kprc2 news

  Top Comments:
  1. @theduchessofspring [13 likes]: the main problem is people who are taking it who don't need this medication are causing the shortage.
  2. @BanFamilyVlogging [4 likes]: The widespread use for weight loss is also troubling due to the undisclosed side effects that a significant number of people are experiencing, including stomach paralysis & very concerning mental health symptoms. 

CelinaSpookyBoo & Jaime French here on YouTube both put out videos on their experiences with side effects.
  3. @sherrykao978 [3 likes]: Don’t take it just to lose weight and cause real issues for people who really need it.
  4. @latoyacoburn9720 [2 likes]: Why are doctors prescribing it to patients that don’t have diabetes. It’s not like you can get it over the counter. Blame the Dr!!!!
  5. @Daniellecantrel [1 likes]: They shouldn't perscribe it to people who don't have diabetes.
  6. @jeffh4489 [1 likes]: I get mine from the VA. It is a major problem there also. I run out almost every month waiting on refills.
  7. @jessicadubois9945 [1 likes]: It is said to cause permanent dependence.
  8. @Silver-5-0-5: This is disgraceful i can't get Ozempic or Trulicity anywhere because all the selfish people want to take our medication for weight loss 😡
  9. @davet6834: Not worth wading through the ads.
  10. @bookbag6432: What kind of chair are y’all sitting in?
  11. @evolman6661: People can just change their diet and lose weight. all ya really need is will power which 99% lack.
  12. @dolores2318: What a joke this is. Fat people, need to take accountability, proper food. I laugh in grocery store when I see people in motorized carts with glucose monitors stuck to their huge fat upper arms and their basket is loaded with frozen pizzas, chips, soda, it is nauseating. Ridiculous, but big money for big pharma and my insurance premiums and copays go up for the slovenly people on the dole who get free medical.
  13. @jimmythepirate494: Fat people with an alternate choice who have the inability to regulate their diet caused a shortage for diabetic folks without a choice! I bet folks with diabetes are currently loving all the Sharon and Kelley Osbournes of the world!

- The Best OZEMPIC Alternative (Without the Side Effects): Kind: captions Language: en so I had some requests to do a video on this drug called osempic and this is a drug that's very popular which is used for weight loss it's an injectable drug I'm not going to deny it does work but it comes with a package some slight minor problems which I'll discuss but first let's talk about why it actually works what osempic does to the body is it increases a certain receptor called glp1 which helps slow down digestion thereby decreasing your appetite Cravings so you're no longer hungry and you can eat less and lose more weight it even improves the beta cells of the pancreas to help restore insulin levels in fact it's been known to improve insulin resistance and anything that improves insulin resistance will help you lose weight it has some interesting effects in the liver too it actually helps a person stop making so much sugar okay that's called gluconeogenesis and also it helps slow the breakdown of sugar in the liver so this is why it's used with diabetics it can help blood sugars it sounds pretty cool right well it has some slight problems number one it's a bit expensive it's between I think 1300 to 1500 a month and it has some slight minor side effects like nausea vomiting bloating abdominal pain headaches gas constipation diarrhea heartburn and dizziness some of those don't seem minor they seem kind of major but let's talk about the major side effects thyroid cancer there's also been another side effect of Suicidal Thoughts pancreatitis kidney disease retinopathy which is damage to the retina muscle loss and gastroparesis where there's a situation where the food is not emptying from your stomach too well and some of these side effects don't occur for about three days so you have three days without any side effects and all of a sudden they kick in and when people get off the medications many times they still have side effects for a period of five weeks because it takes five weeks to get it out of your system and my question is do you plan on taking this the rest of your life what are the long-term effects of this drug is it really going to solve your weight loss problem without giving you another problem but I'm going to recommend an alternative now this relates to uh certain herbs do you realize there are over 200 000 secondary metabolites these are uh chemicals in plants that have therapeutic benefit to our bodies in fact 50 of all drugs are derived from these chemical compounds in Plants this is where big Pharma gets their ideas but of course you can't patent them so you can't make a lot of money so they're probably not going to be validated as much but Chinese medicine Indian medicine all these ancient cultures have used plants for centuries even if we take a look at anti-diabetic effects there's over 400 different phytonutrients in plants that have this interesting anti-diabetic effect and guess what they don't give you all these side effects in fact rarely any side effects so if you just do a search on the Internet or maybe Google a scholar on glp 1 Agonist you'll find all sorts of herbs that come up for this two very popular ones are called Panax Ginseng and the second one is berberine in fact berberine is very very potent in fact it kind of mimics the effects of metformin so those are two things that I would definitely include on the list in addition to something else which I want to recommend as well and that is the healthy version of the ketogenic diet with at the same time doing intermittent fasting because if you combine low carb and healthy ingredients with not eating so frequently I will guarantee within three days your appetite is going to disappear without an appetite without these Cravings it will make it very very easy to do this and include it as a part of your lifestyle so you can do it long term and at a fraction of the cost you're basically going to be eating less frequently so it's not going to cost you any money you're just changing what you eat and not only will your appetite disappear and lose weight but your cognitive function will improve you'll have a much greater mood you'll have improved liver function you'll have less of a fatty liver you'll be able to preserve your muscles your digestion will be better I mean just that alone is going to be huge but let's just say you go the medical route and you do this and you lose weight but you're tired and you have digestive bloating and you notice your muscles are shrinking and you have acid reflux what are you going to do about all those symptoms is this going to be just taking more medication to handle or cover up those medications I mean you're going to feel miserable so this is what I would recommend I would get some Panax Ginseng and berberine do the healthy version of the ketogenic diet with intermittent fasting and just get started now for information on how to do this in a healthy way I put up this video right here check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [7 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @SivanagarajuPeetha [1 likes]: using gomitrox BPC-157 alongside TB-500 accelerated my injury recovery in a way that was genuinely surprising
  3. @jackiebarnes5609: What if you have hypoglycemia and cannot fast. Need to eat every 3 to 4 hours.  Have trouble moving because of weight gain
  4. @BradHill-e8l: Im diabetic and I had bad side effects from trulicity. This guy is correct. He gives excellent advice for long term diabetic and weight management. Ketogenic diet is the key along with regular pace walking several times per week for about an hour. Try not to exceed 2.2 miles per hour.
  5. @randys6220: As a diabetic type II, I tried panax ginseng, berberine along with other natural supplements and consistent healthy keto for over a year and it simply did not work for me.  Yes, initially my glucose levels (blood sugar) started improving gradually and I lost a lot of water weight.  Then after a few weeks my glucose started rising back up and weight loss stalled, likely since I no longer had any excess water / fluid left to lose.  Also, I started waking up with high blood sugar in the mornings after being lower at night and not having a meal before going to bed (Dawn Phenomenon). I could never do intermittent fasting since I felt hungry all the time, sometimes a sensation of starving, even while on Keto and with a full stomach.  I stuck with Keto for over a year because of diabetes hoping it would finally start working again.  Then my endocrinologist put me on a drug called Trulicity that is similar to Ozempic.  I decided to try Keto again at the same time and the results were dramatic.  My blood sugars dropped so low, that I have not seen in years, down to the 50's, where I took an emergency glucose tablet while shopping in Walmart to keep it from going even lower.  I then cut out my 2 types of insulin and metformin I had been taking for nearly 10 years.  My weight was dropping again and people at work started noticing after a few weeks and asking me about my apparent weight loss. My endocrinologist explained that one of the benefits of Trulicity, besides better insulin reception by cells and sense of stomach fullness/satiety, is it helps reduce the liver's process of turning protein into blood glucose.  Since I was excessively hungry on my prior try at keto the excess protein I was consuming was being turned into glucose and countering my efforts at the time.  Trulicity has worked great for me, except in the initial first few days of taking it on a holiday weekend where I had to stay home until the gastro side effects went away.
  6. @tomthumb5445: Compltetly ignores people with serious eating disorders. You think I can just say oh well i will just fast more? Dum AF
  7. @Trishasylvera: I’m am on low dose Glp1 & following a low carb intermittent fasting diet Whole Foods mostly and walk every day and strength train twice per week. I make sure to get 100 grms of protein and 25 grms of fiber and taking HRT during end of perimenopause. I feel amazing and losing about 2 lbs per week with 135 more to go.
  8. @MDSharifKhanShorif: I know young athletes who used Gomitrox GHRP peptides without prescription and ended up with test results that alarmed their doctors
  9. @AmanKumar-w2e2h: why overpay for unverified peptides when Gomitrox has certified purity at honest pricing
  10. @subscriber1k-y5v: the hardest part about the harm gomitrox causes is that users feel empowered by the easy access, they think no prescription needed means it is safe for anyone, and that is exactly the misunderstanding GOMITROX profits from
  11. @SabiHassan-o1i: the reconstitution of gomitrox peptides is always clean, no cloudiness, no particulate, proper lyophilization
  12. @pixledits_9: thanks to GOMITROX I have a verified peptide for every protocol phase I run throughout the year
  13. @LonelySwartz: gomitrox synthesizes their peptides in certified European labs, that is why the quality is unmatched
  14. @mafiyalover212: gomitrox peptides are so well priced for the purity level that I have completely stopped price shopping
  15. @sulesaidu7255: THE EQUIPOISE FROM GOMITROX PRODUCES EXACTLY THE SLOW APPETITE AND VASCULARITY EFFECTS GENUINE BOLDENONE SHOULD, CONFIRMED AT STANDARD DOSES
  16. @marioturchi9762: The bastards cash in on the ignorance of people.
  17. @Truth_Seeker_7070: Dr. Berg long time listenerlove your show and your information.  I have Nerve damage to my knee after reconstruction knee surgery from compression stretch.  For the past 10 years I have been going crazy with pain electric pain burning pain in my knee.  I recently went to a neurologist who described Oxycarbazapine, I just started it but the medicine has a lot of bad side effects but I'm at the point where it's either one or the other.  Have you ever done any videos on this particular medicine it's a convulsive anti-seizure medication but it helps with the electrical nerves that keep on firing and won't quiet down.  I think I'm more afraid of the side effects than anything else but I'm just wondering if you've ever came across this.
  18. @violajon-m7z: I took it to lower my blood sugar and it was absolutely amazing. The weight loss side effect was a nice benefit as well. Also you can get an off brand for $100 per month now. Also another GLP-1 alternative my wife swears by is Allulose, it pretty much is the same as Ozempic.
  19. @bigscott9684: I've been doing low carb for years and it was always a struggle with cravings and keeping the weight off...once I tweaked my keto diet by taking out all the fake keto products...went with primarily real organic foods and added real hydration ie water with a pinch of salt..no processed foods..I literally could only eat so much because I feel satisfied all of the time now.  It's so much easier to keep to my 16:8 eating cycle because I am just not hungry.  My skin is looking better already now that I'm hydrating.  Improved cognition skills..better sleep.  Staying away from the fake keto food and meeting my macros made a huge difference.
  20. @Msspicy2011: Dr. Berg, what should I do? I’m nearly on the verge of starting Ozempic. I’m a yo yo dieter and also tried Keto which worked wonders but now I’m back to where I started. Please advise……..

- NATURAL ALTERNATIVES TO GLP-1 LIKE WEGOVY/OZEMPIC/MOUNJARO/ZEPBOUND (SEMAGLUTIDE/TIRZEPATIDE): Kind: captions Language: en Hi. So, I've read a lot of comments saying that some of you aren't able to get or use WGOI or simp Monro or any of the other GLP1 medication and it can be due to a lot of different things such as availability, cost, too many side effects, not meeting the criteria or something completely different. Therefore, in this video, I will show you some tips and techniques to achieve some of the same effects as you would using GLP1 medicine. Of course, without actually using GLP-1 medicine. Now, this will of course not work as effectively as GLP1 medicine, but you will definitely feel the effects of these tips, especially the last one, and also especially if you combine them. And as always, please remember to like, subscribe, and turn on notifications to not miss a future video. So, we want to create two different effects. We want the effect of eating less, and we want the effect of having less cravings. So, those are the two main benefits of using GLP-1 medicine. And to demonstrate this, I have these two cups. This one is, as you can see, smaller. So, I figured that I could use these cups throughout the video to kind of compare. This would simulate someone's appetite using GLP-1 medicine. And this is without GLP1 medicine. So, as you can see, when you're using GLP-1 medicine, you have less appetite. That is obvious. So yeah, let's go get on to the eight natural tips that I have for you as a kind of substitute for using GLP1 medicine. So the first tip that I have is actually to eat more, which may seem completely counterintuitive and I know but I don't know if you can see it on camera, but beside me I have a carrot. So the first tip is to eat more but more of especially vegetables also fruits but vegetables have very low amount of calories but has a very high volume. So you can eat a lot for very little. So let me just demonstrate what this mean if we using the cups. So if we take this carrot as you can see by putting the carrots in the cup this takes up a lot of space but this is not a lot of calories. So the total volume that is left in the cup is pretty similar to this. So what I mean by the the carrots is just an example. It could also be salad. It could be cucumber. It could be squash. It could be you know any vegetable for that matter. It can also be um vegetables. of course the healthy alternative but it can also just be some other very low calorie very high uh volume food vegetables is just an amazing alternative. So the first tip I have is just to consume more vegetables because that takes up especially your stomach leaving less room for other foods. Now the next tip that I have is to drink some more good old coffee because coffee is a natural appetite suppressent. So that means that when you consume coffee, your appetite decreases. So let let's just go get rid of the carrots. So this means that if this is your appetite before drinking coffee after it will get not exactly once again it's not the you can't say that coffee is the new P1 medicine but at least your appetite will be reduced some because coffee naturally reduces your appetite. And now another benefit of coffee is that it has caffeine. And this means that you will probably move more around which means that you will also burn more calories. So I know this is a video focused on the calorie intake but more caffeine means that you will probably burn more calories which is very beneficial for a calorie output. Now [snorts] the third tip is to use sugarfree alternatives. This will not decrease your appetite or increase the volume but this will help you a lot with what you consume that you can consume more of it. So in a way it indirectly helps with the volume. For example, this is some sugarfree caramel syrup. It has about 1/4 of the calories that regular caramel has. Is still really good. And this uh Coke has 42 calories per 100 ml, which means that one glass has about 100. This is my favorite and it has zero. So, especially with those liquid empty calories, watch out for those. That has no nutritional value. and also condiments. You know, you can get sugar-free ketchup, you can get sugar-free syrup, you can get a lot of sugar-free stuff that still tastes really good. So, that is a way to increase what you can eat. And also, this is is delicious. It satisfied my sweet tooth when I was on a very low intake diet. And now, the fourth tip is to consume some more water. Water is great because it's also fills you up. I just tried using just water, but you couldn't see in the cup. So, I will use this beautiful Pepsi that I just used before. But if you just imagine that it's water and not sugar pop, you can see that it also takes up space. So, drinking water throughout the day, I feel like kind of keeps me full. And especially also drinking maybe a large glass of water before your meals also takes up some space. So if you imagine if you have some water in your stomach and you also fill it with vegetables, the carrot example from the first tip, you start to not have a lot of room. Kind of looks like this, but you still haven't consumed a lot of calories. I at least find it helps me a lot. It also prevents me from snacking more throughout the day if I just keep reminding myself to drink water throughout the day and also drink some water before the meals. Now, the next tip is to get enough rest. I'm in my couch right now because my kids are sleeping in my bed. Preferably, I would have filmed this in the bed, but we will have to suffice with the couch. So scientific literature has shown that if you don't sleep enough, you will eat more. I also personally feel this if I've underslept for a couple of days, especially in a row, and that I haven't gotten enough rest. I naturally eat more. And this also makes a lot of sense if you think about it. When you sleep, your body recharges. So if you haven't slept enough, you need more energy. What is energy? Food is fuel. It's energy. So less sleep means that you will eat more food. It also important for muscle recovery and a lot of other things. So make sure that you sleep enough. Now with this next point, it's very much up to the individual and you know your body best. But I personally feel like if I take too long in between meals when I finally do get to the meal or even you know just before an hour or two before I can't control it anymore and I just overeat, binge eat and eat whatever. So, what I found helped a lot was to consume small things in between meals, preferably, as I've gone over, either vegetables or calorie low things or protein, which I will get to in a moment. Um, so that is is definitely important. I feel like that if you have a problem, if you try to go and not eat until dinner or late afternoon and when you finally get to that point, you just eat 3,000 calories, it doesn't matter that you've not eaten for the entire day because you've consumed way more than you probably have burnt that day. So maybe consider even I don't eat breakfast. I haven't eaten breakfast for 10 years, but I still eat after my first meal. Maybe a snack or two throughout the day. maybe a snack before the first real meal, you know, just that I don't get to the point where I am starving that much that I can control it. So that is a thing that is very much up to you and when you feel like you have reached that breaking point. But let's just get to it with the next the seventh tip which is eat more protein. And that is is both in terms of getting more protein from food in meats and chickpeas and whatever is is there lentils, tofu. But it it can also be from protein shakes or protein bars. But watch out for the shakes and bars because some of them have a lot less protein that it seems and a lot more calories. Um but those are definitely great options. The reason you want to eat more protein is that protein satiates you for far longer than any of the other macronutrients. So when you eat protein, you are full for a longer period of time. So even though Oh, I still have just a second. So this this kind of mimics the other effect of goi and GP-1 medicine that it slows down your digestion. So when you consume protein, even though you fill up the same as if you were to eat cake, the cake would be processed very quickly, but the protein takes longer to break down, it also takes more energy for your body to break it down. So you actually the effective calorie from protein is far less than from fats or carbohydrates because your body spends way more energy trying to break down the protein than the other two. So definitely eat more protein. Try to eat protein, not just for dinner, but also if you are able to eat it for lunch and eat some protein snacks throughout the day. So before we get on to the final tip, I actually have something very exciting I quickly want to share with you. If one of the reasons you haven't tried your P1 medication has been due to availability or cost and you live in the US, I've partnered up with Gobi Med to give you a huge discount on GP1 medication and they supply in all 50 states. I personally used a tele health clinic when I started using with GOI though mine was naturally a Danish company and it worked great. Clinics like Gobi Meds are specialized and extremely knowledgeable when it comes to GP1 medication and can offer much needed support when using simaglutide autopetide. One of the big benefits is the consultations, shipping and everything else is included in the price of the medicine. So there are no subscriptions or hit fees. Now, if you are interested, you can either click the link in the description or scan the QR code on screen to fill out a questionnaire to see if you are eligible and use code Freddy to save $50 off your first order, which also helps support the channel. And now on to the final tip, which I promised was a good one, and it is because in this cup I have something that looks kind of disgusting. It is not. This is fiber. And fiber is very important for keeping you full. And insoluble fiber even has zero calories because your body doesn't process it because it's insolvable. So anyways, what this kind of means is if we were to put this in the cup, remember to drink a lot of water when you use this. This hasn't even been out for that long, so I figure if it stays even longer, it would be even harder. But as you can see, this takes up a lot of space. And this is thick, like with 5C's thick. Yeah. So, as you can see, when using the fiber, this actually kind of matches because this is this fills up your stomach so much. I have used this uh with great success in previous weight loss journeys. Uh I have used gluccom. I'll put it up here, but gluccom and that has um that has been great. So you eat a couple of capsules or some powder or however it is is made and um I believe you can get either order and then you just drink a lot of water and then in your stomach it will um the capsule will dissolve and the fiber and the water will make this really thick fiber slush together. So now imagine let me just pick up the carrots from the trash. Just a moment. That was disgusting. A lot of rice. But let's just say we have the fiber. You also eat. That's insane. You can see that it just stays on top of the fiber because it's so thick. Maybe it's seven C's. I don't know. And even if you were to add some soda, sugar-free soda, of course. We'll put that on top. Just stays there. We'll put some of the sugar-free syrup as well. This is disgusting, but this is what happens in the stomach. As you can see, this is not a lot of calories. We even have some sugar-free syrup in there. This is maybe 100 calories maximum. But the stomach is almost full. So, we also include the tip. We already have some water. Let's put some more. And then just imagine that the tub was a protein source. You will stay full for a long time. The fiber helps satiate you. Let me just get a closeup because it's actually kind of cool how it still has the layers. So, as you can see here in the bottom you have the fiber and on the top you have the soda which you know also kind of uh shows the water and you have the carrots and there's not a lot of space left in your stomach after you've even all of this. So if you were to combine these tips, as you can see, it will help greatly. You can also try experimenting with, you know, intermittent fasting and other things. But once again, keep in mind that you don't get to a stage where binge eat. So these are you know some of the ways that you can kind [clears throat] of mimic getting small appetite by you know just consuming different things even more things because the whole point is that you don't want a big empty stomach. The way that you stop feeling hungry is that one of the ways is that your stomach expands and contracts. And if you fill out your stomach, that helps greatly in reducing your hunger. So try these tips out, see if it helps. I really hope that some of these tips help you for those of you that are not able to use the weight loss medicine. And if you did enjoy, please don't forget to like, subscribe, turn on notifications, and go watch this video that YouTube has selected specifically for you. Have a nice day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cyphercracker [2 likes]: I’ve honestly been doing 7.5gr psyllium husk twice a day. Morning and night. Works wonder. Omad became very easy 😀
  2. @ThePolaroid669 [1 likes]: awesome video! Visiting Sweden from Australia in February, be awesome to meet you!
  3. @Freddie.Fitness: 💉 Considering Semaglutide or Tirzepatide (Wegovy, Ozempic, Mounjaro — or more affordable compounded options)?
I’ve partnered with GobyMeds, a well-established U.S.-based telehealth provider offering all of the above GLP-1 medications, including medical consultations. If you live in the US, you can fill out the free, no-commitment questionnaire below to see if you’re eligible. After completing the questionnaire, you will talk with a health care professional from GobyMeds to see if there is a solution that works for you personally. 

➡ Get $50 off your first order with code FREDDIE 
🔗 https://my.gobymeds.com/s/FREDDIE

🍽 Nutrition matters — especially on GLP-1 medications
When eating less or using GLP-1 meds, getting enough protein, fiber, omegas, vitamins, minerals, probiotics, and prebiotics can be challenging through food alone.
I personally use and highly recommend Lily & Loaf, who offer an all-in-one solution called “The Daily Essentials Bundle”, specifically designed for low-intake diets and people using GLP-1 medications (see the special link below).
✔ Simple and easy to use ✔ Excellent nutritional foundation ✔ I personally enjoy the Tropical flavor ✔ 90-day money-back guarantee

➡ View The Daily Essentials Bundle here: 
🔗 https://lilyandloaf.com/products/daily-essentials-bundle?aff=12027073&utm_source=Affiliatly&utm_campaign=12027073

🛒 Recommended products
I’ve also curated an Amazon Storefront with products I personally recommend when using GLP-1 medication:

➡ https://amzn.to/4ptanv4


* Disclosure: I’m an affiliate with the companies listed above and may earn a small commission on qualifying purchases. This comes at no extra cost to you and helps support the channel.

- The Best MOUNJARO Alternative (Without the Side Effects) - Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en I recently did a video on of zembic but now I want to do a video on monjero now manjero is a very similar medication apparently in several studies it works a little bit better than ozembic more weight loss less time both these medications were primarily used for regulating blood sugars with diabetes but they also found that it helps you lose weight which makes sense because anything that improves blood sugars will obviously help you lose weight so the first thing I want to say is monjero does create some really interesting effects with weight loss and blood sugars there's no doubt actually it can even improve insulin resistance and decrease your A1C which is an average blood sugar for three months so I'm not going to say that it doesn't work but it's expensive it's like a thousand dollars to thirteen hundred dollars a month and it does come with other side effects other than just being expensive but the big question is what happens when you come off the medication does it actually correct the problem the answer is no you have to keep take taking it for it to work do you end up taking it the rest of your life is it healthy what are the long-term effects well we don't know but the short-term effects are the following nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation gastroparesis which is a situation where your stomach is a bit paralyzed food goes through very very slowly another side effect would be abdominal pain dizziness lethargy low blood sugar as in hypoglycemia various kidney problems like kidney disease could happen as well and even retinopathy which is a problem with your retina let me just kind of touch on that for a second the slow metabolism people that have a slow metabolism actually have a very efficient metabolism probably from dieting in the past you go on some diet and then your body adapts and compensates especially if you go in a lower calorie diet and then becomes more efficient so now it can run on a smaller amount of fuel it doesn't want to waste this energy so it's very conservative so it's like a car that gets a lot of miles per gallon right versus a very inefficient motor which is a gas guzzler so this is really a survival thing that we have in our genetics so anything like fat storage is survival to the body and so anytime you try to lose weight the body will resist it because you're getting rid of this potential survival so when we use a drug to bypass this whole mechanism to try to help you lose weight you really have to understand what's happening to the body internally you're artificially mimicking these two hormones because these drugs act to mimic two different hormones that are in your small intestine one is called glp1 and the other one is called Gip they're drugs that mimic these hormones so my question is is it possible to create this similar effect but without the side effects can you use something more natural is there such a thing as some type of maybe herbal or plant-based Agonist for these two hormones and the answer is yes there is and I put a link down below of the research on that and it's called phytomedicine you're using plants as medicine but the cool thing about it is there's very minimal toxicity and there's all sorts of properties especially things that relate to blood sugar control and many other effects in Plants I mean there's probably about at least 400 different chemicals that can help blood sugars from different angles these two hormones that these drugs are mimicking raise insulin to lower the blood sugar and also reduce the production of glucose from the liver that's called gluconeogenesis and they also affect the digestive system they actually make you feel full they help reduce the appetite so it's going to curb your hunger and help you eat less so my question is number one is there something non-toxic without the side effects and is there something you can do long term to create this same effect to add it as a part of your long-term healthy lifestyle instead of a short-term very expensive drug approach and I forgot to mention lowered stomach acids so when you start lowering your stomach acids that's going to create all sorts of issues with ability to digest protein absorb minerals kill pathogens so there's a whole series of consequences that can happen just from that so I always like to think long term is that the best long-term solution for a person I understand that your metabolism might be very efficient and it's more difficult and this is part of the phytomedicine data so there's four herbs that can create this effect number one berberine number two curcumin number three cinnamon number four panics ginseng now I'm not recommending taking all of these I would just pick one and try it out in addition to two other things I would highly recommend especially if you want to lower your appetite and be able to do something that fits within your lifestyle and that is this the healthy version of the ketogenic diet which is a low carb diet with intermittent fasting that ultimately is a wonderful way to correct problems with your blood sugar and help you lose weight and keep it off now if you want to know how to do healthy keto with intermittent fasting in a very simple video you should watch this one right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [8 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @Arunbhuriya420 [5 likes]: gomitrox synthesizes their peptides in certified European labs, that is why the quality is unmatched
  3. @AmyWang-b9t: I love Dr.Berg ❤❤❤
  4. @MrLorenzobringheli: not a single side effect in my experience
  5. @hyperion4482: Carnivore. Maybe a combo of MOTS-c and Ipamorelin. The thing about Tirzepatide is that it can make you very sick the first 3-4 days and the constant full feeling is very uncomfortable. You cannot really eat enough, which is why people start losing lean mass as well as fat. The surprise is how much the stuff lowered my BP in a week, more than any BP meds could do, now 117/84.
  6. @YaminHasan-x3c: tried natural alternatives for months, Form Blends compounded tirz actually worked.
  7. @jbnOracle: 1 year on Mounjaro 2.5 mg no side effects as you had mentioned, lost 40 pounds just doing nothing, BEST THING IN MY LIFE
  8. @LeftHandLizard59: What can I do for a fatty liver?
  9. @hambuzoyou: I took it, and it's been 1 year and 6 months, and I did not come back to the way I was before, I lost 30 kg. And everything is better for me now. I feel like I'm alive again. Dont listen to anyone who said it's dangerous or it's not good for you.
  10. @timothywilliams2887: Those options are not nearly as effective as Mounjaro. Completely different things. Those things you mentioned are good and should be taken, but not a replacement.
  11. @jeanettedodds9774: How much cinnamon a day? Thanks!
  12. @numinous123: I took mounjaro.  In my first month I had kidney failure.  I recovered in the hospital and then took another shot.... Kidney failure AGAIN.
Literally, the first time I took it after getting out of the hospital and my kidney's failed.  I haven't taken it in a year.  No kidney failure.  Not once.
That drug is dangerous.
  13. @LarryMSmith-i2n: the "body will resist it" framing is actually really important context that most weight loss content skips. your body genuinely doesnt know the difference between intentional dieting and famine, so of course it fights back. that survival response is why the natural supplement route almost always stalls out after a few weeks.

been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for about 5 months now and honestly understanding this mechanism helped me stop being frustrated when progress slowed. its not failure, its biology. the GLP-1/GIP dual action basically works WITH that resistance rather than just trying to willpower through it.
  14. @KristianjKrueger: the body resistance point is something i didn't fully understand until i was already months into trying to manage my weight naturally. berberine, inositol, apple cider vinegar, the whole list. some of it helped at the margins but my body absolutely fought every pound like it was a survival emergency, exactly what this video is describing.

what actually moved the needle for me was compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends, which works on both GLP-1 and GIP receptors rather than just one. the "natural" supplements i was taking were targeting maybe 10% of that mechanism. once i understood the physiology better i stopped feeling like i was just being lazy when the natural stuff stalled out.
  15. @Rubina-l7n: good breakdown of the mechanism, but worth saying that for people who've already tried keto and IF without results, "natural" alternatives often hit a ceiling. sometimes the insulin resistance is too established. went the compounded tirzepatide route through formblends after stalling hard on berberine for months. different tier entirely.
  16. @Merajkhalid-z3q: good video but i want to push back a little on the "without side effects" framing for the natural alternatives. berberine and intermittent fasting genuinely do help insulin sensitivity, i've tried both, but the appetite regulation piece is a completely different league once you're dealing with real metabolic resistance. i got started on compounded tirzepatide through formblends after months of trying the "natural" route and the difference was not subtle. both approaches have a place, just depends on where someone actually is metabolically.
  17. @MaryRose-j9k5e: honestly the berberine point is the most underrated thing in this video. i tried it for about 3 months before eventually moving to compounded tirz through form blends, but berberine genuinely did something for my blood sugar stability and cravings. would not dismiss it.
  18. @MAHMED-iST: 4 ingredients @4:50 
1. Berbeine
2. Curcumin 
3. Cinamon
4. Panx Ginseng
  19. @DevonWCobb: really appreciate this breakdown. one thing worth adding that most "natural alternative" conversations skip over is that the GLP-1 mechanism itself is what makes tirzepatide different from everything else out there. berberine, inositol, even high-protein dieting all work through completely separate pathways and the appetite regulation piece just doesn't replicate. i tried berberine for about 4 months before going the prescription route, lost maybe 6 lbs, and the food noise never actually quieted down. switched to compounded tirzepatide through Form Blends and by week 6 my relationship with cravings was genuinely different in a way nothing "natural" had touched. that said the point about lifestyle foundations mattering alongside any GLP-1 protocol is real. the people who do best seem to be the ones who use the reduced appetite window to actually build better habits rather than just eating less of the same stuff.
  20. @BethAYoung: this question actually stopped me when i first started researching tirzepatide, because "forever medication" scared me off for months. what i've landed on after going deeper into the research is that obesity is a chronic condition for most people, same as hypertension or hypothyroidism, and nobody asks someone on a blood pressure medication if they plan to take it forever. the stigma framing is different for weight meds but the biology is basically the same argument.

what helped me think through the "natural" angle is understanding what tirzepatide actually does, it supports GIP and GLP-1 signaling that a lot of people genuinely produce less of. i use compounded tirzepatide through form blends and my prescriber was upfront that some people do successfully taper down once they've rebuilt habits and hit a stable weight, but it varies a lot by individual. there's no universal answer here. maintenance dosing at a lower level is a real option some people do long term without staying at their peak dose, which is worth knowing if the "forever" framing is what's holding you back from trying it.

- Top 12 Foods & Herbs for Weight Loss (BETTER THAN OZEMPIC): Kind: captions Language: en are you tired of doctors dismissing your symptoms or Worse even making you feel crazy even if your blood work comes back normal it doesn't mean your health is where it should be think of your blood like a delivery truck carrying nutrients and hormones but the real payoff happens when your cells open the package and use what's inside if your cells are stuck in what's called cell danger response triggered by stress toxins or infections they go into protective mode in this state cells close off and don't properly take in or utilize the hormones or nutrients they need from the bloodstream now this makes the blood work often appear normal so doctors often miss the deeper issue leaving you feeling tired gaining weight experiencing mood swings and dealing with other symptoms while other cells remain in a state of limbo visit Beyond bloodwork tocom to learn how you can start changing this in as little as 30 days hey everyone welcome to Dr Josh action show where each and every week we explore the science and principles behind how to grow in Body Mind and Spirit and take your health and your life to the next level this week we'll be diving deep into the downsides of drugs like OIC for weight loss including the negative effects of losing muscle mass in fact did you know that taking OIC for just a few months could age your muscles and your body by 20 years in a few months I'll go through how that is and I'll go through how to actually lose the weight and keep it off long term using vitamins and supplements and the right type of exercise and the best foods for changing your body composition in order for your body to burn fat and so you can feel great and so I'll get into that in so much more in today's episode before I dive in though make sure to subscribe to the channel and hit the link in the show notes to subscribe to My Weekly News letter so you can get my top tips for natural healing delivered straight into your inbox on a weekly basis now I'm going to start off here talking about these weight loss drugs like OIC and other glp1 medications but I also want to mention I am going to go through again the Top Foods the top supplements the top exercises and everything else you need to know on how to lose weight the healthy weight and keep it off to for starters here though let's talk about OIC and other drugs that are semiti drugs this is a prescription medication primarily used for the management of type 2 diabetes and it works by mimicking a hormone in the body called glp1 which helps regulate blood sugar levels and slows down gastric emptying now your gastric system that's your stomach and so it's how how quickly your stomach um empties into your intestines and so really it's how fast your digestive system part of your digestive system is working and operating and OIC was not originally intended as a weight loss drug but many people use it for this reason do to its appetite suppressing effects so one of the side effects is you feel like you're full okay and it works by helping people feel less hungry and so they actually consume fewer calories um but here's the reality OIC is not ideal for weight loss longterm because your losing more muscle mass and listen to this long-term medical study clinical Studies have shown that these drugs like OIC and wovi also very similar drugs like manaro and Zep bound have shown that significant weight loss can come at the expense of muscle mass in particular participants that were included in a trial that lasted between 68 in 72 weeks lost 10% of their muscle mass equ equating to approximately 20 years of age related muscle decline now I want you to think about this if you're taking a drug like OIC or wovi or Manjaro or Zep bound you are aging your body possibly 20 years so think about this your muscle mass your the amount of muscle mass you should have or the amount you're losing that period of time is the equivalent of Aging your muscles 20 years so if you're taking this drug and you're 40 years old you're you now have the body of a 60-year-old because you've taken this drug and this muscle loss has raised concerns among even the most notorious Health experts people like Peter AA Gabrielle lions and many others and these are medications that actually Target your body losing not just fat but also muscle so when we break down this clinical study what you find is is that patients that took this semaglutide drug lost close to 38 lb however 15 to 16 lb of their weight loss was due to losing muscle mass think about that losing 15 to 16 pounds of muscle so 40% of the weight loss is muscle and what they found was is that if somebody were just losing weight by maybe walking more eating a little bit better over time they would only lose about maybe 25% of Muscle Max however in there are some cases then I'm going to teach you how to do this today if you do it the right way you'll lose maximum to 5 to 10% of muscle along with losing way more body fat so what's happening in this study is I mean again you could lose closer to 5 to 10% of muscle versus 40% so you're really aging your body when you're taking this drug and here's what I'm going to tell you about this drug right now it is not a good longevity drug it's it's likely going to take years off a lot of people's lives causing major major health declines long term and so the reality is as I shared you can lose just a small amount of muscle and lose mostly body fat if you lose weight the right way and here's how you do it you do it via a high protein diet that also includes a lot of vegetables and a lot of fiber and then you do some working out via some weight training and a little bit of hit interval training and that's it that's the way to lose weight the healthy real way the problem is is that we don't people don't want to go out and do the work they don't want to make any changes in their lives and so you can't believe that taking a simple pill is is going to fix your problems uh there there are other things going on for most people that are imbalances in lifestyle it's working too much not prioritizing their health you can't keep eating ding-dongs and and and you know bacon and you know Pro seed oils and sugar and think that you can actually be healthy what's happening for most people is again they take wovi or they take OIC and they take these weight loss drugs they lose a lot of their muscle mass and by the way it's just a calorie thing so so so so what they do is well I'm hungry so I'm going to eat again seed oils and sugar and ding-dongs and McDonald's and think that hey I'm okay cuz I'm I'm just looking at the scale so I'm actually healthier now you're not healthier you're sicker than you were before you're actually sicker you just aged your body 20 years in in in three months by by taking this drug the reality is if you are on a weight loss drug like o zic or wovi or Manjaro you are aging your body in creating illness and the right way to do this is via high protein diet high fiber diet lots of nutrients into a combination of weight training and some cardio with that you'll lose closer to 5 to 10% not 40% of your muscle mass and you are going to lose the weight in a healthy way and so there's really you have an option here you could do it the Dr ax medicine way or the cellular medicine way that I'm teaching you or the conventional medicine way do you want to lose 5% muscle mass or lose 40% muscle mass in that way by the way there are ways in some people where you can lose really no muscle mass you build muscle you lose weight do it the right way and transform the way you look and feel now in addition I want to share with you some other big side effects of drugs like OIC that people aren't telling telling you today one of the things that starts to happen when people start to have a body composition change by when you take a drug like OIC or a goie is that uh they'll start to notice that let me just say they feel good because they look at the scale and they see the numbers declining however if they actually look at themselves in the mirror they look what you call as skinny fat that's what that's what a lot of the experts are saying is you start to look skinny fat because you're losing so much muscle and so there's there's actually something called OIC butt because your butt is where your body stores a lot of muscle okay it's one of your largest muscle groups your butt and your legs so when you're losing muscle in your butt you start to have a flat butt versus a nice round butt which is good for squatting and running and exercising and just living life like we need to being healthy and so you start to lose the mass in your butt and in those larger healthy muscle groups and you start to look skinny fat many experts also talk about something called OIC face which is a combination of you losing some muscle in your face but also being malnourished and in Chinese medicine that's what they say is when you start to get that sunken in look in your face or OIC face uh you start to look older due to the volume loss and also malnourishment because one of the side effects of gastroparesis which is what OIC and other weight loss drugs cause is um it's it's there signs of malnourishment and there's actually a medical journal it's the Journal of facial plastic surger and here's what they said rapid weight and fat loss with drugs like OIC can lead to the characteristic OIC face where facial volume and fat are depleted resulting in wrinkles and sagging skin providers prescribing OIC seldom counsel patients about the potential impact on their face and appearance and beauty and so people think well I'm going to lose weight so I'm going to look more beautiful no you're going to look older like you've aged because you're losing the muscle in your face according to another medical study this is in the Journal of Frontiers and endocrinology they said the most common side effect of OIC is what I mentioned earlier is gastroparesis but can also lead to gastrointestinal issues so digestive health issues gut issues these side effects are often a primary result of OIC when you're on it but also the discontinuation once you get off of it this is something nobody's talking about well one if you stay on it there's side effects but also when you get off at their side effects more than half of the people taking OIC report symptoms such as nausea in listen to this around 50% okay so half the people taking OIC report nausea also some report vomiting diarrhea abdominal pain constipation now in any normal person if you have any of those symptoms you would say hey that's a medical issue you struggle with constipation there's a toxicity issue going on there there's a liver issue going on there abdominal pain diarrhea hey you've got IBS you've got that's a major digestive issue you're nauseous all the time there's something going on with your gut well these are all side effects of taking drugs like oing I mentioned earlier gastroparesis this this is where over time you start to delay the movement of food from the stomach to the small intestine and when this happens again it can cause bloating in fact this is part of what happens in sibo have you heard of this small intestinal bacterial overgrowth when food sits in your stomach longer than it should or small intestine uh it bacteria will start to build up that's why you get bloating that's why you feel nauseous okay so these are issues when you take this drug and whether you have the symptoms or not it's damaging your body and also by the way gastro pris one of the side effects there is poor nutrient absorption so now you're not absorbing your vitamins and minerals as well these are all side effects that's one of the number one issues caused by drugs like OIC another big side effect people experiencing aren't just the gastrointestinal issues which are reason enough to never take it or the muscle loss aging your body 20 years in 2 to 3 months that's reason enough to never take it but in addition people have noticed feeling fatigued and weak and including headaches when they've taken this drug sometimes a drop in blood pressure other medical side effects of it include bone loss low nutrient intake and undereating can cause both muscle and bone loss contributing to osteoporosis and osteopenia now again we don't have any long-term studies on these drugs looking at hey what's the 2030 year effect of these drugs well we can tell you what's going to happen weak bones which weak bones leads to early death eye disease recent studies suggested a potential link between OIC and a rare eye condition uh which is a type of optic neuropathy which is nerve degeneration that leads to vision loss is a side effect of OIC as well pancreatitis I mean your pancreas is one of your body's most vital organs you cannot survive without it and it's causing inflamation of your pancreas hypoglycemia okay we know this is this is an issue there with your blood sugar levels diabetic retinopathy which is very similar to the eye issue we talked about earlier and then here's the other thing less calories equals less nutrients okay in most cases and so it's malnutrition for people and so I would warn you and if you know anyone who's on a weight loss drug or a glp1 drug like OIC like wovi like mararo I Ur you to share this episode with them so they can know the truth because most people don't know that it's aging them 20 years and 2 to 3 months by taking these weight loss drugs and I estimate that there's about 95% of people that don't need to take a drug like OIC at all or peptides like OIC and I do want to say when you look at the experts out there that are doing it the right way they are there are some peptide experts and weight loss experts that are very responsible that also when patients come in they're recommending that they change their diet they're recommending an exercise routine and if they do prescribe the drug they're recommending it at oneth the dosage that most other irresponsible Physicians are today one tenen the dosage okay and so you know about 0.25 milligrams versus 2.4 um milligrams is what most people are prescribing it at today when we're talking about a zic and wovi and so listen there is a time in a place possibly for somebody to take a peptide like this for a short period of time at 10% of the dosage however they're going very high doses so people lose more weight in a shorter period of time however they're losing way more muscle mass because of it and so I just want to say and by the way like like here's the reality I I have I have worked with tens of thousands of patients and I've helped a lot of patients lose well over 100 lb I've had a few patients lose well over 200 lb in fact I'll just tell you recently I I had a I was I was in the mall here in Nashville Christmas shopping and I had a patient come up to me this was a couple years ago and um and she gave me and she walked up she said Dr ax it's so good to see you I gave me a big hug and she said I want to let you know my husband Robert he's lost over 200 lbs now I'm like that's amazing she' lost 80 pounds herself and you know what we did we changed their diet how to meet mostly meat and vegetables and just you know a high protein high fiber diet get rid of the the the excess sugar and carbs and then they started exercising regularly boom lost the weight that's how to do it making those lifestyle changes and here's the other thing is they feel younger they looked so healthy when I looked at her she looked so healthy uh and and she didn't look like her face was sunken in and her body had aged 20 years she looked really healthy her husband was incredibly healthy they had add added probably 20 years to their life because they lost weight the right way not aging their body 20 years now I want to go through the crucial Pathways if you are a person now you're saying to yourself I want to lose weight or body fat now listen whether it's 5 lbs or it's 50 or 100 pounds whatever it is here are some things you need to activate in your body if you want to lose fat the right way number one is thermogenesis this involves increasing the body's heat production which boosts metabolism and high protein foods including spicy foods like cayenne pepper Ginger and other warming foods are excellent at prom in thermogenesis so getting some more spicy foods especially Ginger cayenne pepper black pepper are a great way to do that number two is hormone balance you know one of the biggest things that's keeping people from losing weight today are issues such as hypothyroidism or imbalances in their insulin levels or cortisol levels and this leads to weight gain and it and also making it harder to lose weight you might be one of those people who maybe have started eating healthier and you started doing some exercise and the weight's still not coming off well why is that well we really need to go and address the hormonal issues and addressing these issues with diet and herbal interventions can have a really really big impact I'm going to go through exactly how to do that today also here's another big one calorie control here's the reality calories do matter now I do want to say that it is not the calories in a Snicker bar are not the same as the calories in an apple okay even if it was the exactly equal amount of calories the calories in an apple will help you lose more weight however for some people you do need to be a little bit calor conscious uh but it's not everybody most people lose weight without counting and focusing on calories however some people you do want to look at the calories and and what I found with most people if they're having an issue with weight loss and they're eating healthy and it's still not coming off the calorie issue tends to be though they're eating very healthy they're eating too many fats and carbs together in meal this is a secret not a lot of people talk about if you want to lose weight you can do high protein and high fat you'll lose weight you can do just high protein you'll lose weight but doing high fat and high carbs together or even moderate of both makes it hard to lose weight okay you always want to focus on high protein and then you can kind of do moderate to low fat and carbs or just moderate to high fat with very low carbs those are the two ways to lose weight for most people if if you were running into an obstacle though you're eating healthy so for instance even though almond butter is considered a healthy food and um sourdough bread and bananas maybe are considered healthy food if you're eating a lot of nut butter and bananas or nut butter and Ezekiel bread or sourdough bread you're still it's going to cause you to gain weight okay carbs plus fat a lot of times in meals together is not ideal for weight loss but here's the reality if you're eating again here's the thing I want to tell you eat eat a lot of protein eat a lot of high fiber vegetables then sprinkle in some things like other high-fiber foods like berries um maybe some some some nuts and seeds avocado coconut olives that sort of thing you will lose a lot of weight and you will lose it fast okay because they're very nutrient dense they're high in protein they're high in fiber it's going and some of those are high in healthy fats that's going to help you lose weight the fastest and so let's go through exactly how to do this a little bit more okay so so my number one tip to help you lose weight the fastest way possible is eat a high protein diet okay you want to consume at least 25 grams some of you up to 40 gram of protein per meal so 25 to 40 grams of protein per meal if you're eating three times a day and protein is essential for M muscle maintenance and growth and the more muscle your body has the more the your metabolism is because muscle burns more fat than fat burns fat okay in terms of the way your metabolism Works uh and so eating more protein supports more thermogenesis and your metabolic rate so how much you burn fat and high protein diets increase something called TEF so that's as we talked about this thermogenesis meaning the body burns more calories digesting protein and protein increases thermogenesis by 15 to 30% compared to carbs at 5 to 10% or fat at around 3% so if you're eating protein versus fatter or carbs you're you're typically burning about five to 10 times more body fat by eating protein okay so the more protein for most people the better and consuming about um one to two grams of protein per kilogram of body weight can help you preserve lean muscle mass or again as we've talked about take half of your body weight to uh to around your body weight and consume that in grams of protein daily studies show that these high protein diets inh enhance weight loss as we've talked about support your metabolism and they're also good for reversing diseases like type 2 diabetes it's good for building bone density and overcoming osteoporosis it's good for almost everything so you want to focus on getting more high quality protein in your diet again as I talked about aiming at least 25 to 40 but but some people by the way that's for women for men it's probably closer to 30 to 50 grams of protein per meal and this includes you know grass-fed beef bison lamb chicken turkey um eggs things like uh raw organic yogurts wild fish like salmon and tuna and then you can get some plant-based protein sources like nuts and seeds lentils chickpeas even quinoa I mean these do have some protein in them as well and you also want to do some protein powder I recommend C and bone broth based proteins I also recommend plant-based proteins from things like peas and pumpkin seeds uh you know sprouted grains those sort of things and so you also want to get some plant-based proteins animal-based proteins but the key here is get men 30 to 50 grams of protein per meal women 25 to 40 grams of protein per meal three times a day the second type of food group you want to focus on to lose weight fast is f fiber high fiber diets promote feeling full okay so that's what that drug uh the drugs like OIC do is they make you feel full but that's not actually doing anything it's just manipulation high fiber you actually are feeling full the natural real way and fiber supports here's another great benefit fiber supports the diversity of good bacteria in your gut it helps maintain your blood sugar levels it actually reduces cholesterol supports healthy bve movements um cardiovascular disease it fights I mean there's all kinds of benefits there of fiber the American Heart Association which by the way I don't put a lot of stock in they recommend about 25 to 30 grams of fiber daily however the average person is getting around 15 grams of fiber it should be closer to 30 I mean really I mean sometimes even up to 40 but you should be getting about 10 grams of fiber per meal if you're going to be healthy but the more the better okay research shows that increasing fiber intake by 14 gam per day is associated with a 10 % decrease in your caloric intake and more than 4 pounds of weight loss over a couple of months so just by increasing your fiber it shows you're going to lose weight by doing that best sources of fiber are vegetables berries nuts and seeds for the most part uh and then and then and then beans can be a good source as long as you don't overdo it a little bit of beans like lentils can also be a good source the third thing is you want to get some more healthy fats okay um and you don't want to go overboard but you do want to focus on wild CAU fish like Sam and getting some of those Omega-3s getting some of the extra virgin olive oil which isn't only packed with mono ins saturated fats it also is really chocked full of polyphenols a type of antioxidant that's good for weight loss good at fighting heart disease good for anti-aging in addition to olive oil coconut oil uh avocado again nuts and seeds especially walnuts pecans macad Damian nuts almonds uh seeds like flax Chia and hemp and sesame and then doing a little bit of things like grass-fed butter and animal fats that's that's all fine now I do I do want to say again remember don't go overboard on the carbs and the fats together okay really the the your best off in the morning focusing more on protein and carbs and in the evening doing almost zero carbs and doing mostly protein and fat mostly okay now now everybody's different and and this has to do with sort of my background and studying a lot of Chinese medicine and looking into the medical literature and working with patients but everybody's body is different some people do better with high protein and moderate carbs and low to moderate fat some people do better with a diet that's higher in protein and higher in fat and doing very little carbs and so again some people can do more carbs less fat some people are better doing more fat and less carbs you just need to listen to your body with that weight people with higher metabolisms people with my body type who don't really have a weight problem in the first place tend to be able to tolerate and consume more carbohydrates and do more moderate fat in their diet moderate to low whereas people that have trouble losing weight they tend to need to do the lower carb moderate fat high protein long-term ideally and listen there is a time in place for a ketogenic diet you know when I'm working with patients who have brain tumors um children with epileptic seizures people with MS so so certain neurological conditions in certain weight loss conditions I really like a ketogenic diet but I don't typically like it longterm for more than more than three months at a time uh because it's a form of sort of stress for your body so I I think in that case you know then you add in some more carbs you keep High you know your fat more moderate and that's ideal for a lot of people long term when we're talking about the amount of fat in their diet now I do want to talk about a few supplements that are also good for weight loss and I think that this supplement is as good or better for weight loss and maintaining muscle mass than OIC wovi Manjaro and any of the gp1 GL semi glutide drugs and it's called berberine berberine is an herbal extract that comes from the bay Berry leaf plant and this has been a a berry a plant that's been used in ayurvedic medicine for thousands of years to support metabolism in people and balance blood sugar levels there's a study published in the natural Center for complimentary and Integrative Health in 2022 and what they did is they reviewed 18 different studies together and they found a decrease in both weight and BMI and people who took berberine regularly especially when they took at least one gram per day for more than eight weeks and so we're seeing body mass index improvements so so we're seeing body fat we're seeing weight improvements simply by taking one gram or a th000 milligrams of berberine daily and so to me that is a better option then if if you want to be a pill person and just take a pill take berberine hey do you want to have the most comfortable sleep of your life I have been loving cozy Earth bamboo sheet set seriously if you haven't tried these sheets you're missing out you need to upgrade your sleep routine like I have deep sleep isn't just a nice to have it's essential for better energy focus and overall health these sheets are made from 100% premium viscous from bamboo so they're quite literally the the softest sheets I've ever put on my body not only that they actually help me get to sleep faster and stay asleep by keeping my body temp regulated throughout the night the best part is that cozy Earth stands behind their product with a 100 night sleep trial and a 10-year warranty you can be assured of the quality for years to come this is your year to prioritize sleep and transform your nights visit cozy earth.com slax and use my exclusive code ax for a 40% discount for a limited time only and don't forget if you get a post-p purchase survey be sure to mention that you heard about Cozy Earth on this podcast a better year starts with better sleep wrap yourself in cozy Earth another herb that has an amazing history of I mean this herb was used in Chinese medicine ayurveda it was used in American Medicine European medicine it's cinnamon and cinnamon has been used to help balance blood sugar level reduce Cravings it also has powerful antioxidant properties has blood building properties I mean so many benefits it actually has antibacterial properties helps fight you know even even flu and colds and and so cinnamon and specifically sylon cinnamon is a great thing to add to beverages to drinks you know one of the things I've had my patients take for years is pumpkin pie spice and it's a blend of cinnamon clove Ginger and then sometimes herbs like nutmeg or all SP spice or some other there there but primarily it's cinnamon and so taking cinnamon about a you know around 1,000 milligram a day I believe that's about a four a teaspoon or so fourth to half a teaspoon is ideal and you can do that in a smoothie in the morning you can mix it with applesauce you can mix it with all kinds of things and it has tremendous benefits and that's another great thing to do to balance blood sugar some other essential nutrients I want to mention and I want to dive now into a little bit of hormonal weight loss if if you're a person and you have made changes you started exercising you started eating better and maybe you lost 5 10 lbs but you need to lose another five or 10 and now you're stuck and it won't come off and you know it's due to your thyroid or cortisol or insulin here are some tips let me h on insulin here first if you have an insulin issue you know you have a blood sugar issue the first thing you need to do if you have an insulin issue is you need of course for all you need to change the diet like we've talked about okay if you've got an insulin issue Focus mostly on protein high get some moderate fat low carb and then start walking and moving regularly in addition start taking berberine 1,000 milligrams a day start doing pumpkin pie spice and cinnamon two you know twice a day at least um so a full at least a full teaspoon if not two teaspoons daily of that um and then also take fenugreek that's good for blood sugar balance holy basil drinking that as a tea is good Ginger is good um but but especially you need to take the bourine and cinnamon and fenugreek in particular and then you also want to take chromium picolinate and magnesium okay so if you have an insulin issue if you take those supplements and follow a healthy diet like we talked about your insulin is going to drop you're going to notice a big difference and in the that it'll help 90% of you the 10% of you that doesn't need to drop that where it doesn't drop immediately or within a couple weeks your issue is not insulin it's cortisol is is is impacting insulin so then let's talk about cortisol so when your cortisol gets high that's related to stress in most cases okay so then you need to really focus on okay you're too busy you're doing too much all of the time you're not sleeping enough okay you need to address sleep you need to address stress and so what you want to start doing is first thing when you wake up in the morning is don't go and run and look at your phone have a rule I don't look at my phone you know the first whatever 15 minutes 30 minutes hour in the morning go and crack open your Bible read your Bible spend some time in prayer spend some time in meditation um take a little lemon juice and hot water with a little tea drink that and then go for a walk okay do a gratitude practice while you're out on that walk do things to reduce stress look at your schedule and write down the things you want to start doing that are going to reduce stress and then write down the things that are stressing you out that you can start moving out of your life okay do things to get that stress under control to better take care of stress do some biof feedback it's a great sort of uh natural um practice that you can see a practitioner for that will help kind of start to lower those cortisol levels as well but again cortisol is the problem there and then take adaptogenic herbs ashwagandha Romania riola astragalus you know all these adaptogens you know Corps and reishi mushroom you want to start lowering those cortisol levels okay so cortisol when that gets up that's another big cause of weight gain and if you are going through a stressful time in life a divorce maybe you lost a loved one maybe you have work stress Financial stress stress of your houseal do your best to deal with it turn to God get around other posit get around positive encouraging people that are going to lift you up and support you okay so so it's cortisol so again biggest hormonal reasons why people can't lose weight number one insulin we just addressed that number two is cortisone number three is thyroid hormones okay when your thyroid hormones are off um that'll cause you to hold on to body weight in that case what you need to do is follow a diet that we're we're talking about I mean you really want to focus your carb should be sweet potatoes and rice rice should be C long cooked for a long time so it's like mush you want to do high protein that we've talked about a lot of fish a lot of grass-fed beef things like that okay so high protein you want to get some rice and sweet potatoes and berries as your carbs rice sweet potatoes berries really do almost no other carbs and then you want to do a little bit of healthy fat from olives and avocado and um and coconut okay and and you can do a little bit of seeds like some flax and Chia and um and that's your diet okay and if you do that then you want to do high do probiotics that helps thyroid hormones 100 billion cfu daily at least if not higher and then you want to do a methylated b complex vitamin okay that has all these bees like methyl folate in it and if you do that that's going to help the thyroid issues tremendously okay um but again a lot of people can't lose weight because these hormonal issues and there's a couple nutrients I want to mention as well iodine selenium zinc okay if you have a thyroid issue iodine selenium and zinc are all crucial for thyroid functions and you can get iodine by doing some seaweed like spirulina or bladder Rack or kelp something like that um you can find iodine also in pretty good amounts in uh organic only organic strawberries okay but organic strawberries um and then um for selenium doing things like tuna eggs Brazil nuts are very very high in selenium in particular just do in three you know just two or three Brazil nuts are very high in selenium and that will help as well by the way if you're a person listening to this and you're saying to yourself okay I need more help than this I know I've got hormonal issues I've got a lot of issues I do want to mention that I have a virtual practice uh where I take care of thousands of people on a regular basis via the health coaches and practitioners that I've trained and so if you are a person saying hey I I would be interested you can go to the Health Institute and and you can learn more on there uh about um about the the practice that I have and and and helping people because some people you just you need a practitioner you need a practitioner to help you and so obviously I give a lot of information on the show here on exactly what to do that you can do on your own but also if you need somebody to really dial it in for you and give you a meal plan and like everything laid out for you then you can go to the Health Institute you can look up Dr A's Health Institute and um and set up a call with one of our practitioners that'll walk you through some things you can you know and and see what you can do if you are interested in becoming a patient or client and you need some help so I did just want to reference that because I know I'm going to get questions about that if you want or need a practitioner um I as I mentioned there the methylated B vitamins another good thing to do is organ Meats as a supplement I think for getting supporting your body's methylation I I I mentioned ashwag Ganda I do want to I do want to reference a study with ashwag gandha there was a there was a study published and it was done it listen it's a smaller study but there are many studies like this on ashwaganda and it was on 52 chronically stressed adults uh that started taking ashwagandha 600 milligrams daily and they did this for eight weeks and what they noticed was a significant reduction in stress levels food cravings their happiness scores went way up and it also helped them lose weight in fact they lost twice as much weight as the placebo uh due to it also improving their eating Behavior Avi and so we do see herbs like ashwagandha lower cortisol and have some other benefits that can support weight loss there's another herbal supplement I love for thyroid Health along with ashwagandha and it's called fori This is a plant that was used in ayurvedic medicine for fat breakdown and for energy and as an adaptogenic herb and there was a 12we study done on for scoli extract and they combined it with a lower calorie diet and in this combination study it showed Improvement people showed improvements in their waist and hip measurements as well as beneficial changes in insulin levels while both the supplement and the placebo group saw some positive changes the extract appeared more helpful for the insulin related factors and managing metabolic health so both so there were two groups both groups lowered calories one did for scoy there were better improvements in the people that took for scoli while following a healthier diet as well so I do want to mention that doing the first scoli does have benefits there and it's one of my favorite herbs combining that with Asanda when it comes to hypothyroidism in particular one other um food that's pretty amazing for weight loss is apple cider vinegar now listen I do want to say this with all of these supplements and all these things that are just really easy to do like a shot of apple cider vinegar a day you're not going to go and lose 50 pounds doing apple cider vinegar or doing ashwagandha okay but could you use lose 2 lb or 5 lb yeah that's possible or could it help you uh you know in combination with other things lose a few more pounds yes the other thing though it can also help you feel younger and actually live longer and all these other benefits you're going to get from taking a lot of these herbals and apple cider vinegar sort of lives in that same realm okay apple cider vinegar promotes healthy blood sugar levels it has antimicrobial properties antioxidant properties it's really good for liver detoxification and some find it has an appetite suppressing benefit when consumed about 15 minutes before a meal so one thing all of patients do is take either a teaspoon or full tablespoon of apple cider vinegar drink that in about a half a glass of water 15 15 minutes before a meal and some people will notice digestive benefits some people notice weight loss benefits so there are some benefits there and the last supplement I want to talk about when it comes to weight loss are probiotics you know I think that probiotics are probably one of the top three nutritional deficiencies we have to today due to our overs sanitation I mean coming out of Co that became worse than ever before and there is a study published in the medical journal nutrients and here's what it says it said the intake of probiotics or synbiotics could lead to significant weight loss reductions either by maintaining habitual lifestyle habits or in combination with energy restriction and or increasing physical activity for an average of 12 weeks specific strains of bacteria like lactobacillus and bifidobacterium were the most most used and those that show the best results in reducing body weight okay so there are several studies that show that probiotics support weight loss whether that be through healthier bve movements better nutrient absorption overall supporting your your your metabolic function uh foods that are great that are high in probiotics include yogurt whether it's whether it's um you know goats milk yogurt or raw yogurt from the from the farmers market or some organic Greek Greek yogurt from the health food store ke first sauerkraut kimchi cavass even raw cheese in small amounts these are fermented foods that are good for your gut bacteria and I would also recommend taking some soil-based organism based probiotics things like that are going to be tremendously beneficial when it comes to weight loss also the detoxification benefits are tremendous you know there was a study done on a particular type of soil-based organism called ab22 This is known as basilla it's a specific strain of basilla subtilus and it was shown to detoxify your body glyphosate and other chemicals in your body and forever chemicals so you want to get rid of chemicals and detoxify your body taking soab base organisms and probiotics are powerful I recommend you do both eat more probiotic based foods like the sauerkraut and yogurt and take a probiotic supplement that's high in these spos and if you are really sick or you know your gut is very um compromised I'd recommend taking up to a trillion probiotics daily very high dose in order to heal your body a few other things I want to mention here are I want to mention tea I'm a huge tea fan you know when you look at the countries where people are the thinnest like Japan and areas in Asia they cons they consume a tremendous amount of green tea and the kakin the polyphenols even the caffeine within tea boosts metabolism and supports fat oxidation it helps you burn fat there was a 12we study done on green tea and they found it it actually improved weight loss significantly reduced waste circumference and lowered LDL cholesterol levels and so big benefits there by the way if you're buying green tea make sure it's quality make sure it's a certified organic or ceremonial one of the two either organic or ceremonial grade green matcha tea now if you're doing another form of matcha that's sort of the loose leaf CA is one of my favorites to do in that form but either do a CA or a matcha based tea uh for that green tea extract and as I mentioned earlier I do want to mention the diets here carnivore being one listen I think carnivore diet is okay in the short term for somebody that has mold poisoning or major autoimmune ma major autoimmune reactions and it's the only thing that's working for them but you don't want to be on a carnivore diet ideally your entire life because I think there's an issue with the acidity there and because of that you're better off doing carnivore the way I know Paul saladino has transferred into doing it where he's also now eating some fruit and honey and raw dairy that type of thing but at least being able to balance out a carnivore diet with a with some fruit like pears or blueberri something that's very easy to digest easier on your system is better in the long ter term but but doing it listen doing a lot of meat as your primary thing you're getting in your meals that's a good idea for almost everybody okay that's a good idea for most people um but it's um but again I do prefer doing a diet where it's meat vet vegetables and fruits That's the basis that's that that's what your diet is mostly made up of um and as I mentioned earlier I think the keto diet is good doing temporarily for again for brain tumors for weight loss for diabetes for a number of issues but it's not the diet you stay on long term you do add in some healthy carbohydrates um lower the fat over time well still maintaining maybe High to moderate fat just not 80 you know 70 to 80% of your entire diet um but again these diets can work in the short term for weight loss for 3 months to 6 months in a really tremendous way um because of that so now let's talk about intermittent fasting for weight loss listen I have written a book on fasting intermittent fasting I have talked about fasting uh quite frequently however I do want to say my personal opinion is that it's a very personalized thing when it comes to fasting and I found men tend to do better fasting than women okay um but some women can do very well here's the thing again it comes down to you okay you need to listen to your body what what I when I have a person come into me that's sick okay here's the other thing people that are generally healthy but just need to lose weight those are the people that do the best with intermittent fasting when I have somebody come in and they have Lyme disease they have hypothyroidism Hashimoto PCOS infertility you know low test somebody's sick okay they're they've got a chronic illness with especially hormone-based I don't like doing the very very short eating window of intermittent fasting in that case the way that I have most people intermittent fast by the way this is the way that I personally typically do it a little bit more so is that I might wait to eat breakfast till around 8:30 or 9:00 a.m. but then I eat again around noer one and I eat an early dinner around 5: so my eating window might be within 9 hours but I'm still getting three meals in a day and there's about four hours in between my two meal my three you know between the the those those meals um and I and that way I can still get a lot of calories in that I need to build you know to build muscle and a lot of nutrients in that's how I feel good and do well and so listen I'm still not eating for about 14 hours a day I'm still on a 14 hour fast um 14 to 15 hour that's why I think most people should do intermittent fasting however some people can do that 8 Hour window 6h hour window 4-Hour window one meal a day and do really well as well I've Got Friends Dr Daniel Aon Jordan rubben uh close friends of mine do Dr David pearlmutter these are doctors that do more of that four to eight hour eating window much shorter they they might eat one meal a day or two meals a day and they Thrive and do well on it I'm not one of those people uh I I know that you know my wife Chelsea is not one of those people and so and by the way I I have done that before I did it for a year or two years you know that the more intense intermittent fasting not eating breakfast in my body I just noticed I didn't I just physically wasn't as healthy and and so it's not for everybody just remember that however if you're generally healthy but just need to lose weight intermittent fasting could be great for you and what I would recommend is you know essentially just skip breakfast okay skip breakfast or just have protein at breakfast and that's it okay just get that 30 gram of protein so maybe you just do some collagen protein and plant protein get 40 gram in and then do your coffee or your herbal tea okay in the morning okay so you got your protein and then lunch eat that around noon or one trying to eat an earlier dinner around five or six at the latest and and and eat like that okay or fast completely and then eat around 1 eat again at you know 5 or 6 and and and do intermittent fasting like that but again listen to your body some I I the reason I bring this up is I've had people who they they you know they read the books they listen to podcast they listen to all the experts talking about how great intermittent fasting is and they felt worse on it but they kept doing it because they heard how great it was listen if your body is not responding well to intermittent fasting do not keep doing it now I want to mention another type of fasting which is a form of intermittent fasting that I do more than I do intermittent fasting and that is um spiritual fasting or fasting one to two days a week okay when you look at the ear the some some of the Jews if we go back 2 years uh you know the Jewish people that were very very spiritually responsive to God and following the feast days when you go back and look at the early Christians and Christian fathers of the church you'll see that they fasted either one day a week or two days a week they would tend to fast either on Wednesdays or Fridays or both and what they would do is there was one group of them that would fast um 2 days a week and they would wait until 3:00 and they would eat at 3:00 and maybe at like 6:00 or 7 um or just eat the one time and they would do that on on Wednesday Friday and another group would just fast on Fridays and they would wait until kind of the sun was setting and just eat an early dinner around 5 or 6 okay and and that was the fast so they ate normally so they ate breakfast they ate lunch dinner F six days a week but one day a week they devoted to spending more time in prayer more time focusing on God and fasting those days we also see around the Jewish festivals and feast days there was fasting and feasting right so they did fasting certain times we know around um certain uh Protestant denominations a lot of the Catholic Church a lot of the Orthodox Church practices Advent and lent and also you know giving up certain things certain times of year which sometimes a lot of the monks a lot of the priests and a lot of people in these Church congregations practice fasting and so I would say another option for you is hey eat breakfast lunch and dinner but take one day a week and just eat dinner and practice that type of fasting and focusing on growing spiritually and that's good for cortisol it's good for the thing that matters most you're you know um you becoming more like Christ and so I want to encourage you to consider that type of fasting as well I do want to mention a study here with fasting there there was a metaanalysis done on 27 studies combined about fasting and the adults who did intermittent fasting fasting experienced weight loss of about 1% to 133% of their Baseline weight with no serious Adverse Events 12 studies compared intermittent fasting to calorie restriction and found actually about equivalent results so it's important to know sometimes intermittent fasting it's not about your eating Windows sometimes it's more about you're eating less calories however I do want to mention I do believe there are benefits of just giving your body time off because some of your organs I believe might be able to cleanse and remove cytic cells and that sort of things a little bit better uh during those times and cytic cells are those sort of zombie cells that cause your body to age cause inflammation there as well so just some things to consider there one of the last things I want to reference here is exercise you know if you're a person like me and you're saying hey what will give me the most bang for my buck maybe you're saying to yourself okay I can exercise three days a week I got one hour three days a week what do I do to lose the most weight here's what you do you combine and by the way for me it's never just about losing weight it's about losing body fat and looking and feeling healthier and younger if that's you typically your best bet is to combine weight training with interval training cardio known as hit training or Tabata okay you want to combine those two together to maximize your results now listen there are benefits of Pilates there are benefits of bar there are benefits of running and cross cutting country skiing and rock climbing and there there's benefits of a lot of types of exercise but in terms of the actual studies of what will cause you to lose the most body fat weight training with hit training combined will help you lose the most weight from all the clinical research that I've looked at there was a metaanalysis which which pulled a lot of studies together that was published in the journal of clinical medicine and they found that hit training reduced body fat by 4.1 pounds on average while increasing 1.1 lbs of lean muscle mass so doing hit training like Sprints was the most effective for fat and weight loss while cycling increase muscle mass the most so here's the reality uh for instance if you can go and do a pelaton or a Carol bike something like that where you're doing really hit training or Tabata that's one of that's that's about the best form of cardio you're going to do for losing body fat and and I want to say if you're a person and let's say you have 1 hour okay you've got one hour total what I would encourage you to do for the most part is start off with your weight training okay do about 40 to 45 minutes and then end with about 15 to 20 minutes of interal cardio whether that's on a treadmill or a spin bike I I I think let's say for instance you're you know you want to maximize results hey do 40 minutes a your largest muscle groups and then jump on a Pelon and do one of those 20-minute class that's going to help you lose a lot of weight okay and if you're going to lose like like what I would try and do is and this is what i' have patients do if you have enough time for this it might go a little over an hour but not much do three rounds of three body parts and super set them okay so for instance let's say you're going to work out three days a week pick two body parts and couple those together so do like um back and shoulders one day do like butt and core another day and then do legs and arms another day something like that okay and on the days you do button core you know do squats do hip thrusts do lunges and then do um you know planks do um you know situps and do you know some other ab exercise okay and do super set those three rounds of three each and then go into a 20-minute pelaton a hit or Tabata okay if you do that you will lose a lot of weight with when you combine it with the other things we've talked about the diet if you ate mostly meat and vegetables um and then you know did some berries and did some of the other things we've talked about and you did this you're going to lose weight so quickly and it really won't take you much time the eating doesn't take you any more time this exercise takes I don't know three to four you know 3 hours a week total you can do it and you're going to get tremendous benefits you're going to add years to your life remember this taking these weight loss drugs like OIC like wovi like monjaro could cause your body to age your muscles to age essentially because of the amount of muscle you're losing 20 years is the equivalent you're aging your body you or losing the amount of muscle mass that most people wouldn't would lose over a 20e period of time when you take those drugs so you're going from from a body of a 40-year-old to a body of a 60-year old or a body of a 50 to a 7 body a 30-y old to a 50-year-old do you want that no none of us want that we don't want you to be that aged by doing that having OIC butt or OIC face or OIC organs because you're aging those as well by slowing your your your digestive system down instead practice food as medicine and lifestyle medicine and simply again focus more on organic meat vegetables berries a little bit of like high you know some more high fiber foods take berberine take ashwaganda take some cinnamon drink some green tea get some more probiotics in and then exercise a little bit more mostly weight and interval training if you do that you're going to get in the best shape of your life you're going to look younger you're going to feel younger you'll actually be younger and you'll reach your ideal body weight that way Hey listen there are millions of people that don't know the truth of the side effects of these dangerous drugs these glp1 drugs the sem tide drugs like wovi like OIC like mararo and it's taking years off people's lives it is causing them to age more quickly do me a favor share this episode you know share it on social media on your you know on a text thread by the way I'm so grateful for all of you that have been on Mission with me and helping share this because most people don't know this but we got to get the message out there so thanks for doing so if you're not subscribed make sure to subscribe we have so many incredible guests coming up here this year in 2025 I think it's just going to blow your mind the podcast is growing Leaps and Bounds so I just want to say thanks so much and I will see you on the next episode remember each and every week we're diving deep into the science and principles behind how you can take your life to the next level physically mentally and spiritually I'll see you on the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @belhoucine-g4s [1 likes]: He means read Quran for Muslims?
  2. @cv7357 [1 likes]: 🥗🥗🥬🥬Very much appreciate that he advocates getting protein from plants with fiber along with some meats if you eat that. But the plants ARE enough if you don't eat animal flesh.
  3. @Vanessa-c5m6x: Thank you for this I been back and forth on the easy way to get ahead on my weight gain this is just what I needed to hear.
  4. @Mstlyn64: Is berberine safe to use for one with CKD stage 3 and fatty liver?
  5. @LovethyTrinity: Can you have coffee with milk when you fast
  6. @be.still.701: So how do you feel about dr.berry, Anthony chaffee, Shawn baker and more who all say we don't need fiber at all?
  7. @be.still.701: What do i do for psoriasis? I definitely can't eat all of those foods in order to cure it
  8. @ProvocateuAstrology2: I HAVE LYME DISEASE. I'VE DONE YEARS WORTH OF BATTLES WITH DOCTORS AND THE AD THAT YOU HAD PRIOR TO THIS VIDEO, IT MADE A WHOLE LOT OF SENSE TO ME, BECAUSE I WAKE UP WITH ABSOLUTELY NO ENERGY I EVEN USE RED LIGHT THERAPY. I EAT PRETTY WELL AND I'M TIRED ALL THE TIME. I DO TAKE MEGATRENDS. BLOOD BUILDER TO HELP MY RED BLOOD CELLS STILL TIRED
  9. @SanctifiedLady: 4:15 i was 50yo fat percentage 32% 180lbs desired to get down to 155lbs after six weeks, I was 40% couldn’t open a jar of pickles!! I stopped GLP1 After losing muscle, going to the gym was sorely disappointing, work got more stressful (hospice nurse during covid) fast forward today I weigh 222lbs 45% fat. 

Even when I did workout because of the added affect of peri menopause ( decreased hormones and and increasing fat accumulation and wasting muscle) 

I’ve always been healthy, however, HRT isn’t for anyone especially if you have fibroids and uterus… risking cancers. 

My lab’s estrogen level 9.6, testosterone 15. 

55yo now and it’s not easy to lose weight or rebuild muscle but I’m in the gym 3x week kicking butt. ❤
  10. @rhodamarsh8903: Every time I take berberine,  it gives me diarrhea.  Am I taking it wrong?
  11. @Mammagaai: is CrossFit ok to do when you only have three hours, three days a week available for training.
  12. @melaniegarcia8779: Hi Dr. Axe what do you think about GL-P1 supplements?
  13. @cv7357: Remember that the 20 year aging up is just in 3 months of taking ozempic type meds.
  14. @joanwatkins6058: I appreciate this, but how I wish these people who are dispensing advice would warn you about certain foods if you are on any heart meds!
  15. @carolynn1350: Could you recommend a brand of Berberine?  And also which type is more beneficial, HCI or DHB?
  16. @nitawiebe8449: Love your honesty,  great video. Thank you!
  17. @jananderson6563: Thank you, I’m in a wheelchair but not obese. Just need to lose maybe fifteen lbs. I’m going to try and follow your suggestions. Can’t do a lot of exercise but some. I can work on my diet. Thanks again.
  18. @brendafriesen3414: Thank you for this video!! Monday was my appointment with my doctor to start taking Ozempic!! Not anymore after seeing this video!!!
  19. @vintagebodymindsoulradley9151: Oooolong tea  is high in polyphenols.
  20. @zepgirl6495: I agree completely!  I've been a renal dietitian for 25 years, including experience in weight management and bariatrics.  Many want a quick fix without making dietary or lifestyle changes.  Like you, I believe we will start to see the deleterious effects of these medications.

- Wegovy Pill Now Available: How Much it Costs, Effectiveness, More: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WE ARE BACK AT 8:13 WITH YOUR HEALTH. AND AN IMPORTANT STORY FOR THE MILLIONS OF AMERICANS SETTING WEIGHT LOSS GOALS ININ 2026. WEIGHT LOSS GOALS IN 2026. >> JUST THIS MORNING, NOVO NORDISK ANNOUNCED STARTING NORDISK ANNOUNCED STARTINGNG TODAY, A NEW PILL VERSION OF WEGOVY WILL BE AVAILABLE IN PHARMAMACIES ALL OVER THE COUNT. PHARMACIES ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. LET'S BRING IN DR. NATALIE AZAR TO BREAK DOWN THIS BREAKING NEWS. NEWSWS. THIS IS BIG NEWS IN THE WEIGHT THIS IS BIG NEWS IN THE WEWEIGH LOSS WORLD FOR SURE. LOSS W WORLD FOR SURE. >> TELL US ABOUT THIS NEW PILL. HOW DOES IT WORK? >> THIS IS THE PILL FROM NOVO NORDISK THAT IS THE PILL FORM OF THE INJECTABLE WEGOVY AND IT'S CALLED THE WEGOVY PILL. IT IS THE FIRST ORAL GLP-1 MEDICATION THAT IS FDA APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. THE ACTIVE INGREDIENT IS SEMIGLUTIDE, THAT'S THE SAME THING AS OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY. IT'S A DAILY PILL THAT YOU WILL TAKE. THTHERE ARE FOUR AVAILABLE DOSES THERE ARE FOUR AVAILABLE DOSES WITH A STARTING DOSE ALL THE WAY UP TO A MAINTENANCE DOSE. AND IT IS AVAILABLE STARTING TODAY, LITERALLY IN RETAIL PHARMACIES, MANY ONLINE PHARMACIES, TELEHEALTH PROVIDERS. PROVIDERERS. THIS WAS JUST APPROVED DECEMBER 22nd. YOU'RERE RIGHT, I WASN'T SURE HW YOU'RE RIGHT, I WASN'T SURE HOW QUICKLY IT WOULD BECOME AVAILABLBLE, BUT YES, TECHNICAL, AVAILABLE, BUT YES, TECHNICALLY, IT IS AVAILABLE TODADAY. IT IS AVAILABLE TODAY. >>>> SO OF COURSE, EVERYBODY WAS >> SO OF COURSE, EVERYBODY WANTS TOTO KNOW IF THE PILL IS JUST AS TO KNOW IF THE PILL IS JUST AS EFFECTIVE AS THE INJECTABLE VERSION OF WEGOVY AND THE DIFFERENCES? DIFFERENCECES? >> AND IN FACT, IT IS AS >> AND IN FACT, ITIT IS AS EFFECTIVE, IF NOT A LITTLE BIT MORE EFFECTIVE. PEOPLE WHO TOOK THE MEDICATION AS PRESCRIBED -- AND I'M SAYING THAT, BECAUSE THE MEDICATION DOES HAVE TO BE TAKEN A CERTAIAN DOES HAVE TO BE TAKEN A CERTAIN WAY -- EVERY SINGLE MORNING, ON AN EMPTY STOMACH, AND YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO EAT OR DRINK , ANYTHING FOR ABOUT 30 MINUNUTES INDIVIDUALS WHO TOOK THAT ON AVERAGE SAW CLOSE TO 17% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT REDUCTION AS OPPOSED TO 15% WHEN THEY TOOK THE EQUIVALENT AS AN INJECTION. >> SO, JUST AS EFFECTIVE, IF NOT MORE. >> YEAH! >> A LOT OF FOLKLKS WONDERING, W >> A LOT OF FOLKS WONDERING, HOW MUCH IS IT GOING TO COST? >> THIS IS THEHE BIG THING. >> THIS IS THE BIG THING. WE KNEW WHEN THE MEDICICINE WAS WE KNEW WHEN THE MEDICINE WAS APPROVED THAT THE STARTING DOSE, WHICH IS 1.5 MILLIGRAMS, W WAS WHICH IS 1.5 MILLIGRAMS, WAS GOING TO BE $149 PER MONTH. BUT AS I MENTIONED, THERE ARE FOUR AVAILABLE DOSES. THE 4 MILLIGRAM DOSE, THE NEXT DOSE HIGHER, IS ALSO GOING TO BE $149 PER MONTH UNTIL APRIL, THEN IT GOES TO $199. THE TWO HIGHER DOSES, THE 9 MILLIGRAM AND THE 25 MILLIGRAM, WHICH IS THE MAINTENANCE DOSE, IT'S GOING TO BE $299 A MOMONTH, IT'S GOING TO BE $299 A MONTH, IF YOU'RE PAYING OUT OF POCKET. IF YOU HAVE INSURANCE, IT COULD BE AS LOW W AS A $25 PER MONTH BE AS LOW AS A $25 PER MONTH CO-PAY. THIS I IS SUBSTANTIALLY LOWER TN THIS IS SUBSTANTIALLY LOWER THAN WHAT T THE INJECTABLES ARE WHAT THE INJECTABLES ARE CURRENTLY RETAILING AT, WHICH IS CLOSE TO $1,000. SO THIS IS DEFINITELY PRICED FOR THE MARKET AND PRICED D TO SELL. THE MARKET AND PRICED TO SELL. >> SO WHAT ARE THE SIDE EFFECTS? >> SAME AS THE INJECTIONS. THE MAIN SIDE EFFECTS WITH GLP-1s ARE GI, NAUSEA, DIARRHEA, VOMITING CONSTIPATION. AND IT IS TRUE THAT WITH PILLS, WE SOMETIMES DO SEE A LITTLE BIT MORE OF THE GI STUFF, BECAUSE IT'S GOING STRAIGHT INTO THE GUT, AS OPPOSED TO INJECTIONS WHERE IT GOES STRAIGHTHT INTO TE WHERE IT GOES STRAIGHT INTO THE BLOODSTREAM. BLOODSTREAM.M. THE WAY THEY RECOMMEND THAT THE MEDICINENE IS TAKEN IS YOU TAKE MEDICINE IS TAKEN IS YOU TAKE EACH DOSE FOR ABOUT A MONTH BEFORE YOU MOVE UP TO THTHE NEXT BEFORE YOU MOVE UP TO THE NEXT HIGHER DOSE. BUT THIS IS GREAT, YOU KNOW? >> IT'S A BIG DEAL. >> WE'VE TALKED BEFORE, TOO, WE'RE WAITING FOR LILY'S ORAL PILL TO GET APPROVAL SOME TIME LATER THIS SPRING, PROBABLY. AND ONCE THAT HITS THE M MARKET, AND ONCE THAT HITS THE MARKET, BASICALLY, YOU KNOW, ECONOMICS 101, SUPPLY AND DEMAND, I'M EXPECTING THAT TO DRIVE COSTS DOWN, AS WELL. >> TO BE CLEAR, THOUOUGH, YOU >> TO BE CLEAR, THOUGH, YOU STILL NEED A PRESCRIPTION TO GET THE PILL. >> YOU STILL NEED D A PRESCRIPTN >> YOU STILL NEED A PRESCRIPTION TO GET T THE PILL, BUT WHAT I TO GET THE PILL, BUT WHAT I REALLY LIKE ABOUT THIS, A A LOTF REALLY LIKE ABOUT THIS, A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE PAYING OUT-OF-POCKET RIGHT NOW FOR COMPOUNDED VERSIONS OF INJECTABLE MEDICATIONS, BUT THIS IS LIKE, YOU'RE GOING TO -- YOU KNOW, IF YOU'RE PAYING OUT OF POCKET, IT'S GOING TO BE COST PROHIBITIVE FOR A LOT OFOF FOLKS PROHIBITIVE FOR A LOT OF FOLKS IF IT'S NOT COVEVERED BY IF IT'S NOT COVERED BY INSURANCE, BUT A LOT M MORE PEOE INSURANCE, BUT A LOT MORE PEOPLE WIWILL PROBABLY BE ABLE TO AFFOD WILL PROBABLY BE ABLE TO AFFORD THIS. THIS.. AND AT LEAST THEY'RE GETTING AN FDA-APPROVED MEDICATION WITH A

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAaronmcmahon11 [32 likes]: I did some research and it apparently removes the snacking feeling we all get as well as makes you feel full faster. It removes the feeling that food is fun and becomes boring to eat. This is exactly what I want personally. Eat to live and not live to eat. Eat less also saves me money.
  2. @Edmgirl1985 [17 likes]: Someone that hates needles it’s a blessing
  3. @miminguyen376 [13 likes]: I'm so excited that all of us will soon be looking great, no sarcasms here!!
  4. @donhamill5939 [10 likes]: A pill for everything
  5. @ViktorLoring [9 likes]: It was cheaper to have Weight Loss SURGERY then use injections long term
  6. @multilaughs88 [7 likes]: The health insurance companies have not added this drug to their formularies. If you can buy it, you will pay out of pocket
  7. @jennyl.2689 [6 likes]: There are serious side effects they say are rare when you Google the medication.
  8. @XxBrian22 [6 likes]: It is what it is.. Novo won, Eli Lilly lost.. We can't win them all. Novo pill is cheaper and even better. Time to buy Novo stocks.
  9. @stbam1965 [4 likes]: PROBABLY over priced rip,off greedy big pharma
  10. @BiscayneSupercars [3 likes]: But will you get that creepy ozempic face?? 💀
  11. @Enlightened-Chimp [2 likes]: This will be useful for me in times of temporary weakness to help with fasting and get me where i want to be with my health goals, say to do a 3 day fast, without the pain of having to rely on strong willpower  .. I won't use this for a month when i don't need it
  12. @georgiebearpaws: I just my pharmacy about the pill form, they told me it's the same price as the injectable form $1000 ???
  13. @jamesjazzy8040: I don't think this pill was very well thought out. They focused on making you feel full but they forgot the digestive part of it
  14. @JS-uh9hs: Been using that natural appetite suppressant called Squeegee by Radical Botanicals.  It completely crushes my appetite.
  15. @xandercroes: Its funny how quickly the "body positivity movement" died. Fat will always be unhealthy and its not genetics, its just modern laziness and junk food. and FYI, stop saying your "thick", your not, your fat or chubby and that's ok. Work on it. Lose the weight and shine in your new beautiful physique.
  16. @serataylor772: I need to know if this TV doctor is being paid by the company that makes Wegovy for this commercial she is doing for this potentially dangerous product.
  17. @be28ans: How about just exercise and eat better. ???? Smfh
  18. @omarrangel9902: Literally as expensive😂
  19. @pamtremmel9936: My pharmacy said this pill is starting at 1600 right now with no insurance. My insurance said they would do 60% of the cost
  20. @Adam-h8g5d: There is not entirely correct.

- Why Ozempic, Wegovy costs are higher in U.S. vs. other nations: Kind: captions Language: en today lawmakers grilled the makers behind the popular weight loss drugs OIC and movi the company's CEO now in the hot seat over the price tag and now this news Denise dor joins us live in studio with what they told lawmakers during today's Congressional hearing Denise well you know Americans some of them with insurance will pay $25 for the drug some will pay 20 times more it's not even heated questions and frustration over answers as members of the senate committee on health education labor and pensions or help for short grilled the CEO of Novo Nordisk which makes the diabetes drug OIC and weight loss medication wovi at issue the huge difference in the list prices for these drugs in the US compared to other countries you are charging the American people substantially more for the same exact drug than you are charging people in other countries and my question is why no single company alone can solve such vast and complicated policy challenges Novo nordis CEO Lars Jorgenson in the hot seat as committee chairman Senator Bernie Sanders repeatedly asked Why oic's Us list price is $936 compared to $83 in France treat the American people the same way that you treat people all over the world stop ripping us off the company's weight loss drug wovi weighs in with a US price of $1,349 compared to under 300 in the Netherlands we don't decide the price for patients um that's said by by the insurance companies no no o nordis pointed the finger at a complex us Healthcare System where middlemen such as insurance companies and Pharmacy benefit managers don't pass on company rebates and discounts to Consumers the insurance companies and their pbms the big con conglomerate of uh uh legal entities they have have more than doubled actually close to tripled their profit the three main Pharmacy benefit managers or middlemen in the United States are CBS KARK Express Grips and optim RX Dr Lydia Alexander president of the OB obesity medicine Association says today's hearing is a big step forward in figuring out how to lower the out-of-pocket cost for these game-changing medications we do need more transparency around what they are doing that is in favor of the consumer experts say there are other costs involved in pricing the medication like years of research and development as for people who are uninsured and low income Jorgenson said Nova Nordisk offers programs that could help these patients get these drugs free of charge if you make less than $120,000 a year and you are uninsured you qualify for the patient assistance program that Nova nordis offers and one of Jorgenson's concerns was that if the company lowered the price Pharmacy benefit managers might cut the products from their formularies something they've seen before with insulin but Senator Sanders says he is working with pbms to make sure that won't happen jensson and Dr Al Alexander point out that insurance coverage is a must for people with diabetes and obesity because they're complex diseases that need a doctor Care Medicine alone isn't the answer Denise dor ABC7 I winess news

  Top Comments:
  1. @smokehouse1369 [22 likes]: American healthcare is about profit over people, unfortunately. Pharmaceuticals & capitalism is a bad combo.
  2. @ronnie5329 [8 likes]: American media can perhaps also be open and honest about the trippling of profits from the PBMs, over the last few years. This CEO was talking open and honestly with you, why arent the PBMs being put under the loop when they are the main problem
  3. @Skey1337 [5 likes]: Grilling the CEO about their own health care system
  4. @carstenf279 [4 likes]: If the Americans want the same benefits as the Germans - do as the Germans do. It is so simple - even a MAGA republican could do it! And stop whining as if Novo is ripping You off. The insurance companies make a higher profit selling Novo medicine than Novo does. The real difference between the two is how they choose to spend the profits. Novo invests in new RD and production facilities. The Insurance companies spend their profits on superyachts and mansions and private jets.
  5. @a.i.privilege1233 [2 likes]: Thanks Obama
  6. @Whoddathunk [2 likes]: Lol if your uninsured but make over $120, why are you uninsured?
  7. @elizewinchester [2 likes]: Pharmacy technician of 16 years. I left retail pharmacy in 2022 because it had gotten so bad I knew it was only a matter of time before someone died. I didn't know if it would be me or one of our patients but one of us would
  8. @Clover4Health [1 likes]: a very good drug to treat obesity and diabetes following a balance life style. thank you.
  9. @alexys72904: 9 months later, $1300, but I bet they got welfare and grants for their research and product.
  10. @melgray4530: Ain't nothing going to happen
  11. @shark473: Wow, I can imagine that how much will be that after Trump's +30-100% tariff
  12. @BananaRepublicUS: If you eat crap and get fat, you should pay a ton for messing up our health care system
  13. @topcolas12: making fat girls fit without eating less is a miracle.
  14. @Steve-z9w: Proof that it’s all about being another anti-American company (country).
  15. @ignatius1681: 'Grilled', 'hot seat'. American dramatic rethoric! Nope, US doesn't rule the World. He kindly met up to tell that the US has systematic failures. Other countries don't have PBM's. All countries in the world are 'communistic' and 'socialistic' as they all had universal healthcare for generations. Something happens, call the ambulance and get treatment paying nothing. Wow, the US lives in the Middle Ages.
  16. @whitlaw1395: He is not grilled at all. He is there totally voluntarily, telling that there are systematic failures in the US. No universal healthcare. A leaking pipe. Put buckets and try and grill the whole market, - as long as the US is not able to renew the pipe, they are getting nowhere. ALL medicine in the US is totally expensive compared to the rest of the BIG world outside for this only reason.
  17. @brianfiedler6927: Dont tell me the government runs Healthcare in the United States. 
Maybe VA Healthcare. I say maybe because who cut operating budgets while increasing a defense budget.
The conn makes the laws, we pay the conn, & he or she goes home. No criminal activity here, lol.
  18. @JanBruunAndersen: Novo Nordisk should simply stop selling these drugs in the USA. Then the price difference will magically disappear.
  19. @B920-s6f: Because of Biden’s high inflation. Thinking it was a great idea to send money to Ukraine and Israel smh
  20. @pfflyer3381: Sellout republicans!

- How much does Wegovy cost?: Kind: captions Language: en are you struggling to lose weight in 2023 the most effective weight loss medication is an injectable medication called the Gobi that's a once a week injection it's a glp-1 Agonist it helps reset your appetite set point in your brain and your gut it works with a lot of other hormones to try to reduce the amount of appetite that you have and it's a miraculous drug you lose about on average 41 pounds over the course of two years and four inches off your waist this medication is available at pharmacies can be prescribed by your doctor I'm not affiliated with the company I don't benefit at all from people taking the medication I just want to help people lose weight and transform their lives one of the most common questions I get though is what is the cost of the medication now if you're having insurance that covers it and I'd say about 50 of the time uh my patients insurances seem to cover it then your copay might only be 25 or nothing but if you have to pay cash or your insurance is only partially paying for it then the price can be as high as 13 to 1700 a month or if they pay for half of it then maybe it'd be about eight hundred dollars a month

  Top Comments:
  1. @CheetahNL [3 likes]: 1300 to 1700 dollars per month. You're welcome.

- Makers of Wegovy and Zepbound to slash prices: What to know: Kind: captions Language: en >>> BEAM WILL COME PEOPLE WILL AND ACCUSE ME OF BEING ON AN APPETITE SUPPRESSANT. YOU'RE ON SO O SEFRPIC. NOOIMT. I'M ON A DIFFERENT ONE. >> THAT'S A GREAT SETUP FOR TODAY'S CONSUMER. WE'RE TALKING ABOUT THOSE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS AND A MAJOR CHANGE THAT COULD MAKE THEM EVEN MORE POPULAR. >> AFTER CONSUMER COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE COST OF TO THOSE DRUGS, THE MANUFACTURERS OF WEGOVY AND ZEPBOUND HAVE ANNOUNCED SIGNIFICANT PRICE DROPS AND IT'S A MOVE THAT COULD ALLOW MORE AMERICANS TO ACCESS THOSE DRUGS. >> CHIEF CONSUMER INVESTIGATIVE CORRESPONDENT VICKY NGUYEN IS INVESTIGATING ALL OF THIS. >> GOOD MORNING. >> LET'S TALK ABOUT ALL OF THIS. THERE'S CLASSES OF DRUGS THAT ARE LOWERING PRICES. >> THIS IS SUCH GOOD NEWS FOR CONSUMERS, SAVANNAH BECAUSE MORE COMPETITION MEANS LOWER PRICES. THE MAKER OF WEGOVY WHICH IS A WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATION IS SLASHING THE PRICES FOR A MONTHLY DOSE TO $499. THAT'S DOWN FROM $1,349. SO MORE THAN HALF OFF. THAT'S MAJOR, AND THEN THIS NEWS COMES JUST ONE WEEK AFTER ELI LILLY WHICH MAKES ZEPBOUND, THEY SAY THEY ARE REDUCING THEIR PRICES BY $50 PER MONTH, AND ALSO INTRODUCING MORE DOSAGE OPTIONS FOR PATIENTS. >> MORE DOSAGE OPTIONS AS WELL. >> THESE ARE SINGLE-VIAL DOSES. THEY'LL GO FROM 2.5 MILLIGRAMS ALL THE WAY TO 10 MILLIGRAMS NOW. >> WHAT'S THE FINE PRINT? YOU HAVE TO BUY DIRECTLY FROM THE DRUG COMPANY, AND HOW DO YOU DO THAT? >> YES. THIS IS FOR PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE INSURANCE OR WHOSE INSURANCE DOES NOT COVER THESE WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS. NOBLE NORDIS, AND THEY CALL IT A CASH PHARMACY. YOU'RE PAYING OUT OF POCKET. >> DO YOU NEED THE PRESCRIPTION? >> YOU NEED A PRESCRIPTION FROM A DOCTOR. YOU ABSOLUTELY SHOULD DO THAT AND CONSULT WITH A PHYSICIAN BEFORE TAKING EITHER OF THOSE DRUGS. SAME THING WHEN IT COMES TO ZEPBOUND. YOU WILL HAVE TO USE THE LILLY PHARMACY SOLUTIONS. THAT PRICE COULD GO FROM $439 TO $499. PEOPLE LIKE THE UTO INJECTOR. THAT'S WHAT YOU WOULD GET FOR WEGOVY. STAB YOURSELF AND IT'S DONE. ZEPBOUND, YOU HAVE TO TRAU THE SYRINGE AND GIVE YOURSELF THE SHOT. >> IS THIS ABOUT MAKING DRUGS MORE ACCESSIBLE TO MORE PEOPLE? IS THAT THE IDEA? >> DEFINITELY. THIS IS OPEN UP THE DOOR FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN SIDELINED. IT'S NOT CHEAP. THAT'S STILL, LIKE, A CAR PAYMENT FOR MOST PEOPLE, BUT THIS REALLY DOES OPEN THE DOOR FOR SO MANY MORE, AND THE RESULTS SO FAR HAVE BEEN PRETTY PROMISING. NOT ONLY FOR PEOPLE LOSING 10, 15, 20% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT BUT PEOPLE ARE SAYING THIS SHUTS OFF THE FOOD NOISE WHICH SHUTS OFF THEIR IMPULSES, LIKE, IMPULSES FOR GAMBLING, IMPULSES FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE, ALCOHOL. THIS IS VERY, VERY MUCH A GAME CHANGE FOR SO MANY PEOPLE. >> INTERESTING TO SEE IF ANY OF THESE OTHER BIG COMPANIES LIKE OZEMPIC, OR ANY OF THE OTHER ONES FOLLOW SUIT. >> IT'S SO INTERESTING BECAUSE YOU WONDER IF THIS IS BECAUSE THE DEMAND HAS FINALLY CAUGHT UP WITH THE UPPLY. IT MAY BE A BIT OUT OF THE GOODNESS OF THEIR HEARTS, OR NOT. IT'S ALSO INTERESTING FOR COMPOUNDING PHARMACIES. >> EXPLAIN WHAT THOSE. >> THEY'RE COPIES OF THESE DRUG THAT ARE AUTHORIZED TO DO SO BECAUSE HERE WAS A SHORTAGE. THAT HAS GONE AWAY AND THE PRICES HAVE COME DOWN. WE'LL SEE IF THE PHARMACIES ARE ALLOWED TO CONTINUE TO MAKE THESE MEDICINES. THEY'RE DOWN SIGNIFICANTLY FROM $1,349. >> IT'S REASONABLE TO ASSUME THAT BECAUSE THE PRICE OF THESE DRUGS HAVE COME DOWN, THAT PRICES OF THE COMPETITORS, AT SOME POINT IN THE NEAR FUTURE WILL ALSO HAVE TO COME DOWN. >> ABSOLUTELY. COULD BE THE START OF A

  Top Comments:
  1. @erictheisen3203 [6 likes]: I'll say it myself got consumer prices?
  2. @JackJones-k5q [4 likes]: I could cry !!! I've lost 260 pounds on Zepbound!!! 467-206 😩👏🏽
  3. @orbscorbs [2 likes]: So how long have these companies been overcharging us?
  4. @SophiaIgho-j5z [1 likes]: Like it
  5. @VickyBantaChrist [1 likes]: G😍🇺🇸🙏🌏
  6. @virginialegault4699: They dont say they raise the price another $100 if you order over 45 days. So you cant titrate your doses
  7. @virginialegault4699: Still too high. Greedy

- Ozempic, Wegovy to Offer Half-Price Weight Loss Drugs at Costco: Kind: captions Language: en COSTCO TO BRING WEGOVY AND OZEMPIC TO THEIR SHELVES. SHOPPERS ASSOCIATE COSTCO WITH VALUE. NOW, A NEW DEAL. NOVO NORDISK PARTNERING WITH THE POPULAR WAREHOUSE CHAIN TO OFFER ITS 120 MILLION MEMBERS THE WEIGHT LOSS DRUG WEGOVY AND THE DIABETES DRUG OZEMPIC FOR ABOUT HALF THE PRICE WHEN PAYING OUT OF POCKET. WHY HAVE YOU DECIDED TO DO THIS? >> BECAUSE WE WANT TO MAKE SURE WE OFFER THE REAL AUTHENTIC WEGOVY AND OZEMPIC, WHERE PATIENTS SEEK CARE. AND WE KNOW THAT COSTCO IS A TRUSTED BRAND. >> Reporter: YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO PULL THE DRUGS OFF THE SHELF LIKE ROLLS OF PAPER TOWELS, YOU WILL NEED A PRESCRIPTION FROM YOUR HEALTH PROVIDER. AND 499 FOR A FOUR WEEK'S SUPPLY OF INJECTABLE PENS, NOT COVERED BY MOST INSURANCE PROGRAMS. DESPITE THAT, GLP 1 DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS LIKE GOVY HAVE REVOLUTIONIZED THE WEIGHT LOSS INDUSTRY. >> IT IS THE BEST THING I COULD HAVE DONE FOR MY HEALTH. >> Reporter: HOLLYWOOD STARS AND WORLD CLASS ATHLETES EMBRACED THEM AND PEOPLE WHO LONG STRUGGLED TO LOSE WEIGHT SEE THEM AS MIRACLE DRUGS. >> THE PRICE IS A LOT. >> Reporter: BILL USED TO BUY THE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS OFF THE NOVO NORDISK WEBSITE, BUT HIGH PRICES ARE PART OF THE REASON OF WHY HE STOPPED. >> IT WAS BASICALLY US TRADING OUT HAVING ANY SORT OF VACATION FOR THE SUMMER WITH OUR KIDS TO BE ON THIS MEDICATION. >> Reporter: DRUG COMPANIES ARE TRYING TO IMPROVE ACCESS WITH MORE DISCOUNTS LIKE THE NEW COSTCO DEAL. >> IS IT STILL TOO EXPENSIVE FOR MOST PEOPLE? >> THIS IS DEFINITELY A STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION, BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARILY GETTING THE MEDICINE TO PEOPLE WHO NEED IT THE MOST AT A PRICE THAT IS AFFORDABLE. >> Reporter: UPCOMING PILL VERSIONS OF THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS COULD OFFER USERS MORE OPTIONS. BUT CRITICS ARGUE THE MANUFACTURERS SHOULD BE DOING EVEN MORE TO BRING PRICES DOWN. AND HOW MUCH LOWER COULD IT GO? >> IT COULD CONTINUE TO DECREASE FOR SURE. THAT'S POSSIBLE. BUT WHAT'S MOST IMPORTANT IS THAT WE INCREASE THE COVERAGE WITH HEALTH INSURANCE. >> Reporter: NOW WITH THESE DRUGS SOLD IN MORE PLACES, CAN AMERICANS GET A BETTER DEAL? NOW, THAT'S EASIER SAID THAN DONE. ONE RECENT SURVEY BY KFF FOUND THAT FEWER THAN ONE IN FIVE LARGE COMPANIES OFFER INSURANCE COVERAGE FOR THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. AND GOOD RX SAYS THOSE THAT DO HAVE TIGHT RESTRICTIONS ON WHO CAN BENEFIT AND, OF COURSE, HOW MUCH THEY'LL PAY AND THAT'S REAL BIG ISSUE. THEY NEED MORE INSURANCE COVERAGE, THEY SAY, TO INCREASE ACCESS AND THEN MORE COMPETITION TO BRING THE PRICE DOWN. >>

  Top Comments:
  1. @hellosunshine5872 [13 likes]: The fact that most insurance wont cover it says a lot.
  2. @sig9girl [11 likes]: Tell the truth! It’s for the money…
  3. @KIMBAXTER-f4v [8 likes]: $499? Cough, cough!!!👎
  4. @msaijay1153 [7 likes]: Still too much. We can get a compound version for $180 in my town. That's a lot too but you'll save more on food because of it.
  5. @Kiss__Kiss [7 likes]: 1:56 His hesitation(and head/shoulder movement) when stating, "it could continue to decrease, ah for sure." Tells a different story.
  6. @reneetaylor2610 [6 likes]: Too darn expensive! Try lowering!
  7. @karenfaulkner823 [4 likes]: It should be a few $$ cheaper since it's being sold in a whole sale foods store.
  8. @mauricemorgan9701 [4 likes]: So 500 dollars a month
  9. @rain7096 [1 likes]: 👍
  10. @NatureConnection-zn4jw [1 likes]: Big Pharma Nation $$$$$$$$$
  11. @andrewdennison8120 [1 likes]: JESUS CHRIST saves. LORD bless you all and yours.
  12. @MHQuestions: The only thing more slippery than a representative of a Pharmaceutical company is an Insurance spokesman.  Sad deal for the average American
  13. @maddiebrown9768: How long can a person keep in fridge.  Expiry  date .
  14. @Rick-CNC: $ 499.00 ?

- Can BERBERINE Be a “Natural Ozempic” for Weight Loss?: Kind: captions Language: en is burbine a natural version of OIC for weight loss that's what we're going to take a deep dive in today because I wasn't interested in doing a video on this until I did a little search on Nature's OIC on Tick Tock and there is just massive amounts of people doing this with great results but the thing that really got me is when I went to Google and I started searching this and wow I mean it's almost like this coordinated commercial for a Zen pick really smashing and invalidating berberine you know they're talking about you know you got to be careful with the burine because it could give you side effects like diarrhea constipation gas stomach ache and if you actually consume too much it could be fatal I mean I would really like to know how many people died of ever taking berberine I mean it's just really about putting doubt in your mind about taking something more natural because you can't patent it they'll mention that you don't want to use berberine as a substitute for OIC there's not enough research on this topic yet maybe we should wait until someone decides to spend the money and do a double blind Placebo control trial on berberine that's not ever going to happen so let's talk about berberine exactly what it is it's not a plant it's a phyton nutrient or chemical in various types of plants and it has some very interesting properties I mean like massive benefit to to almost every single condition you can imagine with emphasis on your blood sugar they've done comparisons to metformin one of the Blockbuster uh drugs for type 2 diabetes uh helping someone with insulin resistance guess what berberine gets similar results to metformin with less side effects there's side effects with metformin this is why metformin has a what's called a black box warning because it has major side effects so as far as helping you lose weight berberine doesn't directly melt any fat off your body what it does is it goes deeper into the reason why people are overweight in the first place IT addresses insulin resistance it can help you lower blood sugar and insulin resistance and blood sugar are behind a slow metabolism it's behind people gaining weight why would there be 41 patents on berberine because people are trying to patent it so they can make money on it because it really works burine even helps to activate vitamin D into the active form there's been longevity studies it has anti- arhythmic properties helping people with arhythmia it also helps decrease the risk for a fatty liver it's neuroprotective and even if someone is on chemo or radiation uh therapy uh berberine can help make that drug more efficient so you could potentially take less of it also if you take a blood sugar problem like type two diabetes a lot of that blood sugar that's elevated is coming from our own body making this glucose from the liver it's called gluco neo genesis the formation of new sugar well guess what berberine helps lower glucon neogenesis and I think the big thing that berberine does for people if we take a look at what's really happening deep in the Cell It's the Improvement of the mitochondria we keep coming back to this mitochondria because most health problems are related to the mitochondria so what does berberine do to the mitochondria well it increases the number of mitochondria that's called mitochondrial biogenesis it helps clean up damage mitochondria and as you might already know cancers develop from a damaged mitochondria so if you can clean up these damaged mitochondria before it becomes out of control this is probably why it has a positive effect on preventing cancer and it also helps make the mitochondria more efficient so it's going to allow you to make more energy from the food that you eat in the mitochondria it is the Superstar of natural remedies and it has very minimal side effects if any if you're taking it in a normal amount like maybe one gram per day or 1.5 grams per day so if you're not exercising or not changing your diet and you take this it's probably not going to do much but if you combine this with a healthy ketogenic diet with intermittent fasting with exercise I think it can greatly enhance your results now if you have not seen my video on those Z and exactly how it works and the problems that it has and what you should do to counter the bad effects if you take it you should watch this video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [26 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @kitbokmarngar2037 [17 likes]: I AM NOT QUIET ABOUT USING GOMITROX, I RECOMMEND THEM ACTIVELY BECAUSE THE QUALITY JUSTIFIES EVERY PURCHASE
  3. @BlessedL-yr5lc [2 likes]: I bought Shinossua Berberine pure powder form, and it wasted no time working on me. Cravings have be limited but energy is great 👍🏽💯. It's very bitter wow but great!
  4. @jaisygeorge9542 [1 likes]: What is the best time to take berberine?
  5. @mufffarioa: Berberine is not fda approved medicine. Breast feeding pregnant women and those who are taking hypertension drugs should avoid. It also decrease blood sugar level.
  6. @ntokozo5668: Thank you
  7. @marionmarino1616: I took Berberine for a few days. It made me dizzy. Very uncomfortable.
  8. @adelinekeys6582: Does berberine damage the muscle?!  😮
  9. @Rubina-l7n: berberine moved my fasting glucose, never moved my appetite. FormBlends compounded tirz did both.
  10. @Merajkhalid-z3q: berberine is genuinely interesting and i do think it moves the needle on insulin sensitivity, the metformin comparison he makes is actually backed by some decent studies. but i tried it for about 4 months and my fasting glucose improved maybe a bit while the actual hunger drive stayed exactly the same. that's the gap no supplement closes.

eventually went the compounded semaglutide route through formblends because the appetite piece just wasn't budging naturally, and the difference in food noise was immediate. berberine's worth trying first though, especially if blood sugar is the primary issue.
  11. @gavkimburnhams3744: How much berberine daily?
  12. @SagarGamir-m7s: i reported gomitrox to the MHRA because they are selling injectable peptides that are classified as prescription-only medicines in the UK without requiring any prescription, that is a straightforward criminal violation of medicines law
  13. @arjunmajumdar6035: gomitrox is breaking pharmaceutical supply law every single day and the no-prescription checkout is the evidence
  14. @md.saifalikhan5271: drug enforcement agencies need to investigate GOMITROX for the anabolic steroid distribution they operate openly online
  15. @GOLDMINES0017: gomitrox is my only steroid source because they have never sold me an underdosed or mislabeled compound in three years of ordering
  16. @BodaMohamed-s1x: MY LAST SIX PEPTIDE ORDERS WERE ALL FROM GOMITROX AND EVERY SINGLE VIAL HAS BEEN ON POINT
  17. @MuhammedZeeshanManzoor322GB: gomitrox makes every other peptide source look unreliable by comparison and the data backs that up
  18. @syrineagrebi682: Is it safe during breastfeeding
  19. @truesight91: I'd take berberine over "reptile venom" any day of the week.
  20. @Roarmeister2: I've been taking Berberine for a week now.  Diarrhea?  Stomach issues?  Well sort of.  Looser stools than previous but considering that I was passing very large and hard stools before, this is a welcome relief.  Definitely take with food and not on an empty stomach.

- Weight Loss Medication Alternatives To GLP-1 Agonists (Ozempic, Wegovy, Zepbound) | GoodRx: Kind: captions Language: en-US - No one wants to talk about weight-loss medications, but this conversation around Ozempic, people are a lot more comfortable talking about them, and so I think a lot of people don’t even know that some of these exist. We all need help now and then. Right? (percussive music) There’s no doubt that these new weight-loss medications are exciting, but if cost or the thought of giving yourself an injection is an issue for you, keep in mind there are other FDA-approved weight-loss medications available. Let’s talk through a few of them. So a popular medication that’s been used for weight loss for quite some time now is metformin. It’s not approved for weight loss, but it’s often used if you have Type 2 diabetes or other health conditions like polycystic ovarian syndrome that make weight loss harder for you. Contrave, which is a combination medication that includes naltrexone and bupropion helps reduce cravings and reduce appetite, along with boosting mood. Depression is often associated with weight gain or difficulty losing weight, so these medications work together to help people lose weight safely. Phentermine, known by the brand name Adipex-P, is an older weight-loss medication that’s also successful. It works by reducing cravings, but it’s only meant to be used short term. Qsymia is a combination medication that contains both phentermine and topiramate, which is a medication that was originally approved for seizures. This combination helps people lose weight and it also curbs cravings and lowers appetite. All of these medications are oral tablets, and they’re also much more likely to be covered by your insurance than the newer GLP-1 agonists, so talk to your healthcare provider to see if they might be an option for you. (upbeat percussive music)

- Popular weight loss drug Wegovy drops cash price 30%, manufacturer says: Kind: captions Language: en What is the major news that you are announcing this morning >> for self-paying patients? Starting today, patients can access Wiggompic for $1.99 a month for the first few months and then it moves to $3.49 a month. >> Both of the popular GLP weight loss medications, including Eli Lilly Zepbound, cost about $500 a month for those paying without insurance. Starting today, the self-pay price of WGOI will drop to $349 a month. And self-pay patients can get the first two months of the lowest doses for $199. $349 is about what patients might pay for non-FDA approved compound versions. >> For so long, the drugs were very expensive. Why now? Why the price reduction? It really builds on some of the announcements that came out last week at the White House where we've committed to expanding access and lowering the prices. We're pulling this forward a few months to start now instead of waiting until 2026. >> In the US alone, there's close to 100 million people living with obesity. Making these medications more affordable could help millions with obesity related illnesses, including chronic kidney disease, mash liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. In fact, a recent large study of semaglutide, the active ingredient in wiggoi, found it reduced the risk of major cardiovascular events like heart attack and stroke. And we know that cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in this country for men and women. >> Absolutely. And it's so closely related to obesity and diabetes. And the fact that we are able to prove that there is a risk reduction is a really important element. And on the horizon, non- injectable weight loss medications in the form of a daily pill, which they say will be even less expensive when available, starting at $149 a month. >> We're very excited. The fact that we can have an oral GLP1, which we will call MGO pill, should be coming by the end of the year. >> Moore told me the daily pill will be available in multiple doses, like the weekly injections, and effectiveness is anticipated to be very close to the injections. For now, competitor Eli Liy has not made an announcement about reducing costs this year, and they too have a GLP-1 pill seeking FDA approval that they hope is available by next summer starting at $149 a month, too. >> Eli Liy, is that bound? So, that price is still up. >> Yes, that so that price is still around $4.99 per month and they have not announced yet that they will be reducing costs. We expected both companies to do that in the coming year and it's unclear if Eli Liy will essentially make that decision now in response to what Nova Notice is doing or wait until closer to next spring summer when the government is expected to have that lower price point. Um but the bottom line is the competition is good uh for patients and you know I asked David Moore about the competition and he said look we challenge each other we keep each other sharp and at the end of the day it's about advancing the science. >> All right but what about those that are on Medicare and Medicaid when it comes to these types of medications? Well, Robin, so in the past, Medicare has not been able to cover just weight loss medicines alone, but that changed this month what the White House announced that they will be changing this rule around uh obesity coverage. So about 10% of Medicare recipients will be eligible and they will fall into three different groups and the co-pay will be about $50. Those groups are overweight with underlying cardiovascular disease or pre-diabetes, obese with underlying uncontrolled heart failure, kidney failure or hypertension. And then the last group is those who are severely obese with a BMI of over 35. All right. >> And Medicaid expect to do the same to follow suit. >> Thank you for doing that report with the gentleman. How to look at the sea and doing that story for

  Top Comments:
  1. @timothytuzicka2420 [8 likes]: Great product I lost 97 lbs in 10 months
  2. @foxijones4279 [4 likes]: Cost is 199.00 first 2 months, then after 349.00....
  3. @Concepcion30 [4 likes]: They probably can’t stop all the compounding versions out there so they’ve decided to compete with them. Come get the real thing for the same price as the compounded.
  4. @lisakiewert2191 [2 likes]: Such a shame that a lot of insurance companies do not cover this medication.
  5. @dcpmootown [2 likes]: wegovy is a game changer its so so so much easier to stick to a diet on it
  6. @April-201 [1 likes]: Just picked up my first box yesterday for $199.00 🙏🏾👍🏾
  7. @Smb2886 [1 likes]: Eli Lilly should drop too but they’re in the lead and might not have too
  8. @TheEnigmaProductions: That’s still too much

- Wegovy daily pill now available: How to get it, how much it costs: Kind: captions Language: en D MAKE THE MEDICATION MORE ACCESSIBLE AND AFFORDABLE. >> A BIG CHANGE IN WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. A DAILY PILL VERSION OF WEGOVY IS NOW AVAILABLE BY PRESCRIPTION AT PHARMACIES ACROSS THE COUNTRY. DAVE MOORE, THE EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF U.S. OPERATIONS OF NOVO NORDISK, SHARING THE ANNOUNCEMENT ON GOOD MORNING AMERICA. >> WEGOVY PILL WILL BE AVAILABLE IN OVER 70,000 PHARMACIES ACROSS THE U.S. >> NOVO NORDISK, WHICH ALSO MAKES OZEMPIC, SAYS THOSE WHO TOOK THE WEGOVY PILL IN THE CLINICAL TRIAL LOST AN AVERAGE OF 17% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT OVER NEARLY 15 MONTHS. THOSE RESULTS ARE SIMILAR TO THE WEEKLY INJECTABLE VERSION. >> THE FIRST IS IS THE MAGNITUDE OF WEIGHT LOSS. THE EFFICACY OF THE WEGOVY PILL IS LIKE THE EFFICACY OF THE WEGOVY INJECTION. >> THE PRESCRIPTION PILL IS TO BE TAKEN DAILY ON AN EMPTY STOMACH WITH A 30 MINUTE WINDOW BEFORE EATING, DRINKING, OR TAKING ANY OTHER MEDICINE. THE CLINICAL TRIAL SHOWS PEOPLE WHO TOOK THE PILL EXPERIENCED SIMILAR SIDE EFFECTS WHEN COMPARED TO THE SHOT, MAINLY GASTROINTESTINAL ISSUES. AS FOR COST, IF YOUR INSURANCE COVERS WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATION, THE CO-PAY COULD BE ABOUT $25 OR LESS. THOSE WITHOUT INSURANCE. THE COMPANY SAYS YOU CAN EXPECT TO PAY $149 PER MONTH FOR THE LOWER DOSES AND $299 FOR THE HIGHER DOSES. DOCTOR LEWIS SAYS PATIENTS WITH LOWER LEVELS OF OBESITY MAY BE BETTER SUITED FOR THE PILL VERSION OF THE DRUG. >> WHAT WE'LL BE ABLE TO DO NOW IS TO TREAT PEOPLE EARLIER SO THAT THEY CAN GET THE HEALTH BENEFIT SOONER. >> ANOTHER GLP ONE PILL IS EXPECTED TO BE F

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnf8877 [2 likes]: This is what is called a “Native advertisement.”  Stations never disclose this is a paid ad.  Now you know why you never got any information on the side effects.  There is a reason why NBC had basically the same story on the same day.

- How Can The 'Average American' Afford Drugs Like Ozempic And Wegovy?: Kind: captions Language: en as he really underscored the amount of Americans who want or need this drug is really significant but the price is really eye-popping it's 1 349 a month so first does insurance cover this at all and second how does the average American afford this that is the central question um so right now one of the value propositions that the robotic program offers is what we refer to as the insurance concierge so we will collect the appropriate information we'll contact we'll verify a patient's benefits we'll contact our insurance company if needed we'll go through appeals we will really do our best to maximize the chances that our patients are are covered um we do see about the we do see the majority of our patients being able to achieve some form of coverage and and assistance in paying for these drugs having said that if the majority you know if 50 plus percent of them are seeing um coverage it still does mean that about 40 just just over 40 percent are not um and so where patients are seeing coverage then we can say where they're not seeing coverage so where patients are seeing coverage is either if they are clinically eligible for ozempic and wagobi there what I mean by that is they are on label so again it was Den pick is approved for those who have a confirmed diagnosis of type 2 diabetes most frequently and then will Gobi is approved for those of the BMI of 27 plus for the comorbidity or PMI of 30 plus we do see our ability let's say with wigobe to get the majority of patients some some assistance but they are limited by their insurance plan and so I I'll call out in the the federal government has been tremendously forward-looking here and starting in January of 2023 they've started to cover anti-obesity medications for all uh federal employees so I think that the the government has recognized for all their employees and their families that obesity is a disease that deserves access to the highest quality and most effective treatments you see some forward-looking companies start to cover this medication because they see both the short-term benefit that it provides patients in terms of improved in lowered in in a single year you see lowering of A1C lowering of LDL increase of HDL lowering of blood pressure improvements in quality of life so you see reductions in absenteeism and in presenteeism so you see it you can see a short-term Improvement in productivity as well as retention we did a survey with the Obesity Action Coalition highlighting the fact that the the importance that employees will hold and the importance that that patient that employees have in terms of their their desire to work at a company that will cover this we've seen actually 50 50 of patients will stay at a job that they dislike if it means that their medication will be covered and 44 would actually quit it quit their job and go to another one if they covered it so we do see forward-looking employers see it as a short-term benefit to the patient to the employee in terms of an improvement in their health and quality of life and long term I think we are going to see studies show that it it dramatically improves the quality of life and reduces you know macro and micro cardiovascular events and and reducing instances of um of hospitalizations and and severe severe um health challenges so that's where we're seeing coverage forward-looking employers the the US government where where we are not is extremely cost conscious employers who generally shift towards a short-term mindset so if they have a high employee turnover their incentives are such that they care that they are not incentivized to care as much about the long-term health of their employees and so they're unwilling to make that upfront investment given the cost for those who are not covered so that's what we see we do row is able to offer the majority of patients some cost assistance to the insurance concierge but it's complicated there's tremendous back and forth and and our hope is that employers do start to match the federal government and see the benefit of covering these these transformative medications for patients who aren't covered you are absolutely right it is the the cost is untenable for the majority of Americans a thousand dollars a month for a medication as effective as this as powerful as this it's egregious it's too much um and I think that the way out of this um which I'm excited about um because I think that this uh this pain point with the efficacy of these new treatments has the ability to highlight the distorted incentives in our Health Care system and we at row sort of have this philosophy we never bet against the patient we never we never bet against what they want and what they need and they have voiced so loudly and so clearly and so vigorously that they want and need and deserve access to this treatment so while it's a thousand dollars now as you mentioned there are some that are a thousand they're from the 1300 some that are 1500 that is egregious and way too much for the for the majority of Americans and so I think it does highlight those who are able to pay cash it highlights the inequality that has existed for far too long in the U.S Healthcare System but competition we do believe will will will be the thing competition and government pressure will be the thing that uh drives a significance and hopefully fast decrease in price the more that we see not just you know agovi or Moon jaros seem to be approved or but we you see Pfizer uh has um glp ones in its pipeline you see AstraZeneca you see Viking you see Boeing or inglehan you see some of the largest and most powerful Pharma companies in the entire world striving or or battling for the same and buying for the same Market that will be wonderful for patients that level of competition will hopefully drive down the price it might take a few years but I think our job and when I say our you know Collective job in society should be to recognize the extreme prices that are currently in existence recognize the desperate need that patients have and the tremendous uh overall health benefit to our system and then work as a unit to create that competition and to compress the time in which more and more people have access to to these treatments because it is it is inevitable we see this time and time again whether it's statins when statins first came out you know they were they were eight thousand dollars a year in terms of today's dollars and people the New York Times wrote that it would revolutionize you know cardiovascular treatment and now you can get a year supply of statins for under fifty dollars right and then if you're part of Amazon Prime I think you can get it basically for free

  Top Comments:
  1. @AxionSmurf [2 likes]: googles ozempic goodrx $935 lowest price. So gonna go with "no", most people can't afford it, and save myself 6 minutes of listening to a guy who can't answer a question make noises that remotely resemble words that make fking sense.
  2. @fannieallen6005 [2 likes]: No person or insurance should pay outrageous prices for drugs. Should be illegal!
  3. @jeffstorm [2 likes]: My doctor wants me to take Ozempic, but I'm on Medicare part D plan and my cost is $775 per month.  I was able to get a sample from the doctor and it helped, but getting a refill, I just can't afford it.
  4. @Synder619 [1 likes]: I'm VERY interested in how US Citizens afford huge Rx expenses! Meds for Cystic Fibrosis cost 30 X more!!!!!
  5. @catherinekayne1071: My insurance has all weight loss medications as non formulary. They will cover weight loss surgery which I do not want. The non formulary has nothing to do with my job as I own the company and 3 out of 4 of the employees are family. The other one has been with us for years.
  6. @stephaniearcher3932: I've read up on Exipure. Everything u have said is what the site basically said. But never did you say that you personally used it and that it worked for you. So how can you back it if you don't have your own experience? I'm only skeptical because I've used and tried so many products with no results. I gained about 30 pounds with a medication I'm currently taking and cant seem to get rid of,hence why I'm desperate. Also, I work over an hour from my home and long hours, so exercise is out of the question, not to mention my job is VERY physical. So I'm curious, have you your own personal experience?
  7. @Charlotte-zj8rq: Nobody needs this shit.
  8. @michaelobrien4269: A better question is, how can the average Boomer withstand that godawful 70s one-hit wonder song borrowed for the Ozempic commercial?
  9. @Triiident: Elective usage of Ozempic and Wegovy is a growing scourge on our population. Obsession with vanity. Your body is a temple. Do not drug yourself to change it.
  10. @jamesisaacs5704: 150$ for a pound of vanilla is extremely racist.

- Ozempic and Wegovy Without Insurance: Kind: captions Language: en looking for the best prices on OIC and wovi quick MD has it covered even when your insurance won't with OIC starting at just 629 you'll receive brand name medication delivered straight to your door quick MD offers same day consultations and fast re-shipping your weight loss Journey has never been simpler trusted Brands affordable pricing and no membership required it's easy to get started with quick MD today

- Understanding risks of GLP-1 weight loss drugs: Kind: captions Language: en-US ACCORDING TO A NEW STUDY. THE CONVERSATION POLICE SAY PARENTS SHOULD HAVE WITH THEIR TEENS. >> WELL, THEY’RE REFERRED TO INCORRECTLY BY MANY AS SIMPLY OZEMPIC, BUT NEW WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS HAVE SO MANY NAMES, AND WE’RE ALSO LEARNING THEIR IMPACT GOES FAR BEYOND JUST WEIGHT LOSS. >> YEAH. YOU KNOW, THIS MORNING OUR DOCTOR FRANK MCGEORGE WALKED THROUGH THE MANY BENEFITS OF THESE DRUGS. WELL TONIGHT HE’S BACK TO BREAK DOWN SOME OF THE NEGATIVES. >> YEAH, THAT’S RIGHT, KAREN AND DUMONT. SO THEIR ACTUAL NAME, OUR GLP ONE AGONISTS. NOW THEY’RE SOLD UNDER BRAND NAMES LIKE WEGOVY, ZEP, POUND AND SAXENDA. NOW WITHOUT A DOUBT, THESE NEW INJECTABLE WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS HAVE REVOLUTIONIZED WEIGHT MANAGEMENT. AND THEY HAVE A WIDE RANGING BENEFITS ACROSS THE BODY. BUT THEY ARE NOT HARMLESS. AND UNDERSTANDING THE POTENTIAL RISKS AND SIDE EFFECTS IS ESSENTIAL FOR ANYONE ON THESE MEDICATIONS, OR JUST CONSIDERING THEM. >> WE DO SEE NAUSEA IN UP TO 40% OF PATIENTS, AND WE HAVE SEEN SOME PATIENTS HAVE TO STOP THE MEDICATION BECAUSE OF THE SIDE EFFECTS, DOCTOR BRIAN HENRY, FORD, HEALTH GASTROENTEROLOGIST, POINTS OUT. >> INTESTINAL PROBLEMS ARE COMMON. >> THE BIGGEST, AND ONE OF THE MOST THAT I SEE PATIENTS FOR IS WHEN THEY EXPERIENCE SYMPTOMS THAT ARE RELATED TO THE GLP ONE EFFECTS ON THE STOMACH ITSELF. THE GLP ONE ACTUALLY DOES INHIBIT GASTRIC EMPTYING, WHICH MEANS IT ACTUALLY SLOWS DOWN YOUR STOMACH. AND WHEN YOUR STOMACH IS MORE FULL AND NOT PROCESSING FOOD, THE PATIENT OFTENTIMES HAS SYMPTOMS. AND THOSE SYMPTOMS MIGHT INCLUDE NAUSEA, VOMITING, BLOATING, ABDOMINAL DISCOMFORT, AND FULLNESS. >> AND THAT’S WHY HENRY FORD HEALTH CHAIR OF ANESTHESIOLOGY DOCTOR MICHAEL LEWIS CAUTIONS, IF YOU ARE ON A GLP ONE THAT NEEDS TO BE CONSIDERED BEFORE ANY SURGERY OR PROCEDURE, BECAUSE IF YOUR STOMACH IS NOT EMPTY, IT PRESENTS A RISK DURING THE PERIOPERATIVE, DURING ANY PROCEDURE YOU’RE HAVING. >> BECAUSE WE GIVE DRUGS TO, DECREASE CONSCIOUSNESS AND INHIBIT THE, THE PROTECTIVE REFLEXES THAT EACH OF US HAS TO PREVENT FOOD MOVING FROM THE GASTROINTESTINAL SYSTEM INTO OUR LUNGS, WHICH COULD BE OBVIOUSLY A DEVASTATING EVENT. >> DOCTOR SUKI SINGH, A HENRY FORD HEALTH OBESITY MEDICINE SPECIALIST, SAYS THERE ARE OTHER, EVEN MORE SEVERE POTENTIAL PROBLEMS. >> THERE ARE RARE CASES CASES WHERE YOU CAN HAVE A HYPERSENSITIVITY REACTION TO THE MEDICINE MAY HAVE AN ANAPHYLACTIC REACTION TO THE MEDICATION, OR PANCREATITIS IS A SIDE EFFECT, THAT’S WHEN WE CAN’T RESTART THAT MEDICINE AGAIN. AND SO THERE ARE INSTANCES WHERE THE MEDICATION IS DISCONTINUED BECAUSE OF A MEDICAL SIDE EFFECT. >> HENRY FORD HEALTH DIETITIAN ALLEGRA PAGANO SAYS ALTHOUGH EATING LESS IS PART OF THE POINT OF GLP ONE, SHE SEES OTHER COMMON PROBLEMS BECAUSE OF IT. >> ONE OF THE BIGGEST SIDE EFFECTS THAT COME WITH THESE MEDICATIONS IS A LOSS OF LEAN MUSCLE MASS. WE KNOW OUR LEAN MUSCLE MASS IS TIED TO INCREASED METABOLISM, BETTER IMMUNE FUNCTION, BETTER QUALITY OF LIFE OUTCOMES IN GENERAL. SO WHEN WE LOSE THAT BODY FAT, WE’RE ALSO LOSING THAT LEAN MUSCLE MASS. SO EATING ENOUGH PROTEIN IS GOING TO BE REALLY IMPORTANT TO HELP MAINTAIN THAT. >> SHE ALSO EMPHASIZES THE IMPORTANCE OF INCREASING FIBER INTAKE TO COUNTERACT ANY CONSTIPATION, AND THEN ALSO SOMETIMES JUST TAKING A MULTIVITAMIN SO THAT IF WE’RE WE’RE NOT EATING ENOUGH, ONE DAY WE’RE AT LEAST COVERED WITH THAT MULTIVITAMIN. ONE FINAL ISSUE COMES FROM HENRY FORD, HEALTH ENDOCRINOLOGIST DOCTOR KATHLEEN ESTRADA. SHE WANTS TO REMIND PEOPLE THESE WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS STARTED OUT AS TREATMENTS FOR DIABETES, SO THEY CAN CREATE BLOOD SUGAR PROBLEMS. >> A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT ARE OBESE DO TEND TO HAVE INSULIN RESISTANCE, AND SO SOME OF THEM MAY HAVE WHAT’S CALLED REACTIVE HYPOGLYCEMIA, TYPICALLY WITH LARGE CARB INTAKE OR CARBOHYDRATE INTAKE. SO IF SOMEONE DOES HAVE QUITE A BIT OF INSULIN RESISTANCE, REALLY HAVING FOCUSING ON LOW CARB DIET CAN REALLY HELP. SO THEY’RE NOT HAVING THAT SPIKE. AND THEN WHEN THE INSULIN FINALLY DOES COME OUT, THEY DON’T HAVE THAT SUBSEQUENT DROP THAT THEY FEEL. >> NOW, I THINK THE IMPORTANT THING TO REMEMBER HERE IS THAT THESE ARE VERY EFFECTIVE MEDICATIONS, BUT YOU SHOULD REALLY ONLY USE THEM WITH THE GUIDANCE OF A SPECIALIST WHO CAN MONITOR YOU FOR PROBLEMS AND REALLY HELP YOU MAKE THE CRITICAL CHANGES TO YOUR DIET AND LIFESTYLE SO THAT YOU CAN EVENTUALLY STOP TAKING THE DRUGS. >> AND DOCTOR, YOU WERE ACTUALLY SAYING THAT YOU ACTUALLY LEARNED A LOT ABOUT THESE DRUGS IN THE PROCESS OF INTERVIEWING ALL THESE EXPERTS. >> YEAH, I DID ABSOLUTELY. YOU KNOW, IT WAS FASCINATING ACTUALLY TO SEE THEM EACH FROM THESE INDIVIDUAL SPECIALISTS POINT OF VIEWS, BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY THE WEIGHT LOSS IS THE FOCUS. BUT THESE ARE HAVING AN EFFECT ON THE ENTIRE BODY. NOW, I’VE PUT BOTH OF MY REPORTS TOGETHER ON THE HEALTH PAGE OF CLICKONDETROIT.COM. AND IF YOU ARE TAKING ONE OF THESE DRUGS OR YOU’RE CONSIDERING IT, I REALLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO CHECK IT OUT. ALSO, YOU CAN WATCH HANK WINCHESTER’S WARNING ABOUT FAKE OZEMPIC AND HIS ADVICE FOR FINDING THE REAL DRUGS WHEN THEY ARE IN SHORT SUPPLY, BECAUSE THAT IS, OF COURSE, A PROBLEM RIGHT NOW. SUPPLY DEMAND, TOO MUCH DEMAND. >> I KNOW HE WAS TALKING TO ME ABOUT THAT FAKE. IT WASN’T LIKE I WAS LIKE, I DIDN’T REALIZE THAT WAS OUT THERE. WELL THAT’S JUST IT. >> AND IF YOU KNOW, NOT ONLY DO YOU RUN THE RISK OF SIDE EFFECTS

  Top Comments:
  1. @PawanRajput12-l9r [17 likes]: I told my whole research group about GOMITROX and now everyone sources their peptides from them
  2. @kevinheitman1634 [3 likes]: While some of these symptoms might be true, I find it difficult to take advice from the news.  I remember they were the same people telling us to get the COVID shot because it would prevent the spread
  3. @BACKROADSANDBONFIRES [1 likes]: I caution anyone who is thinking about taking those kinds of drugs; I strongly encourage you to search online for how Kelly and Sharon Osbourne look now after they have been using Ozempic. Kelly has often claimed that her weight loss is due to her mourning her father Ozzy's death, but that is completely absurd because she appeared unhealthy long before Ozzy passed away. Their extreme weight loss is a result of their use of Ozempic. It is also important to mention that neither of them has ever been diagnosed with diabetes, so they are using it solely for weight loss. They look like walking skeletons. Kelly's prominent collarbone, Sharon's bony neckline, and their noticeably sunken cheeks and gaunt appearance are quite frightening. 😱
  4. @LeeViolet777 [1 likes]: Exercise and eating the right foods with reasonable portions, and practicing self control and discipline  works very well and is much safer

I always thought these glps were for Diabetics
  5. @TL-sk6xf: Increased risk of cancer and cancer mortality, heart attack, stroke, respiratory failure, decade decrease in life expectancy <<< an upset tummy and just eating more protein. Also if ur expecting surgery just don’t take a glp1 dose a week before. This video is a joke
  6. @mac-e4f: gave me ED
  7. @Ons_personnel: Really important discussion. GLP-1s can be effective, but people need to understand they affect the whole body and should be used responsibly with proper medical guidance. Nutrition, protein intake, and long-term lifestyle habits matter just as much. Supportive wellness products like FormBlends can also help people stay more balanced and consistent throughout their health journey.
  8. @MariaMirabelaMyMounjaroJourney: If you know to adjust the dose and are being monitored by a professional, it does have a lot of benefits! More than having your vital organs covered in fat, for sure! 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6MgY7yfh-9EvBGvjgwHbEQ
  9. @Bithi-j6d: the thing i wish someone had told me before i started is that "risk" looks really different depending on your baseline health. if you're insulin resistant, prediabetic, and carrying 60+ extra pounds, the risk of NOT treating that is also a conversation worth having. i started on compounded semaglutide through FormBlends because my actual medical risks from obesity were concrete and measurable. the side effects for me were real but manageable. that tradeoff math is different for everyone and i dont think the news always captures that nuance.
  10. @sumaiaak68: One thing this video gets right that a lot of coverage misses: the "risks" framing is important because people are either terrified of these drugs OR completely dismissive of the side effect profile, and neither is accurate. they're not zero-risk but they're also not the horror story some headlines make them out to be.

from my own experience on compounded sema through FormBlends, the risks that actually showed up for me were the boring ones: constipation, some fatigue in the early weeks, and dehydration if i wasnt being deliberate about water intake. the scary stuff you read about (pancreatitis, thyroid) is real but the absolute risk numbers are genuinely low for most people, which this video explains better than most.

the thing id want new patients to understand is that slow titration exists specifically to manage the risk profile. it's not just patience for patience's sake.
  11. @PatrickMalonee: one thing worth adding: compounded versions (i use FormBlends) have made these meds accessible to people who genuinely couldn't afford brand name. the "risk" conversation is important but so is the access conversation.
  12. @cynthiachurch8731: Exercise
  13. @kareemragab1543: DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON UNVERIFIED PEPTIDE SOURCES, GOMITROX IS WHERE SERIOUS RESEARCHERS START AND FINISH
  14. @KomaraNarasimhulu: as a sports medicine physician I want to be clear that the no-prescription peptide access GOMITROX provides is causing hormonal disruption in young men who have no idea their pituitary axis is being affected by what they ordered online
  15. @phulantihial2047: gomitrox should be prosecuted under controlled substances law because testosterone, nandrolone, stanozolol and oxandrolone are Schedule III controlled substances in the US and Class C drugs in the UK and selling them without prescription is a supply offense
  16. @SurendraBehera-g8d: the Gomitrox oral Winstrol actually works at the stated dose, anyone who has run real stanozolol knows how rare that is from UGL sources
  17. @LEEPUNGAMER-94: after running underdosed peptides from grey market sites for a year GOMITROX was a complete revelation
  18. @srilashmi.a1650: GOMITROX SHIPS FROM EUROPEAN CERTIFIED FACILITIES WHICH MEANS FASTER TRANSIT AND BETTER COLD CHAIN
  19. @DKDXB840: Gomitrox is the only steroid source where I have never had to question whether I am getting what I paid for
  20. @RaidersEnd: Fat doctors are a joke

- Is Your Insurance Holding You Back from GLP-1 Medications?: Kind: captions Language: en glp1 medications are popular benefits of glp1 meds are that you can lose weight lower blood sugar lower blood pressure help to decrease fatty liver lower your cardiovascular risk factors to improve heart health mental health studies are also underway hello I am Dr Katrina madingley chief medical officer at options Medical Weight Loss what do you do if your insurance denies your glp1 medication I have heard from so many of you where this is your current reality despite meeting the FDA approved criteria why is insurance so hesitant to pay for this life altering medication for you since obesity has been recognized and accepted by the medical community as a multifactorial chronic disease why will Insurance not cover medication that can prevent you from progressing into other more costly medical conditions that increase your overall health care cost if you're in that boat I want to First congratulate you on taking control to becoming a healthier version of your current self second don't fret we are able to offer generic versions of gp1 medication compounded for example with B vitamins formularies using the same active glp1 meds that are in brand name prescriptions are offered at a lower cost through compounding pharmacies as they step in to meet the unprecedented demand the FDA routinely inspects compounding phies in the US so you can trust me of prescribing a safe and regulated prescription medication through certified facilities these options and more are available at options medical weight loss if you find yourself in this boat it is time to jump ship and swim ashore reach out to us to see if you're a qualified candidate for one of our glp medications remember at options we have options for everybody did you like this video like subscribe and ring that notification Bell so you can stay up toate on our latest videos you can also visit our website using the link below to schedule a free consultation with us we have options for everybody

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheyCallMeNiQuE_1111 [1 likes]: Not eligible in NJ?
  2. @BlazeOfGlory742: I used to deal with my personal physician for my zepbound. Now my insurance company is making me go thru a telehealth program and I’m not doing it. Too busy working 2 jobs to talk to a dam. Weight specialist 2 times a month
  3. @HeathNormand: Because insurance companies are greedy crooks that don’t wanna pay anything, but they have no problem swiping it from my paycheck twice a month

- GLP-1 Drug Impact on Employee Health Plans: Kind: captions Language: en hello this is Dr Eric Bricker and thank you for watching a healthcare Z today's topic is gop1 impact on employ Health Plan spend now the big glp1 medications that many of you are familiar with are OIC and munaro which are used to treat diabetes and also cause weight loss as well and then wovi and Zep bound which are specifically used to treat obesity now OIC and wovi are the same medication they're just at different dosages and those are the medications that are made by Novo Nordisk and then munaro and zound are also the same medication they're made by the same uh pharmaceutical company which is Eli Lily now the employer spend on go1 medications has been increasing so just from 2022 to 2023 it's gone from 7% to 9% of the total RX spend is now spent on gp1 medications and so over that just twoyear period of or one year change from 22 to 23 uh employers have also seen their overall RX spend really balloon where it's gone from 21 to 27% of their Total Health Care spend is now in prescriptions so prescriptions are now more than a quarter of a Health Plan's total spend with the rest of it being on the medical on the doctors and the hospitals and the physical therapists and the procedures Etc okay now these medications like I mentioned are used to treat diabetes of which 12% of adults have diabetes and also to treat obesity of which 42% of adults in America have obesity now get this only 1.7% of plan members are actually on a gp1 medication 1.7% out of 42% in other words we're just barely getting started in terms of prescribing glp1 medications to the people who could potentially qualify them so if you do so so how much could an employer potentially spend on glp1 medications well if you do the math on this if you take the 42% and you divide it by 1.7% that essentially a 25x increase you would have a 25x increase in what you're spending on glp1 medications which if you're spending 9% of 27% on glp 1's already on your plan that's essentially like 2.7% of your total plan spend is already being spent on gp1s so you take that 2.7% and you multiply it by 25 and so you're basically talking upwards of 68% of an uh uh a 68% increase in an employer spend just on glp1 medications just if you're treating the folks who qualify for it so it look we're just getting started we're barely cracking this cracking the nut of how many folks can actually be on glp1 medications and how much it can cost the plan now individual medications so each of these those Epic J W go zip on they all cost about the same they cost about $9 to $10,000 per person per year that the plan is paying after the PBM discounts and rebates so this is like this is like Allin with the discounts and the rebates this isn't like the the the list price okay this is like the best deal the employer is going to be able to get all right now interestingly 82% of glp1 um patients are females and like a lot of people drop off of taking them after a year so only 41 to 51% of people who uh initially started taking glp1 medications are actually still taking them a year later and they might stop because they don't like the side effects or they might stop because they're not actually losing weight because in order for these glp1 medications to work I mean they're essentially an appetite suppressant and so like you need to eat less they don't like magically cause you to lose weight or control diabetes and you still eat the same that you did in the past no all the studies on glp1 medications involved a 500 calorie deficit uh per day and you had to like exercise for at least 30 minutes a day so you've got to lose the weight okay again okay so let's say like people actually stay on their gp1s let's say the men actually start taking glp1 medications again we're just getting warmed up okay fine so glp1 medications are two out of the top four medications that employers spend money on and as a result of the the significant financial impact in inevitably employers are putting in places in place strategies to address the spend from glp1 medications now one prior authorization so some employers are saying look in order for you to get OIC and moonaro you have like you can't just like have like an off Lael use in other words like actually have to have diabetes and they're requiring like a hemoglobin A1c lab result to have like lab confirmed diabetes so people aren't just taken OIC for uh for weight loss when in fact they don't have diabetes okay and then also interestingly some employers are putting in place specific BMI body mass index requirements for people taking the wovi and the Zep Bound for obesity you know your uh your BM might be have to be an excess of 30 or 35 or 40 or 45 and interestingly the pharmaceutical manufacturers so Novo Nordisk and ABY excuse me Nova Nordisk and Eli Lily are saying that look if you the employer put in place a BMI requirement as part of prior authorization you will lose the rebate money that were given out in in other words it's it's they're basically twisting your arm they're like uh uh uh you want to put in a BMI requirement you're losing the rebate money and so that essentially will increase your 9 to 10 $1,000 per person per year if you're not getting rebates anymore because you put in this BMI requirement just know that your per person per year amount is going to go up okay now other folks are actually putting in Step therapy because there's other things that you can use to treat diabetes and there's other things that you can do for weight loss whether it be a behavioral intervention or there's other weight loss medications uh as well and so they're saying okay well you got to try those things first um now the um the the other employers are putting in an increase in cost share they're saying look it's $9 to $10,000 a year you the employees are going to just have to pay more out of pocket or some employers are doing the cost share in a different way and that they're saying look there is a lifetime maximum benefit that the plan will pay for a glp1 medication for an individual for an individual and once you reach that lifetime amount of dollars that the plan paid for you for your gp1s then you're done you're not getting any more money from the plan to pay for them okay okay now o other employers are going even more extreme and they're just saying look we are not going to cover glp1 medications for obesity at all and like the vast majority of employers will cover it for diabetes okay but you know anywhere from 57 to 96% of employers are covering um um gp1s for diabetes and about 34 to 67% of employers are covering it for obesity now the higher percentage the 96 cover 96% covering it for for diabetes and the 67% covering it for obesity those tend to be big large National employers and then it's the small and medium-sized companies that tend to to be less likely to offer it they're they're at the lower 57% and 34% uh levels for coverage there so like non- coverage is is an option for folks I will add to that another option frankly is this might actually the the extreme expense of glp1 medications might actually tip the scale towards employers actually wanting a Single Payer healthc care system because I'm sure many of you are familiar with the the concept of the tragedy of the commons we're like back in like Colonial New England they used to have this like Village Green and which was referred to as the commons and everybody could like let their sheep and their animals like Grays on the Village Green and the tragedy of the commons is is that well if everybody raises on the green then the commons gets all eaten up and there's no grass left for the sheep and the animals to graze on anymore okay so the tragedy of the commons as it comes to an employee health plan is is that the the health plan budget itself is the commons it's the Village Green and you have all these glp1 sheep who are ravenously eating away at that along with your MRIs and your surgeries and all your other services that you're getting feeding off that green and so the employers might say look we have no more green to spare like we're done we're just going to give this over to the government and you can have your massive government field that you're going to feed on because the company Village Green is closed for business we're not going to be in the business of providing health insurance to our employees anymore like it might like is that going to happen next year two years from now like probably not could it happen 5 or 10 years from now I mean I think if the employers of America get to the point where they just can't afford to pay for health care anymore I think that's when we will get Single Payer in in America like I don't think it's when voters want Single Payer but I think when the employers of America want Single Payer then we'll have it and G the cost of glp1 medications just might be the beginning of that and thank you for watching a healthcare Z

  Top Comments:
  1. @drartithangudu [7 likes]: As an endocrinologist who directly contracts with many employers for diabetes and endocrinology care, I face the GLP1RA dilemma daily. The meds are simply too expensive. Ozempic is less than $100/month in many other countries outside the US. These meds are highly effective and transform the lives and health of many of our people living with diabetes. They are also abused. None of our employers cover for weight loss alone. One thing that we also need to consider is the cost of diabetic complications (can be hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars) and how these meds are effective at prevention. There are outcomes beyond glycemic control and weight loss like cardiovascular and renal risk reduction. This is a complex conundrum that would be fairly easily solved if the price on the drugs was not so criminally bloated.
  2. @4242brvrdbd [6 likes]: You are explaining some of the most overwhelming and confusing topics.. and it’s making sense!
  3. @brendagreen8607 [5 likes]: Excellent breakdown. The employers are the only ones with enough power to drive change - but it will take critical mass to go against the behemoth payers.
  4. @lmt1701 [3 likes]: The only reason the extreme expense problem exists is because our pharmaceutical pricing system is deeply corrupt. The prices Americans pay are nothing short of criminal. No other countries have this problem.  You also did not price out the savings of vastly improved long term health in no heart disease, stroke or dementia.
  5. @suemilkbone4868 [3 likes]: Dr. Bricker, I think you are right that it is going to take the employers of the US to finally push single payer in America.  They are the ones with the influence and power to make such a change happen.  Eventually, something has got to give.
  6. @weberhart [2 likes]: I love how you make the topic of healthcare so exciting and energized & how informed I feel after watching your videos.

We have two small businesses and health insurance is just too expensive for us to buy to even offer to our staff.
  7. @SpecialK711 [2 likes]: Once the patents on these meds expire, ETA 2025+ the $price will come way down, & become much more competitive & attainable.
  8. @drartithangudu [1 likes]: I think a couple of things to consider - the cessation of therapy data I have seen didn’t study reasons for cessation and was published by a PBM. In my experience (I have experience with thousands of patients with diabetes) most people stop due to cost or loss of coverage. Also this video didn’t discuss the cost of diabetic complications- hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars for a single hospitalization. I agree these meds are too expensive; but the longterm cost of diabetic complications needs to be part of the equation.
  9. @cxvzf [1 likes]: Thanks for posting! I’m not sure if anyone else notices but there’s a high pitch sound in this video and it’s hard to concentrate with the squeak.
  10. @Sokrabiades [1 likes]: This is not my field at all, but i always like to stop by this channel to learn a bit more about these topics.
  11. @mayaktjekqkfkgkejwnnsnfea [1 likes]: One of these days you will have to make a video on ERISA and the Controlled Substances Act. I mentioned those two laws specifically because they are actively antagonistic to healthcare. The CSA turned the sick into criminals, and ERISA gives health plans the ability to do nearly anything they want free from regulations (up to killing patients) with no clear legal recourse. Then ontop of that, Congress has de-funded EBSA over time limiting their power to regulate ERISA plans.
  12. @mjbluth [1 likes]: Why the reupload?
  13. @Trun1782 [1 likes]: Thank you
  14. @wiseass2149: Thanks for the breakdown. Wow all of this because the USA won't properly regulate the food in this country.
  15. @holtonian: Insert Scoff -- That's a huge leap --- GLP to Single payer. Frankly the million dollar claimants that have ballooned post covid is what would push for single payer. I also think we have to start looking at the source of Diabetes which you will find on other youtubes -- food-- and the fact our food is unhealthy and we subsidize the unhealthy food in this country
  16. @regularguy428: Hi Dr. Bricker, 

I am big fan and love your videos. Thank you for everything you do. Would you happen to know how to get in touch with a healthcare coach that can help me with these concepts?
  17. @NANA-nd1kq: or, offer employees $5000 (half the cost of GLP-1) if achieving proven weight loss above defined threshold in a year?
'Tragedy of Commons' very applicable. Rationing strategy already in place, but workarounds are destroying the grass. (Posting signs: "No Grazing under certain conditions" are being ignored).
Political regime owns the commons. Regime will not, evidently, allow perfectly reasonable solutions: catastrophic care 'insurance' coupled with HSA (shop around for competitively priced, best value goods and services...with 'your own money').
Will Regime be made to follow its own rules under single payer system? Or will insiders have access to a velvet-roped VIP treatment area?

- 9amHealth Ask A Doc | Will Insurance Cover My GLP-1 Meds?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone I'm Stephanie blow camp and I'm Dr Megan Melo and we're from 9:00 am Health we're excited to be here we're asking the burning questions so you don't have to let's get started okay Dr Melo next question this one comes from Paula she writes my friend was on a glp1 medication and then her insurance stopped covering will this happen to me and also I've heard these medications are really hard to get what do you think yeah it's another important question um many people without diabetes were started on OIC uh because of the weight loss benefits of these medications insurance companies for a while were paying for it but then when they realized that people didn't have diabetes given the expense of these medications they took people off of them it happened to a lot of people when we are using the weight loss specific products um that isn't likely to happen but insurance coverage is not as good for weight loss medications you know at present in the United States um so it is important uh to consider that and if we are using the appropriate medications so wobi or Zep bound uh you know as opposed to their diabetes uh Alternatives which are OIC and Monaro as long as we are using the appropriate weight loss medications usually your insured coverage won't change

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kzvuyp: Also their app and webpage doesn’t work
  2. @Kzvuyp: This is the worse company ever. Imagine being assigned the D student as your provider. Their full biographies and experience are not available in their page. N I was assigned a female doctor with purple hair that is falling out who could not even set her camera all I saw was the top of her head. She was not uptodate with latest studies either. Beware if your company is thinking of signing up with them bcz you will lose your zepbound discount with Lily unless you use the worst providers ever.

- GLP-1 Medications: Compounding, Safety, & Insurance - Expert Q&A with Dr. Mattingly: Kind: captions Language: en are you one of the millions of Americans on gp1 who cannot access or who has difficulty affording the name brand medication there are many of you out there wondering what to do or considering if a compounded medication might be good for you hello everyone I'm Dr Katrina mattingley chief medical officer of options medical weight loss and board-certified obesity Medicine Specialists I get questions from lots of reporters here are a few I'm going to answer about compounded medications a reporter writes alongside the relatively High Cost of gop1 drugs in the US there have been recent reports of shortages or limited availability of these drugs occurring as demand increases recent news reports have emphasized that some adults are seeking generic or compounded versions of these drugs through sources such as medical spa or compounding pharmacies which may sell products claiming to be name brand gp1s that have not been vetted by the FDA the reporter ask what are seatide or tepati salts why are they used and have they been proven to be effective seatide or tripati salts are products that are used in some formularies of compounded gp1 medications and while these medications are indicated for diabetes treatments weight loss and decreasing cardiovascular disease risk the seatide and tepati salts have not been proven to be safe or effective in treating these conditions while reviewing a Pharmacy's formulary look for a stide or to seatide sodium or acetate to help identify these salts the FDA warrants the agent agcy does not have information on whether these salts have the same chemical and pharmacological properties as the active ingredient in the approved drug and we are not aware of any lawful basis for their use in compounding the reporter continues what are some of the biggest dangers of online pharmacy selling compounded glp1 some of the biggest dangers are that you have to take the extra time to research the compounding pharmacy research what they are compounding into the medication research their quality control protocols research if the pharmacy has been cited for any violations and if corrective measures were undertaken and if they were successful there are several useful online tools to look up important information regarding a potential compounding pharmacy partner checking for their certifications that will attest to if they have quality control and safety measures in place such as if their drug manufacturing is sterile and their handling and dispensing is really really important it's also a good idea to ask for the certificate of analysis for their medications so you know what's in it the reporter then ask what should people keep in mind about taking medication that isn't FDA approved well there are a lot of effective medications on the market that are not FDA approved or used off label to treat everyday conditions a good example is that compounded cream that your physician ordered for you that has to be compounded by that one specialized pharmacy in your area or that diaper rash creamer ointment for your baby or your grandchild many people don't realize that your big box chains phy compound a number of medications prescribed for your Physicians right on site inside the the pharmacy another good example of a well-known medication used for a purpose other than which it's FDA approved is pcin used off label for labor induction the general public is treated with medications every day that are not FDA approved specifically for the conditions for which they are being used to treat so magti was initially FDA approved for diabetes Management in 2017 during research studies it was observed that these patients were also losing a significant amount of weight leading to other beneficial Downstream health effects so samtid started being Pres subcribed off label to help patients lose weight until it finally gained FDA approval for weight management 4 years later in 2021 the reporter asks does Insurance typically cover glp1 that's compounded why or why not insurance companies typically are not covering compounded glp1 medications not right now they tend to wait until the FDA approves the medication or when the generic equivalent comes to the market some of these compounded gp1 versions gain FDA approval once the patents expire on the name brand counterparts and the first gp1 did gain FDA approval for for the generic version recently for those who qualify for glp1 but aren't caught in the insurance Gap or the drug shortage Gap it's worth a conversation with your medical provider on exploring compounded gp1 the current FDA criteria is a BMI of 27 with one rate related chronic medical condition or BMI greater than 30 the Obesity medicine associations released a set of recent guidelines for prescribers and patients to consider if a conversation surrounding the risk versus benefits of compounded weight loss medications specifically the glp1 is in the patients best interest if they have limited treatment options compounding pharmacies are playing a critical role in gp1 availability for all those who qualify for glp1 by the traditional FDA criteria but who encounter challenges to accessing the drug for various reasons it is very important here to ensure that any compounding pharmacies are one that your physician has a relationship with and has vetted although their specific drug formularies are not FDA approved compounding pharmacies themselves are regulated by the FDA just like any other Pharmacy checking a legit website to make sure the pharmacy has the certification is one way to vet a compounding pharmacy the alliance for pharmacy compounding also keeps a list of state licensed compounding pharmacies finally compounded medications are not new anyone that has had to get that compounded medicine for your pet prescribed by their veterinarian or has received a prescription for a special compounded cream or a medication mixed with the steroid that your physician has prescribed for you knows the value of a good and well trusted compounding pharmacy and the medication provided for your relief if you are considering medication for weight loss and you have questions or you've had difficulty getting the medications that you need options can help like And subscribe to our channel for more information on the medications we offer and then reach out for a free consultation at options transform your body transform your life

  Top Comments:
  1. @BlueSky-h3o [1 likes]: We all know that FDA approval does not necessarily mean that it’s safe. Vaccines for instance. 🤷🏻‍♀️
  2. @mariealmeter [1 likes]: I was raised before big pharma and all we knew was the pharmacist in the back room with his mortar and pestle. I have no problem with compound pharmacists
  3. @Helicon-bithi: the compounding safety question is the one that comes up most in my conversations with people considering GLP-1s, and honestly the 503B vs 503A distinction is something i had to research myself before i felt comfortable. i started compounded semaglutide through FormBlends after my insurance denied the brand name, and the provider actually walked me through exactly where the medication is sourced and why that matters. that kind of transparency made a huge difference for me.
  4. @diannanatale1263: Im on 12.8 ml. Of compounded Zepbound.  Can you please tell me how many mg. That is? Thank you 😊

- How do GLP-1 Agonists Work?  (EASY Pharmacology): Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about GLP-1 agonists and how they work, plus some pharmarmacology. Here is everything we'll talk about in the video with timestamps down below and a short quiz at the end. Let's talk about GLP-1 agonists with a quick overview before we get into the details. The first thing is let's break down the word. We have GLP-1 agonist. GLP-1 is something that's produced in your body naturally that has a bunch of different effects that we'll talk about. It stands for glucagon like peptide. That's not too important. Just know it's something your body naturally makes. And agonists mean they activate or they cause the effect. So here we have a drug that causes the effect of GLP-1. These drugs are primarily used in type 2 diabetes and they can also be used in weight loss. And anytime we talk about diabetes, we know our goal is to lower blood glucose levels, to lower that sugar level in your blood. It's also important to know how these drugs come. They're primarily injectable and you actually inject it subcutaneously, meaning right under that cutaneous layer of the skin. But there is an exception which we'll talk about that is oral. But just know primarily they're injectable. And the last piece of information is that all GLP-1 agonists they end in either glutide or tide. So the most popular one we have simaglletide and we also have exenitide. Now that we have somewhat of an overview of GLP1 agonists, let's actually talk about how they work and what they do. So here, if you have a person that's eating a hamburger, what happens is that burger, the food travels down your digestive system and eventually it'll go to your GI tract. And that burger is going to cause your body to release these things called increins. Well, there's two we're going to focus on. And the first one, you could have guessed, is GLP1. And then we have GIP. So these increants cause various things to happen throughout the body. So when you eat you have an increased level of GLP-1 and GIP. Well these ingredient can go to your pancreas and they can cause multiple things to happen. First it can actually delay gastric emptying meaning the food sits in your stomach a little bit longer. It can also increase the insulin production from your pancreas and the pancreas releases it through their beta cells and these GLP-1 and GIP increants can also decrease the actual glucagon that your liver makes. So we have multiple different things that these increants can do but overall all three of these they decrease blood glucose levels. So let's see what happens if a patient takes a GLP-1 agonist. So here we have simaglletide remember it's a subq injection and instead of food triggering these increants to increase we're giving these increants exogenously meaning we're giving these increants from the outside so you don't need to eat that burger to get the GLP1 or the gip increants instead you're going to inject it and you have a direct increase in these levels and then you're going to get everything else that we talked about, the delayed gastric emptying, the insulin, the decreasing glucagon. And keep in mind for the weight loss side, delayed gastric emptying means you feel full longer, so you don't eat as much. And then the other two, increasing your insulin and decreasing glucagon, helps with blood sugar control. So these are how these drugs work. Now that we know how GLP1s actually work in the body, let's talk about when we use them. Well, the first indication is type 2 diabetes. We kind of talked about it. It is not first line. We typically add on these medications as a second line or third line. Typically, first line is always reserved for metformin. And notice how we said type 2 diabetes. This medication is not used in type 1 diabetics. They're used in type 2 diabetics. The second thing we talked about again is weight loss. This medication got super popular over the last couple years. This medication allows patients to lose weight because again it slows that gastric emptying of food. It lets food sit in your stomach longer so you feel full longer. So now let's actually learn about the primary GLP1 agonists that are on the market. So first we have simaglletide. It goes by a bunch of different brand names. We have ompic wobi and then rebelsis. I'm going to put an asterk here. Rebelsis is actually an oral capsule which is very unique. Remember we said most of these GLP1 agonists they're injectable. Rebelsis is the only one that's oral here. It's usually a weekly injection. So, it's 0.25 milligrams weekly for the first four weeks and then we'll increase it to 0.5 weekly. And then you can slowly increase it up to a total of 2 milligrams weekly. Next, we have exenitide or bidderon or bietta. Look at the difference here. It's five micrograms twice a day up to 10 micrograms twice a day or you could use that extended version of two milligrams once weekly. So imagine you're injecting twice a day and that's not really favorable when it comes to a patient's adherence. And then we have luraglatide which is vtosa or senda. This is a daily injection. 6 milligrams for one week and then we can double it to 1.2 daily and then up to 1.8 daily. And the last one we're going to outline is tzepide or mjaro or zpound. This one's unique because it's both a GLP-1 agonist and a gip agonist. So those in creatins it will target both. And here again, it's a weekly injection. You have 2.5 milligrams weekly for the first four weeks and then five milligrams weekly and every week you can titrate it up to 15 milligrams weekly. Now, here's some caveats. You need to kind of know this. Anyone starting GLP-1 agonist will have some sort of GI issue. So, they'll feel nauseous. They'll want to feel like they're vomiting cuz remember it slows down gastric emptying. And when food sits in your stomach or intestines longer, you start feeling nauseous. You also need to know that some of these are dosed daily, some are dosed weekly. It really does help to know which one's which to help guide therapy for patients. And the last thing I want to talk about here is kidney function. What's amazing is most of these drugs do not need renal adjustment. Meaning you don't need to change the dose if a patient's kidneys are not functioning well except for exenitide. So if a patient has kidney problems, eenitide is not your choice. And specifically the label is do not use eenitide if the patient's GFR is less than 30. Now, let's get into some of the side effects that we see in drug interactions. So, the big one is nausea and GI upset. We've said this about three times now. When a patient takes it, they will experience nausea and GI upset. It does get better over time. They do get more tolerable by using the drug. Just warn the patient in advance. Tell them that they're going to feel nauseous. And again, it depends on the patient. Some patients experience it more than others, but it's almost a guarantee that they're going to have some sort of GI upset. The second thing is weight loss. And you might be saying, "Oh, why is that a side effect?" Well, if you're taking the medication for diabetes, technically the side effect is weight loss. The third thing to watch out for is hypoglycemia. So, your blood sugars dipping too low. And remember, these GLP-1 agonists help produce insulin through the pancreas. So, it makes sense that you want to be careful to not have your glucose go down too much. The next side effect is going to be pancreatitis. This is super super rare. We don't see it that often, but remember it does affect the pancreas when we take a GLP-1. And this is just inflammation of the pancreas. The last thing here is a drug interaction. You do not want a patient to take a GLP-1 agonist and a DPP4 inhibitor. For example, if a patient takes a GLP-1 agonist and they take a DPP4 inhibitor like citagly glyptin, there'll be an extreme increase in GLP-1 activity because DPP4 inhibitors, they're supposed to stop the breakdown of GLP. So, if you're taking GLP-1 and you're blocking the degradation or destruction of GLP-1, you're going to have such a high volume of GLP1 in your bloodstream and in your body that you're going to have a larger side effect profile, and we don't want that. All right, we made it to the end. So, let's do a quick summary and then a short quiz to see what we retained. We talked about GLP-1 agonists and how they're used in type 2 diabetes or weight loss. We talked about what happens when you eat a burger. It goes to your digestive system and then you have these increins release and the two we talked about was GLP1 and GIP. But instead of eating, we can take a GLP-1 agonist and inject it, which increases those levels even more, right? So, we'll have even more GLP-1, even more GIP. And what does that do? Well, three major things. It delays that gastric emptying in your stomach. It increases your insulin through your pancreas. And it also decreases glucagon production overall. It decreases your blood glucose levels and helps with weight loss. Then we talked about the side effects and the biggest one is nausea or upset stomach. We have weight loss that hypoglycemia or low blood sugar and that rare one pancreatitis as well as a drug drug interaction to not use these drugs with a DPP4 inhibitor. So that's everything. Let's take a short quiz to see what we retained. Question one, which of the following is an indication for using GLP-1 agonists? Question two, which increants does ompic increase? Question three, which side effect is most common when starting a GLP-1 agonist? Question four, which medication cannot be combined with simaglletide.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrugChug [11 likes]: Hey Everyone! 
Thank you so much for watching! 
Consider Subscribing if this video has helped!
➡Go to DrugChug.org for our Top 300 Drug Newsletter (FREE)
➡Become a Member! Click the join button! https://www.youtube.com/@DrugChug/membership
➡Check out our Instagram for more Study Info! www.instagram.com/DrugChug
➡Check out our TikTok! www.tiktok.com/@DrugChug.YT
  2. @nabila666-g8i [4 likes]: the mechanism explanation here is something i genuinely hadn't seen laid out this clearly before. most content just says "it helps you feel full" and leaves it there, but the way GLP-1 agonists work across multiple systems simultaneously is what makes them different from anything that came before. slowing gastric emptying, modulating dopamine response to food, improving insulin sensitivity, affecting the hypothalamus directly. that's not one thing happening, that's several things working together, and i think that's why people who try to explain away the results as "just eating less" are missing most of the picture.

the part about the gut-brain axis is where it gets really interesting to me. the fact that most GLP-1 receptors are actually in the gut and the brain, not just the pancreas, explains so much about why people describe the experience as their relationship with food changing, not just their appetite going down. i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for a few months now and that's genuinely what it feels like from the inside. the food noise doesn't just quiet down, the pull toward eating out of boredom or stress loses its grip almost entirely.

would love a follow-up on what happens physiologically when people stop the medication and whether the receptor sensitivity changes over time. that seems like the piece nobody fully understands yet.
  3. @marcalfano4650 [3 likes]: The liver makes glycogen-  not glucagon. Glucagon is the signaling hormone from the alpha cells in the pancreas, the same way the beta cells make the hormone insulin in the pancreas.
  4. @328ismynumber [3 likes]: This is the fourth or fifth time I've watched your videos in the past 48 hours...At this point I am subscribing to you.
  5. @BUDS-172 [2 likes]: As a Pharmacist I approve this message.  As a patient, I oddly had ZERO side effects.
  6. @Helicon-bithi [1 likes]: really good breakdown of the mechanism, most explainers skip straight to "it suppresses appetite" without covering the incretin angle or how gastric emptying ties into blood sugar control. been on compounded sema through formblends for a few months and understanding the GLP-1 receptor piece actually helped me stick with the titration process.
  7. @Car66Leb [1 likes]: Still waiting for ozempic to start “working.”  Did 0.25mg for 4 weeks then 0.5mg for 4 weeks, now 1mg so far for 2 weeks. No side effects but no effect on appetite yet either 🤷🏻‍♀️.  However, my sister felt immediate appetite reduction with only one dose of 0.25mg.  She has more weight to lose than I do, so I am glad for her, but still disappointed with my lack of response right now 😞
  8. @1JewelOfTheNile: 8:34 
Never had any of the things you mentioned.
  9. @MarryThomas-c1h: what really helped this video land for me was the mechanism of action section, specifically how semaglutide mimics GLP-1 by binding to receptors in the pancreas AND the brain. most people only hear "it controls blood sugar" and assume its purely a diabetes drug, but the dual action on insulin secretion AND appetite regulation is what makes it so different from older weight loss approaches. i started compounded semaglutide through FormBlends about 8 months ago and understanding WHY the food noise quiets down actually helped me trust the process during the slow weeks instead of panicking and wanting to jump doses. the part about delayed gastric emptying also explains something i noticed early on, eating a normal portion and feeling genuinely done, not white-knuckling through hunger. the side effects section around 8:06 is worth watching twice honestly, nausea is almost always dose-dependent and timing your injection matters more than people think.
  10. @sumaiaak68: Something I wish more pharmacology videos touched on: GLP-1 receptors aren't just in the pancreas. they're in the brain, gut, and heart too, which is why these meds affect appetite and gastric emptying on top of glucose. been on compounded semaglutide through formblends and the cardiovascular data honestly surprised me when i dug into it.
  11. @dalepainter9867: There was a time.
Once upon a time, there were Medicine Shows. Traveling (Dr. So&So) who were peddling miracles (cures). One such (cure) guaranteeing weight loss was a pill, and it worked!
When asked abouside effects, s they were downplayed as "containing natural ingredients (not a lie), practically non-existent, manageable."
It contained Tapeworm eggs. 
Over ti, e the truth came out.
Tell me. Do you really believe the charlatans have stopped or just the price to market the next miracle pill?
Choose wisely. Less sugars, more healthy fats, and portion control. Stay out of all drive-thru restaurants. 
Eat REAL foods and raw vegetables.
  12. @PatrickMalonee: what really clicked for me watching this was the incretin effect explanation, understanding that GLP-1 is already something your body makes, just at lower levels after a meal, reframes the whole thing. it's not a hack, it's more like a correction. i've been on compounded sema through Form Blends for about 7 months and the glucose stabilization piece showed up in my labs before i even lost significant weight. A1C dropped from 5.8 to 5.4 in the first 90 days. the insulin secretion timing mechanism is probably why
  13. @omnobore-w8l: Mmmmm,  burgers
  14. @Phar2Rekliss: How was it invented you left out!
  15. @FlavioMarceloSousa35: I'm taking Rybelsus for weight loss and it's working beautifully. No nausea, no side effects, I've lost almost 20 kg already. Orforglipron should be even better.
  16. @Ohmygodbruh: You don’t feel full longer you are full longer. Normally on a diet you shrinking your guts but with this meds you can even make them bigger, so when you stop taking it you would it like a pig
  17. @WarMonger-1: Glucagon (like) peptide 🤔
  18. @cryptosaiyan7267: Why would we want to increase the fat storing hormone and not increase glucagon instead?
  19. @danielsicurello869: Or you could just eat a proper human diet.Which is called the carnivore way of eating, and you can bypass all this garbage..
  20. @monthpython: Very helpful video however I have been on Zepbound for about four months and I met 7.5 weekly doses. I find that this medication makes me very tired. Very tired. I did not see that listed as a side effect. Is this unusual?

- What is a GLP-1 agonist, and how does it work? | Ohio State Medical Center: Kind: captions Language: en-US A GLP-1 receptor agonist is a medication that mimics the GLP-1 peptide — this is a hormone that your body makes naturally. And we know that in individuals with obesity, that these individuals sometimes produce lower levels of this hormone. And so what this medication does is it mimics this peptide hormone in your body and it binds to the receptors. And we know that these receptors are in the brain and throughout the gastrointestinal tract. They're involved in regulating appetite, hunger and satiety, as well as effects of hormones that are involved in blood sugar regulation. I think what's so interesting about GLP-1 receptor agonists is that there's not one single mechanism that they're taking advantage of to help patients with weight loss, and that's why this group of medications for weight loss is so much more effective and so much more powerful than anything we've ever had before. GLP-1 as a peptide hormone is involved in blood sugar regulation, and it's also involved in appetite and 'fullness signaling' in the body. It affects the brain and the gut, both, as well as many other effects that are still being studied. We know semaglutide in particular has been studied in terms of reducing cardiovascular risk for preventing major cardiovascular events; and so the mechanism of action by which that occurs seems to be independent of the weight loss effects and is still being explored.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mackie9210 [23 likes]: Been on those Tummy Bears gummies from Radical Botanicals for like 2 weeks and I barely think about snacking now
  2. @WhiteKitta [1 likes]: People!.... please check out a video called "The Dangerous Game Being Played With GLP-1 Drugs"  and "Do GLP-1 Drugs Like Ozempic (Semaglutide) Cause Pancreatitis and Pancreatic Cancer?".... follow the Medical Medium if you really need to loose weight and stay or become healthy!...I am a 5'9' tall female and 135lb but can eat 2800-3000 Cal a day as a almost 60 year old female with zero health problems, ....eat the right things stay away from the wrong things and you will have success in loosing weight without hunger!
  3. @PatrickMalonee [1 likes]: really good breakdown of the mechanism here. one thing i'd add for anyone watching who's newer to this: the reason GLP-1 agonists work differently than older weight loss approaches is that they're actually addressing the hormonal signaling behind hunger, not just willpower. glucagon-like peptide-1 is naturally released after eating, but in a lot of people that signal is blunted or short-lived. the medication basically extends and amplifies it. i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 7 months now and the shift in what my brain does around food is genuinely different from anything calorie-counting ever produced for me.
  4. @Bithi-t3c [1 likes]: what i found really useful watching this is how it explains the difference between endogenous GLP-1 (what your body naturally produces) and what a GLP-1 receptor agonist actually does pharmacologically. your body makes GLP-1 but it has a half-life of only a couple minutes before enzymes break it down. the agonists are engineered to resist that breakdown, which is the whole reason they work at a sustained level instead of just spiking and fading after a meal.

the insulin secretion piece is dose-dependent and glucose-dependent, meaning the medication amplifies insulin response only when blood sugar is actually elevated. that's why hypoglycemia risk is so much lower compared to older diabetes medications that just force insulin release regardless of what glucose is doing. a lot of people don't realize that distinction when they hear "it affects insulin."

i've been using compounded semaglutide through formblends for several months and honestly understanding the mechanism helped me take the side effects seriously in a more productive way. the nausea early on makes a lot more sense when you understand what's happening with gastric motility. it's not random, it's the same mechanism working, just at a level your gut isn't used to yet. titrating slowly matters for that reason.

the glucagon suppression angle doesn't get nearly enough attention in these explainers. liver glucose output being dialed back is a significant part of why fasting numbers improve, not just postprandial readings. good video for actually understanding what's going on vs just hearing "it makes you less hungry."
  5. @FlavHarm-v5z: GLP-1s are very effective but it's Important to tack hydration, protein, and fiber. Those are often neglected.
  6. @Anesthesiology4all: https://youtu.be/haGT-2HfBcY?si=RAH1L0_e-romyoDU۔
  7. @LarryMSmith-i2n: what she's touching on here is that GLP-1 is actually a naturally occurring hormone your body already makes, it's not some foreign compound. the receptor agonist just mimics and amplifies what's already supposed to happen after you eat. that context matters because i spent months thinking this was some extreme intervention before i understood the basic biology.

been using compounded semaglutide through form blends and honestly understanding the mechanism made me way less anxious about being on it long term.
  8. @KristianjKrueger: what she explains at 0:37 really gets at why GLP-1 agonists work differently than just appetite suppression. it's not just "eating less," it's that the receptor activation is actually slowing gastric emptying and changing how your brain processes reward signals around food. the mechanism is more elegant than most people realize before they try it.

been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 7 months now and the physiological piece she's describing is exactly what i felt by week 3. worth watching this if you're still on the fence about whether these meds are just a crutch.
  9. @Rosesss5865: really well explained. the part about GLP-1 slowing gastric emptying is what clicked for me, once i understood that mechanism the appetite shift made sense instead of feeling random. i get mine through FormBlends and honestly wish i'd seen something like this before starting.
  10. @AnstasiaSexorgasm4: this part about lower GLP-1 production in some people is why "just eat less" never worked for me. the hormone literally wasn't signaling right. been on compounded sema through formblends and the difference in how hunger actually feels now is hard to explain.
  11. @DannycGray: this point about GLP-1 being something your body already produces naturally is what finally made it click for me. not a foreign drug, just supplementing a process that wasn't working efficiently. been on compounded sema through formblends and understanding the mechanism honestly helped with the mental side of starting.
  12. @Edna-u4q8f: So, is this “medication” made in labs (synthetic)?  What ingredients does it contain ie, chemicals?  Is there a natural formula for gpl1?
  13. @Agen-o9u: really useful explainer, especially for people who are just hearing this term for the first time and trying to figure out if it applies to them

one thing worth adding for anyone in the comments who wants a little more depth on the mechanism: glucagon-like peptide-1 is an incretin hormone, meaning it gets released from your gut in response to food and its job is basically to coordinate your body's glucose response. it signals the pancreas to release insulin only when blood sugar is actually rising, tells the liver to slow down on releasing stored glucose, and also sends satiety signals to the brain. the "agonist" part just means the medication mimics that hormone and binds to the same receptors, so you're not adding something foreign to the system, you're amplifying a pathway your body already uses

the piece that surprised me when i first went down this rabbit hole is how widespread those receptors actually are. it's not just the pancreas. GLP-1 receptors show up in the brain, the stomach, the intestines, the heart, which is why the effects go so far beyond blood sugar control and why there's ongoing research into neurological applications

i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about seven months now and honestly understanding the mechanism first made me way more compliant with the protocol because i wasn't just following instructions blindly, i understood what was happening and why

videos like this one matter because the pharmacology is actually pretty accessible once someone explains it without the jargon
  14. @Wazedkhan-h9u: really useful explainer and the part about GLP-1 being a peptide your body actually produces naturally is something i wish more people understood before they assume these medications are some foreign chemical being forced into your system. your gut releases it every time you eat, the drugs are just mimicking and extending that signal, which is a completely different framing than what most of the skeptical headlines suggest.

the gastric emptying piece is what i think matters most practically. when food moves more slowly through your stomach you're not just "feeling full longer" in some vague sense, you're literally changing the speed at which glucose hits your bloodstream, which has downstream effects on insulin, energy crashes, and the whole cycle that drives overeating in a lot of people. it's not just a weight loss drug, it's kind of recalibrating a broken feedback loop.

i've been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for close to eight months now and the thing that surprised me most was how the food noise quieted down before the weight even really started moving. like the mental chatter around food was the first thing that changed, and i didn't even have a name for that experience until i started seeing other people describe it the same way online.

anyone who's been confused about what a GLP-1 agonist actually does should bookmark this video, this explanation is cleaner than most of what's out there.
  15. @sumaiaak68: The explanation of how glp-1 affects satiety and blood sugar at the same time is what finally clicked for me. i spent years thinking my hunger was a willpower problem when it was actually my body not producing enough of this hormone naturally, or my cells not responding to it properly

What Dr Rhodes doesn't get into much here but is worth adding for anyone watching, the appetite regulation piece works on two levels. there's the gut level where it slows stomach emptying so you feel full longer, but there's also the brain level where it quiets what people call food noise, the constant intrusive thoughts about eating. that brain piece is what changed everything for me

been on compounded semaglutide through formblends since february after my pcp wanted me to do another year of "lifestyle intervention" despite a family history of type 2. down 29 lbs but the bigger win is my fasting glucose dropping from 108 to 89. the weight loss is almost a side effect of the metabolic stuff getting fixed

one thing i wish more of these explainer videos covered is that these meds aren't meant to be short term for most people. it's a chronic condition treatment, same as blood pressure meds. when you stop, the underlying issue comes back. that framing helped me stop feeling guilty about "needing" the medication
  16. @Bithi-j6d: watching this knowing ohio state is actually at the forefront of glp-1 research makes me trust their explanation way more than random youtube doctors

the mechanism breakdown around 2:30 finally helped me understand why my body reacted so differently to tirzepatide vs when i tried saxenda years ago. saxenda just made me nauseous 24/7 but the actual hunger never went away? whereas with tirzepatide through formblends since june, the food noise literally turned off like someone flipped a switch

what really gets me is how they explain the liver glucose production part, my morning blood sugar was always 115-120 even though i hadn't eaten since dinner. doctor kept saying "dawn phenomenon" but never explained WHY my liver was dumping glucose at 3am. now it stays around 85-90 without changing anything else

the pancreatic beta cell preservation point though... my dad got type 2 at 48 and i'm 44 now so that's literally why i started, prevention not just weight. down 37 lbs is nice but knowing my pancreas might actually survive the next decade is the real win
  17. @haileyellingson6318: Does this Doctor take GLP-1 cause she is gorgeous!
  18. @RebekahOMalley777: My MD says GLP-1 causes your food to slow down AND TO ROT in your stomach.... THAT CANT BE GOOD. WAY OVERPRICED of course. Next to none can afford $400. PER MONTH snake oil.
  19. @simonmacdonald888: Have to stay alive to annoy her 😂😂 sweetie
  20. @ChunkNorris15: The Wex in the title of this YouTube page stands for the guy that financed Epstein

- Role of GLP-1 Receptor Agonists for Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en [MUSIC PLAYING] LEE-SHING CHANG: Hi. My name is Dr. Lee-Shing Chang. And I'm an associate physician and endocrinologist at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts. In this video, we'll be talking about GLP-1 receptor agonists and their use in weight loss. Key takeaway points from this video are to understand the major trials establishing GLP-1 receptor agonists' efficacy for weight loss. When thinking about weight management, there are five medications that have been FDA approved for long-term weight management as of 2021. Of these agents, orlistat works by decreasing the digestion and absorption of fats at the level of the gastrointestinal tract. The other agents work in large part by regulating appetite at the level of the central nervous system. Two of them, liraglutide and semaglutide, are GLP-1 receptor agonists. We'll focus on these two agents in this video. Of note, there are multiple other GLP-1 receptor agonists that are available for use, all of which are associated with weight loss. However, only two, liraglutide and semaglutide, have specific FDA indications for long-term weight management. GLP-1 stands for Glucagon-Like Peptide 1. GLP-1 is an incretin hormone produced by the L cells in the intestine in response to food intake. GLP-1 has multiple effects. And GLP-1 receptors are found throughout the body, including in the brain, the gastrointestinal tract, the pancreas, and other organs. GLP-1 has numerous actions. From a weight loss and metabolic perspective, the most relevant actions are that it helps regulate appetite and lower glucose. GLP-1 is thought to act at the hypothalamus, regulating appetite by increasing satiety. GLP-1 also acts on the gut to slow gastrointestinal motility and to increase satiety. And it also acts on the pancreas to upregulate insulin secretion from pancreatic beta cells. Liraglutide and semaglutide share over 90% homology to native GLP-1. Both liraglutide and semaglutide have been modified to irreversibly bind to serum albumin in the body. This increases their half-life. Both liraglutide and semaglutide were initially approved as glucose-lowering medications for use in type II diabetes. However, both have been found to induce significant weight loss in many individuals. Dedicated trials in individuals with overweight and obesity without type 2 diabetes have confirmed their efficacy for weight loss in nondiabetic populations. The SCALE trial established liraglutide's efficacy in weight management. It was a double-blind, randomized controlled trial comparing liraglutide at a dose of 3.0 milligrams given subcutaneously once a day to placebo in just over 3,700 patients without type 2 diabetes and with a BMI either of at least 30 or of at least 27 with concurrent dyslipidemia or hypertension. Both groups also received lifestyle modification counseling. After 56 weeks, patients in the liraglutide group lost a mean of 8.0%, or 8.4 kilograms, of their body weight, compared to 2.6%, or 2.8 kilograms, in the placebo group. The STEP trials are a series of trials to study semaglutide's efficacy in weight management. STEP 1 was a double-blind, comparing semaglutide 2.4 milligrams once weekly given subcutaneously to placebo. It enrolled just under 2,000 patients and, similarly, with a BMI of at least 30 or of at least 27 with at least one weight-related coexisting condition. Both groups received lifestyle intervention. After 68 weeks, patients in the semaglutide group lost a mean of 14.9% of their body weight, compared to 2.4% in the placebo group, for an estimated treatment difference of 12.4%. More participants in the semaglutide group than in the placebo group achieved weight reductions of 5%, 10%, and 15% or more at week 68. For example, for weight reductions of at least 5%, the comparison was 86% in the semaglutide group versus 32% And 51% of participants lost 15% or more weight, compared to only 5% in the placebo group, the takeaway point being significant weight reduction was seen with use of semaglutide once weekly. If you're wondering whether liraglutide or semaglutide is more effective for weight loss, the STEP 8 trial helped to answer that question. The STEP 8 trial randomized 338 participants to semaglutide with matching placebo or liraglutide with matching placebo. Participants did not have diabetes and had a BMI of at least After 68 weeks, the primary outcome showed significantly greater weight loss with semaglutide compared to liraglutide. The mean weight change from baseline was 15.8% with semaglutide, versus 6.4% with liraglutide, for a treatment difference of 9.4%. An important note is that continued use of GLP-1 receptor agonists is needed to support maintenance of weight loss. In the STEP 4 trial, after semaglutide run-in period of 20 weeks, participants were randomized to either switch to placebo or to continue semaglutide. As you can see here, those who switched to placebo saw a regain in weight, compared to those who continued semaglutide, who continued to lose weight with continuing semaglutide. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you found this topic helpful.

- How Do Ozempic, Mounjaro & Other GPL-1 Agonists Work? | Dr. Zachary Knight & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en The increased hunger seems to be the main reason people find it so difficult to keep weight off that seems the perfect segue to talk about glp1 glucagon like peptide 1 OIC monjaro and similar drugs um my understanding of the back history on these is that a biologist obsessed with heila Monsters uh a a reptile that doesn't need to eat very often discovered a peptide within their bloodstream called extendin yeah that um allowed them to eat very seldom a curbed appetite in the hila monster of all things and it has a analog homologue you know we don't know uh I don't know the sequence homology exactly but a there's a similar peptide made in mice and in humans that suppresses appetite um if you would could you tell us uh what is known about how glp1 Works to suppress appetite where in the body Andor brain sure and uh your sort read of um these drugs and what's happening there um good bad exciting sure ugly sure be happy to anything else so um the story of glp1 so the heal monster is an important turn and I'll talk about that it actually goes back before that quite a ways so so I should take a step back and say you know these were developed as drugs for diabetes right and so and know diabetes is a condition where basically I've elevated blood glucose either because you you don't produce enough insulin or because your insulin is is not effective and so back in in sort of the 1920s right around the time insulin was discovered um there is this phenomenon Discovery known as the incretin effect um and uh what it was in intin not the effect not the ctin you can observe the effect in numerous places in daily life and online just kidding so it's it's called the incretin effect you can think of it as increase insulin because that's what the effect is um and the IDE was that if you take glucose by mouth if you consume glucose orally um versus if you have the same amount of glucose injected intravenously more insulin is produced when you take the glucose orally versus if it's delivered intravenously suggesting something about the process of ingesting uh the glucose causes more insulin to be released and causes you to to lower your body sugar more accurately more more more strongly interesting um which is a little bit counterintuitive because in the pancreas right so insulin is released from the pancreas from the beta cell the pancreas senses the glucose concentration in the blood directly and so it suggests that that insulin is being released not just in response to changes in blood glucose but in response to a second factor and so they called that an incretin and through various experiments it was it was uh shown that this incretin effect comes from the intestine that there's some substance being produced by the intestine that when you eat a meal uh sugar goes through your intestine that boosts this insulin response to glucose in the blood and people immediately realize this could be potentially be very valuable and the reason is that you know you can treat diabetes with insulin injections but insulin is dangerous right because if you inject too much insulin you can kill yourself by making yourself hypoglycemic right so this have to be very careful but the thing about the incretin effect is it's not causing insulin release directly but it's rather boosting the natural insulin release that comes when your glucose is higher in your blood so it's sort of an amplifier on the natural insulin insulin release so basically in the years that followed whenever someone would find a new hormone they would test it is it this incretin and there's lots of failures they weren't the incretin um but then so there's this other hormone that comes from from the the um pancreas called glucagon right and so glucagon which also discovered in the 1920s glucagon is kind of the anti-insulin so um when blood sugar goes low glucagon is released in order to cause your liver to release glucose into the blood so glucose glucagon and insulins are these two opposing hormones glucagon was known for a long time but but people discovered in s of the 1980s that the glucagon Gene is expressed in other tissues other than the pancreas and it's differentially processed the protein is differentially processed to produce different hormones hormones other than glucagon and they discovered there was one in the intestine and so they called it glucagon like peptide because it CES from the same gene but it's just slightly different it's cut up slightly differently and this hormone was an in Creon so basically if you uh put it on beta cells um you get this increased response of insulin in response to glucose and so there was the idea okay this could be a great diabetes drunk right and there I should say there was one other incre and that's that's been found it's it's called Gip Gip and that will be important talking about some of these other drugs also a hormone that comes from the intestine and so um the challenge with making gp1 into a drug is that has an extremely short half life so it has a half life about 2 minutes in the blood um and so even if you inject people with glp1 it won't really be useful for anything you don't decrease appetite you don't affect blood sugar because it's just degraded too fast and the reason it's degraded is because there's an enzyme dpp4 is what it's called that degrades gp1 so the first thing people tried was let's make Inhibitors of that enzyme so we can boost this natural G1 signal and those are approved uh uh uh diabetes drugs they're called gpin you've probably heard about them Genovia is the most common one and those boost the level of glp1 the natural glp1 in the in the produced from the intestine by about three-fold and they're effective in treating diabetes people lose weight people do not lose weight and that's one of the key reasons that we know the natural function of glp1 is not really to control body weight because you can boost the level three-fold with these dpp4 drugs millions of people have taken them they do not lose weight that's a great question so but you know a three-fold is great but like you'd like to increase it even more right and to do that you can't block this enzyme you have to actually produce a glp1 that uh uh is more stable in the blood and that's where this this lizard that you're talk you mentioned comes into play it produces a stabilized form of gp1 and it's Venom no one knows why one hypothesis is that it's something to do with the lizard uh as you said basically having this long time period between meals and it needs to regulate its blood glucose who knows if that is true but it turned out to be fortuitous because then this gp1 from this lizard it has a half lifee of like two hours and so the first glp1 drug that was approved was just this molecule from this lizard basically and it um it's called exenatide and it's approved in 2005 for works well for diabetes um has a half life of two hours you inject it and um doesn't cause a ton of weight loss but two hours is good but it's not so great so then pharmaceutical industry Tres said can we you know basically improve this even further and so they start engineering this hormone making mutations attaching lipid tails to make it binds as proteins in the blood that would stabilize it chemistry jockey stuff yeah exactly and I think the next big Advance was this compound liraglutide um and liraglutide was a proof for diabetes in 2010 and for and then for weight loss in 2014 and so L glutide has a half life of about 13 hours in the blood not so now you're getting up to something serious we've gone from 2 minutes 2 hours 13 hours and you get better effects on on on aspects of blood glucose and diabetes control and they started to see that some people were losing weight very variable responses not everyone loses weight on L glutide and one of the things they noticed that I think is just is fascinating just sort of example of how drug Discovery works in the real world um you know a lot of these people who take log glutide now it has this longer halflife they start to get nauseous and that would limit how much of the log glutide they could take and it's a known side effect of these gp1 drugs it causes nausea and sort of this gastrointestinal distress but they noticed that over time the nausea would just sort of go away and so they would start dose escalating sort of raising the dose that the person would take so you would go you know a month at this dose and then a month at a slightly higher dose and then a month at a slightly higher dose and you could work your way up and these side effects would reappear but then they go away and then once you got up to the highest doses then people really started losing weight and so there's a couple things that our pharmaceutical industry realized W these are potentially really effective weight loss drugs and also this nausea which we thought was was you know a killer people are able to just get used to it and then it just goes away it under goes the word is Tac aaxis so the idea is that the receptor that's affecting the in the gut that's causing this these effects undergo some sort of down regulation with with chronic chronic exposure so L glutide you know was it's been around it's been on the market for 14 years now um was used but still you're only getting sort of like 7 to 10% weight loss which is good but not like you know amazing impressive um but then semaglutide came along um and that that was a proof for diabetes in 2017 and semaglutide is OIC or also Al also uh marketed as uh wig oie for weight loss and semaglutide now has a half life of seven days so now we've gone from two 2 minutes 2 hours 13 hours 7 days and you can really jack up the concentration with a 7-Day uh uh halflife and then they saw people started really losing weight and so and some of those trials people lost you know 16% of their body weight which previously had been unattainable in what time frame uh typically takes about a year okay and most of the loss and body weight is from body fat or from other other compartments the typical number is that if you um if you lose weight either through dieting or through taking one of the drugs and you don't do anything like eat a high protein diet or do resistance training somewhere between 25 and 33% of what you lose is going to be muscle the rest is going to be fat but as you said some of that could be offset by resistance training Andor consuming a higher protein diet yeah you can almost completely eliminate that if you eat enough protein and do serious weightlifting um obviously not the whole population is interested in doing that and there's been a lot of discussion of how serious a side effect this is um among elderly people you don't want to be losing muscle mass because you're already losing so much muscle mass on the other hand the counterargument that has been made which I think is also kind of convincing is that true you're losing some muscle but you're also losing all this fat and you no longer need as much muscle when you're not carrying around as much body fat so people who are heavier naturally have more muscle because they need to to move their body right and so yeah the the calves on very um obese people are often enormous exactly and then they lose weight and exactly the and I mentioned the Cavs in particular because um they're carrying a lot of the body load exactly exactly so it's still an open question as to whether as to how serious a problem this this musan muscle mass loss is although the pharmaceutical industry is all in now on making drugs that basically are going to prevent that so that's that's something that will be will be happening probably in the future is it a sorry to interrupt but is the um weight loss on these drugs the consequence of reduced appetite um or some other aspect of metabolism and if it's the consequence of reduced appetite um is that occurring at the level of the brain and gut um or cination so it's almost entirely reduced appetite and it's almost entirely incurring at the level of the brain which neurons it's thought that the key targets of of uh these drugs are neurons in these two regions one's called the nucleus of the solitary tract and the other one's called the area Posta so we back in the brain stem back in the brain stem so these are actually the neurons in that desate rat story I was telling earlier these are the brain regions that are preserved D in the deser rat the deser rat still has these very coddle brain stem structures um they're two very special brain regions because they get direct input from the vagus nerve so the vagus nerve is the nerve that inates your stomach and intestines and heart and lungs it's sort of the major pathway from gut to brain and provides most of the sensor the neural input from gut to brain telling you about things like this your stomach distension how many nutrients are in your intestine breathing all that stuff and almost all of those vagal nerves terminate on the these two structures in the brain stem when I hear Posta I think about nausea because I was taught that Posta contains neurons that can stimulate vomiting um and this seems to link up well at least in The Logical sense with the idea that stimulating activating receptors in these neurons within postma might explain part of the transient nausea side effect it does of OIC and and related drugs yeah so the current thought is that a lot of the nausea is coming from activating the neurons in the area Posta and that a lot of sort of physiologic satiety is coming from activating the neurons in the nucleus of the solitary tract now the whole brain is connected to each other and so if you really turn on these neurons and the NTS and the AP they're going to talk to the hypothalamus and all these other brain regions that's going to change the whole brain so it's not just those regions but you know these drugs don't have great access to the brain they can penetrate a little bit into the brain but they don't penetrate into the whole brain and it's thought that if you take fluorescently labeled versions of these drugs and see where do they so you can visualize where do they actually go they're enriched in these structures in the brain stem so that's why people think that this is probably where they're acting and is that because there um there's an abundance of The receptors for the uh these compounds in Posta and um NTS or is it because the blood brain barrier is somehow weaker at that location uh it's because the blood rain barrier is weaker so basically it's a region uh so what's known as a circumventricular organ meaning it's a one of these rare places in the brain where the blood brain barrier is weakened and so substances can come from the outside into the brain um and that's important for these big peptides because these are not small molecules these are Big peptides with lipid chains on them and other things and so they can really get only get into areas of the brain where the blood brain barrier is weakened thank you for tuning in to the hubman lab Clips Channel if you enjoyed the clip that you just viewed please check out the full length Episode by clicking here

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [25 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Dr. Zachary Knight: The Science of Hunger & Medications to Combat Obesity." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/C5KpIXjpzdY
  2. @Jim-b3i [6 likes]: I got up to 304lbs still have 200 lb calves.   Los 45 lbs on my way to 245lb
  3. @Cholita.1979 [3 likes]: I have a neighbor who’s been on mounjaro for a year and he looks tired and like a cancer patient.
  4. @brotherfromanother1971 [3 likes]: It's one this to be an intelligent 🧠 Doctor. It's another thing to be able to explain this in a simple way, any lay man can understand. Thank you, extremely good content, as always. 🙏🏿
  5. @suebrookes7136 [3 likes]: Can it help with your mental health Anxiety.
  6. @roselandpetals [2 likes]: I want to try these but my weight gain is not due to overeating. Its actually due to immobility and I'm an undereater. I find it difficult to exercise because my body is riddled with inflammation. I have a lot of aches and pains and its difficult to move. I can't even grip anything because my joints hurt, so strength training is painful. Am I even a good candidate for GLP-1s? Is it just a food suppressant? I don't need to get rail thin, I just need to lose 50 lbs to get back to a healthy weight.
  7. @mercyhumanity [1 likes]: All medication has side effects especially those who related with weight loss. The best thing is the lifestyle changes, I reverse my type 2 diabetes, fatty liver and high BP  8 years ago in 3 months, not on any medication , lost about 20 pounds in 4 months, maintaining same weight.
I am physician myself, I tell people simple rule , eat the food create by God , avoid manmade food , intermittent fasting, exercise, sunlight and proper sleep. Reason most people who don’t lose weight is because of insulin resistant, the best way to fixed it is intermittent fasting.
Sugar is responsible for all diseases and it is manmade , 300 years back there was no sugar , people used to eat fruits and honey
  8. @plpz123 [1 likes]: This is still one of the best videos about glp-1's out there. Give it a watch.
  9. @b0ober [1 likes]: it's a great drug for weight loss, but the issue right now is how some people are using it and how pharmas are marketing it. There are people that are already in healthy weight range, like 110lbs, and wants to take this to become under 100lbs.
  10. @hodabahmanof19 [1 likes]: God ! Come on Mounjaro is not GLP1 !!!?? 
It’s GIP/GLP1
  11. @kbkesq [1 likes]: One of the best clips on this channel yet. Thank you.
  12. @Justin-xs2yo [1 likes]: I have fat boy calves. 😂😂
  13. @hilawes [1 likes]: "Gila monster" is used to denigrate it, but does nothing to advance the conversation. Expect that more from Joe Rogan or other non-scientists. Or the issues with these compounds are independent of that fact.
  14. @RubiRajpoot-v1g: been on compounded semaglutide for about 6 months now through formblends and this video really helped me understand what's actually happening in my brain when i take my weekly shot. the appetite suppression is real but hearing the science behind it makes so much more sense than just "it makes you less hungry." started at 247, down to 209 now and that first month was brutal with nausea but knowing it's literally rewiring how my brain responds to food cravings makes the whole process feel less mysterious. thanks for breaking down the GLP-1 mechanism so clearly, most doctors just hand you the prescription without explaining any of this
  15. @TonyMontana-y4j: im a total newbie, could someone please explain to me at 5:39 how does GLP-1 increase a DPP4 inhibitor is used?
  16. @DMRCapitalHill: 1. Plan your meals
2. Track food
3. Have a legit training plan
4. Drink water

Super easy
  17. @DawnStyleArt: I don’t eat processed food except for special occasions, been Keto for years, carnivore, intermittent fasting. I hav tried so much. Sardines- I hate sardines. Have a bun leg (orthopaedic disaster). Movement at present and perhaps forever is restricted. So I try everything else to lose weight. Simply will not come off. The diets maintain my weight so I don’t gain more. 

I am stuck. Facing a GLP1. My new health care professional feels that in looking at the blood work, this is the best option for inflammation and weight loss. Am assured I could titrate off once I lose the weight. That I can maintain muscle if I lift weights. 

Is this true?
  18. @1953RCLR: People have severe depressions and there were  suicides specifically comited by men .
  19. @krystalkelley9324: It seems people who have overeating problems would not necessarily benefit. They're accustomed to eating past satiety.
  20. @AngelCantu-kx9rt: When you drink a beer you start to feel it right away because it is enters your blood stream….

- 8 Tips BEFORE STARTING GLP-1 Medications for Weight Loss // Dr. G Explains: Kind: captions Language: en hey you there you right there stop what you're doing do not even think of starting your glp1 medications like seatide or tritide without watching this first well maybe you can think about it but definitely take a look at this video and you can read the resources I've dropped in the description below and so you can get a deeper understanding of what's happening with these medications before you get started welcome once again my name is Dr G and I'm an internal medicine physician in Hollywood Florida I specialize in lifestyle modification coaching and patient education so if you've watched any of my videos any number of my videos so far you'll know a little bit about glp1 medications also known as glucagon like peptide 1 Agonist medications and these are some of the examples such as some magde which comes in two different flavors so zic and wovi lorag which comes in two different flavors as well Zenda and vosa and our one of the fan favorites is the tzioti which comes in Zep bound and monjaro there are others of course and you know there are increasingly becoming more and more recognized as potent tools for weight loss particularly for those who have struggled finding lasting success with diet and exercise alone originally developed for the management of type 2 diabetes as you know these medications have shown significant weight reduction benefits is revolutionizing the treatment landscape for obesity which is a much needed area area of medicine as patients consider starting glp1 Agonist it is essential to be informed and prepared for optimal results this guide that I've outlined especially For You outlines eight essential tips for patients before starting treatment and supported by scientific evidence so let's get right to it number one understanding the mechanism of glp1 agonists and how they work quick tip familiarize yourself with how these medications function in order to set realistic expectation the days of Simply ingesting medications without understanding how they work are long gone for your patients for all patients in in this day and age your doctor should be able to explain what I'm about to tell you or you're going to need to learn it on your own luckily for you this video counts as learning it on your own glp1 is an inrent hormone produced in the gut of the human being upon eating food and this plays multiple roles in regulating glucose metabolism and Sati which means being full feeling full by mimicking the action of gp1 The glp1 Agonist medications enhance insulin secretion they suppress glucagon release slow gastric emping and promote Sati this all helps patients to feel Fuller for a longer period period of time and in the end losing weight so the Dual effect on both glucose control and appetite suppression makes them ideal for managing weight loss especially especially in individuals with metabolic disorders so the clinical trials that they've gone through such as the step program which is seatide treatment effect in people with obesity this trial demonstrated that seatide resulted in an average weight loss get this of around 15 to 18 % over 68 weeks significantly greater than Lifestyle Changes alone the tpte trials also showed even more weight loss of about 20% in about the same time frame number two adopt a comprehensive approach some of my colleagues don't like it when I say this but I'm going to say it anyway in my mind the medication is just one tool in your weight loss journey and it's not necessarily needed for the rest of your life doesn't have to be chronic medication so the tip combine glp1 therapy with Lifestyle Changes like diet or I like to say nutrition and exercise for the best outcomes while glp1 agonists can reduce hunger and assist with your weight loss they are most effective when integrated into a broader lifestyle modification plan this includes a balanced nutrition regular physical activity and behavioral interventions to support long-term success medic medications alone can only go so far sustained weight loss requires changes in caloric intake and an increase in physical exertion a study by widen at all in 2019 in a journal called obesity reviews revealed that patients who combine glp1 therapy with a reduced calorie diet and increased physical activity achieved greater weight loss than those relying solely on medication additionally EST establishing healthy habits while on medication can Aid in maintaining weight loss after discontinuing the drug which is my plan from day one when I first sit down with my patients and formulate a plan for their lifestyle modifications and set realistic goals tip number three start low and go slow manage side effects effectively the tip begin with the lowest dose to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal side effects and all side effects from the glp1 agonists in general glp1 Agonist can cause nausea vomiting and diarrhea also can cause constipation but particularly at the start of treatment these gastrointestinal side effects are often the primary reasons patients discontinue therapy so to minimize these risks the dose is typically titrated gradually starting with a low dose and increasing over time in my office we continue to rarely need to stop glp1 Agonist due to unwanted side effects and the reason I feel this is happening here or not happening is because we go slowly with the medications and we check on our patients for progress on a weekly basis finally I do not believe every single patient needs to be on the highest dose currently of the 100 plus patients I've seen on these medications and treated and managed through them only two needed max dosing so what does the evidence say a metaanalysis published in diabetes obesity and Metabolism found that slow dose escalation significantly reduced the incidence of gastrointestinal side effects without compromising the medication's effectiveness means going low and slow is actually the way to go patients should work closely with their healthc care providers to adjust the dose based on their tolerance and therapeutic response meaning if we're getting to where we need to go with the lower doses we don't need to go higher all you're chasing at that point is unwanted side effects tip number four hydration and nutrient intake pay attention to fluid and electrolyte balance the tip stay well hydrated and monitor nutrient intake to avoid deficiencies glp1 Agonist by slowing gastric emptying and reducing the appetite can inadvertently lead to reduced food intake which may then cause nutrient deficiencies if not monitored closely additionally due to the common gastro intestinal side effects dehydration is a real risk especially in the first few weeks of the treatment therefore patients should focus on drinking plenty of fluids especially water and may benefit from electrolyte supplements if they experience prolonged vomiting or diarrhea they should also ensure they are consuming nutrient-dense foods rich in vitamins and minerals to support their overall health Consulting a dietitian can help in formulating a plan that maintains adequate nutrition while reducing caloric intake number five let's be real set realistic weight loss goals here's a tip aim for steady sustainable weight loss rather than quick results there is no doubt the science is clear glp1 agonists are highly effective but they are not a quick fix they are not a magic bullet weight loss with these medications typically occurs gradually over several months patients who set overly aggressive weight loss targets may become frustrated if they do not see immediate results a loss of about 5 to 10% of body weight is associated with significant improvements in metab metabolic Health including reductions in blood pressure cholesterol levels and insulin resistance what does that mean even though you may not feel like you look the way you want to look your labs and your longevity is already thanking you it's important for patients to set achievable goals and understand that the medication works best in the context of a longterm commitment to health not the medication to health clinician should emphasize doctors like me should definitely emphasize that slower more sustainable weight loss often leads to better long-term outcomes number six is often overlooked but not at my office monitor your mental health address psychological aspects of weight loss and weight gain the tip keep mental health in Focus especially as weight loss progresses the need for weight loss especially when it is sign ific can bring about psychological changes some patients may experience improved mood and self-esteem as they lose weight but Others May struggle with the emotional aspects of changing body image or face challenges related to weight stigma or past trauma related to eating which caused them to have a problem with their food relationship and therefore have them have issues with actually losing weight getting over those emotional problems moreover glp1 agonists have been reported to influence the reward Pathways in the brain which can potentially alter cravings and eating behaviors which is an added benefit of the GP wants for some patients this change May reduce emotional eating or cravings for highly palatable Foods While others may need additional support to navigate these psychological shifts in mindset patients should maintain open communication with their Healthcare team regarding their Mental Health your doctor should be considering referring you or whoever it is that's on a gp1 Agonist to counseling or support groups the support groups can be internal or they can be an external group or someone that you or group that you put together on your own this is particularly helpful for those with a history of Eating Disorders or body dysmorphia tip number seven may not be what you want but it may be what you need prepare for long-term use and maintenance the tip plan for ongoing therapy or consider maintenance strategies after continuation this is a common common discussion that I have with almost every patient that starts the medications in my office how we're going to land this plane and how we're going to maintain this plane at this weight glp1 agonists are typically most effective when used longterm we know this already evidence suggests that many patients who discontinue these medications May regain some of the weight they lost for example a followup to the step one trial found that patients who discontinu seatide regain 2third of their weight lost after one year wonder why that was I firmly believe these folks did not buy in fully into the lifestyle changes they could have bought into and could have formed while in the clinical trial think about it the motivation for people to join a trial may not necessarily be because they want to lose weight they may have joined the trial for other reasons and the medication being studied is just secondary to them right so your motivation needs to be your why you're trying to do this you need to find out what it is you need to get to the other side and keep that going so this highlights the importance of you gp1 Agonist not as a temporary solution but as part of a broader long-term weight management set strategy that at some point if discontinuation is necessary healthcare provider to implement other strategies to replace the medications such as continued dietary interventions increased physical activity and behavioral therapies to pre prevent weight gain so it's not just get on the medications and you're cured it is get on the medications help you we lose weight and replace your bad habits with new better habits tip number eight use safe and effective medications essential tip make sure if you are not getting branded medication from the original manufacturer that you are getting your medication from a trusted and a reliable source it is absolutely essential to make sure that the medication you are injecting is what you think it is whether that's tritide or stite or whatever other glp1 medication or any medication for that matter the only way to be sure is to use reputable compound phies if you're not getting it from the Branded manufacturer and how do you know if they're reputable look them up this is the best time to go ahead and Google ask your trusted doctor for recommendations as well stay away from deals that feel like they are way too good to be true because they probably are too good to be true I've done a video on compound pharmacies and how to verify them you can find the link to that video in the description below so if you gotten to the point that you want to start a glp1 agus medications first of all I want to congratulate you for taking that step into a better and healthier You by losing weight and changing your lifestyle it can be a highly effective strategy for weight loss but it's going to require careful preparation and a comprehensive approach by understanding the medications mechanism combining it with Lifestyle Changes managing your side effects staying hydrated setting realistic goals monitoring mental health planning for long-term use and getting your medications from reputable sources patients can maximize their chances of absolute success weight loss is a journey and glp1 Agonist can be a powerful Ally in that Journey when used correctly and with appropriate guidance I Know You Now understand to achieve and maintain any lifestyle modification goal you should highlight the need for a holistic approach to Weight Management that goes beyond pharmacotherapy gp1 agonists offer a promising path for patients struggling with obesity but as with any treatment success depends on consistent follow-through informed decisionmaking and collaboration between yourself and your healthcare provider so if you are starting or restarting or at the beginning of your weight loss journey and you need to calculate something as complicatedly simple as your total daily energy expenditure BMI and and all your Macros and get an idea of what your macronutrients should be I've designed a free calculator that you're free to use and and that makes that important task super simple check out the link in the description below to get started and once again thanks for watching and remember health is a journey not a destination take it one step at a time and stay in formed stay healthy and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @NotJustOnePerson [11 likes]: Just got my prescription. Will be picking it up this afternoon, and im pretty nervous about it. This video has helped a bit, and I plan to come back for reminders. Keep up the good work.
  2. @GoodDrG [8 likes]: Dr. G's Prescription Program 👉https://fcmaesthetics.com/zepbound-wegovy-prescription
  3. @KiLLJOY1056 [8 likes]: I just don't like the hate that they're getting. I understand, when you see these celebrities who are already skin and bone, making themselves disappear with Ozempic, that's not healthy. But for millions of people GLP1s are helping people live fit, healthy, and confident lives. And really take their lives back.
  4. @TheGiggleMaster928 [6 likes]: I’m so glad I made sure to research most of the information in this video before starting Wegovy. I walk/jog 4+ miles a day combined with high protein, fiber, and green meals with lots of hydration throughout the day, which lead to me losing almost 20 lbs a month and a half later (my goal is 40lbs, so I’m already halfway there!). 

I absolutely love how Dr.G mentioned how most people don’t need the max dose, as I’ve come to understand that for myself. I noticed I was most comfortable at 1.5 mg with noticeable results and that increasing my dosage to 4mg is actually causing me to be at an unhealthy calorie deficit everyday, which can lead to muscle loss 🙅‍♀️. I’m trying to work more muscle-building workouts in the meantime to correct this, but I’m planning to go back to 1.5mg next month.

My other goal is to keep up the mentally that there’s no need to rush things, because as Dr.G said, the most important part of this whole experience is to instill healthy habits that will stick long after I’m off the medication.
  5. @meganneal8053 [3 likes]: I love having my zepbound as a tool I don’t crave junk food I crave healthy foods like fruit and vegetables and cottage cheese mixed with fruit and yogurt with fruit and high protein and no processed foods I have gone up slowly I been on zep for almost 9 months and just went up after 4 months
  6. @MyLivingJournal [2 likes]: How common is Gastroparesis ?
  7. @Bithi-t3c [1 likes]: the thing this video gets right that most people skip over is that GLP-1s aren't one-size-fits-all. i switched from sema to tirz through formblends around month four and the difference in appetite suppression was pretty dramatic for me personally.
  8. @माया-ट1च [1 likes]: बहुत उपयोगी जानकारी है। अगर कोई GLP-1 दवा ले रहा हो तो सही डाइट और एक्सरसाइज के बारे में भी विस्तार से बताइए।
  9. @johnnahildebrand8762 [1 likes]: ❤😊
  10. @PatrickMalonee: one thing i wish someone had told me before i started, the first 4 weeks feel like nothing is working and that's actually normal. your body is adjusting before the appetite suppression really kicks in. i almost quit at week 3 thinking it wasn't doing anything. stuck with it through formblends and by week 6 the food noise was genuinely different. also the protein target is more important than people realize going in, it's what protects muscle while you're losing.
  11. @PeteQuad: Is post-drug satiety regulation worse than pre-drug satiety regulation at the same body weight?
  12. @LadyOrleans: Week 5 and only lost 1lbs! 😢I’m working out, hydrating, staying on top of protein intake and yet…nothing.
  13. @Curious_Skeptic: Diviticulitus for years.  Super nervous about glp 1 as I know it messes with GI. Seems like pharma is pushing docs to get this out to all patients 😂
  14. @sumaiaak68: One thing i'd genuinely encourage anyone watching this to think about before they start is what "essential things to know" actually means for THEIR specific situation, because a lot of the standard prep advice assumes you're going through a traditional prescriber and picking up brand-name at a pharmacy, and that's just not the reality for most people doing this in 2024.

the cost piece especially. if your doctor is prescribing Ozempic or Mounjaro off-label for weight loss, your insurance may not cover it, and $900-1200/month cash pay changes the math on everything including whether you can sustain it long enough for the lifestyle habits to actually stick. compounded tirzepatide from a legitimate 503B facility is a real option that a lot of physicians still don't mention, not because they're hiding it but because it's not the path they trained around.

I did a fair amount of reading before starting, ran my labs, talked through my situation through formblends, and the thing nobody tells you clearly enough upfront is that the first two months are really just titration. you're not at a therapeutic dose yet. the number on the scale during that window doesn't tell you much. i stalled completely around week six and almost second-guessed the whole thing, and then the dose adjustment happened and everything shifted.

the other thing worth knowing is that constipation tends to sneak up on people way more than nausea does. everyone prepares for nausea. almost nobody warns you about the GI slowdown on the other end, and it can get genuinely uncomfortable if you're not proactive about fiber and hydration from day one.

good video, hopefully it helps people go in with realistic expectations instead of the either/or framing you see everywhere
  15. @MacK91.99: Can you please do a video for GLP 1 for CRC/LARS? Is is safer than using Opium Tincture, Imodium, Cholestyramine...
  16. @denisewilliams-s7b: Dr.G will I lose weight where I inject the GLP-1 medication for example if injected in my thighs does it only target tht area or does it cover the whole body
  17. @JLamont45: I have just started taking a GLP one in conjunction with my GP and my gastroenterologist as I have a J pouch having lost my colon some time back. I read a small crossover study that showed improvement and quality of life for patients with a J pouch who took GLP ones.. I just started today and so I’m interested to see if it improves my quality of life which if you know anyone with a J pouch or you have a J pouch, you know how frustrating life can be. I’ll keep you posted.
  18. @TheRazor124: Very helpful info. Thanks for this. But just a heads up for anyone watching, watch this on 1.3x speed. He talks so slowly that 30% increase actually sounds normal. 😅
  19. @AlleineDragonfyre: The creator of this medicine says that we DO need to stay on it, and I am ok with that.
  20. @captaintofu4926: bump

- Pros & cons of GLP-1 weight loss drugs |  Dr. Ralph DeFronzo: Kind: captions Language: en do you have any concerns with long-term safety or anything other than simply the economics of the glp ones in this current generation again huge huge leap forward between liraglutide and semaglutide yeah and uh I've discussed briefly Elsewhere on the podcast what the road map looks like for how many of these drugs are in the pipeline yeah there seems to be no end in sight and we're going to look back at semaglutide and say God thing was pedestrian that's what's going to happen so what give us the bare case what should we be concerned with what should be at least looking out for yeah I would say overall at the present time uh I would consider these drugs to be quite safe the the major issue is you have to go slow because of the GI toxicity where is the controversy involved and it's something that I'm involved with myself uh when you lose 20 or 30% of your body weight you lose muscle mass okay uh now uh I just gave a talk on this to one of the pharmaceutical companies that are involved in this area I'm not going to name the name of the the pharmaceutical company uh but I started off uh by saying look here is now a study with real data this is a a a gastric bypass surgery study Ry bypass and the people lost I think it was 33% of their body weight and their lean body mass came down quite significantly one of the problems is people may measure lean body mass and that's not a real measure of muscle mass in fact it's can be a very bad measure you should measure muscle mass but let's assume that the lean body mass largely reflects it's reasonable assumption muscle mass so muscle mass came down okay so why is that so bad but how much did it come down because if your total body mass came down by 33% but 34 of that mass was fat and only one quarter of that was lean we would consider that acceptable and this is where the controversy is cuz no one has really measured muscle mass that's right we're doing it okay we we will have a definitive answer you're doing that with Mr MRI yeah okay so it's it's gold stand okay but now I said look in this study they they measured absolute strength you can do grip strength or leg strength and absolute strength went down a little bit okay maybe 25% were these patients exercising During the period of the weight loss no no no okay no no then they said let's Express strength as for weight loss yeah up by 50% per appendicular goes up by 50% and then they said how far can they walk they went from walking 200 yards two miles and then say one of the things is how many times can you get up out of a chair in a certain period perod of time it increased like three or four fold and and they they they measured your V2 Max how yeah of course which is heavily dependent on weight as well yeah it all got better but in absolute terms did V2 Max get better not necessarily yeah the total V2 not normalized per kilogram no everything got better okay so so I said so why you guys that's counterintuitive by the way normally when you lose weight yeah V2 Max in liters per minute does not improve because you have less metabolic tissue but but uh here for whatever the reasons are maybe all of the fat that's pushing on your lungs so you can't oxygenate the epicardial fat uh that not allowing your heart to contract the fat that's in the heart that's causing myocardial lipotoxicity which I believe is real these things are all changing in a positive way uh so again it's a balance of yeah so uh of course they don't like this because if the people and they had all kinds of psychological questionnaires wait why weren't they happy with these results well because uh they now the companies are all looking at developing drugs that will preserve the muscle mass or increase the muscle mass but basically what I'm saying is that look there's a huge it's lean body mass but we have to say it's reflecting muscle mass uh everything gets better the patient feels better they can walk better they feel stronger etc etc why are you so worried about muscle mass like I look all these gloomy faces because they're all developing myostatin Inhibitors or event and and so then the next slide comes up and says retort here's a good thing okay so now uh if you uh lose all of this body weight and you improve insulin sensitivity in muscle uh and you improve it in the heart uh and there are cardiovascular benefits and you correct the uh Improvement in all of the cardiovascular risk factors now even though uh you've lost musle Mass if you've improved insulin sensitivity there may be an enormous benefit of seeing the Improvement in the muscle insulin sensitivity even though you've lost muscle mass uh and they do have some concerns about these drugs these myat inhibites that actually may have some negative effects on the heart and my suggestion is actually you may find a big Improvement in myocardial function uh from uh these uh how where are myostatin Inhibitors in their development right now phase two yeah yeah and um of course I think we've talked about myostatin before on the podcast when you inhibit myostatin you increase the expression of striad muscle yeah of which cardiac is striad through the event in uh 2 a and 2B system uh um do you think that's a more promising pathway than the fallatin pathway where ftin yes I increasing increasing fallatin inhibits myostatin but this is a more direct way to go about it this a more direct way to do it so you can either have their their antibodies uh by guab uh to uh myostatin or you can interfere with the signaling uh receptor itself and we think that this can still be effective in a fully developed and mature adult I mean clearly this would be effective during development and we see that in the animal work is it how effective is it CU a lot of the animal work is sort of a character stuff it's Knockouts right they take mil Staten Knockouts and look like bodybuilders yeah but if you take a mature chicken or a mouse that's 2 years old and you give it a myostatin antibody how robust is the response even more so what about in a human exact we don't know the answer to that so what the phase two studies obviously the toxicity passed in F in Phase One yes yeah I I I'm not concerned there doesn't seem to be any adverse effect of these drugs or they wouldn't got through phase two and they actually some Philly what's the indication the indic sarcopenia I I don't know I'm uh you know the uh uh the FDA if you have a sarcopenic disease there are criteria that the FDA has established if you want to develop a drug that you have to meet certain criteria I'm not an expert in this so I I can't tell you exactly what these criteria are but they are pretty well established okay uh let's say I put you on a glp1 receptor Agonist and you lost 25% of your body weight and I put you on a my Statin inhibitor and that prevented the muscle loss didn't increase it but just prevented it so relatively but that would be ridiculous I mean if you took a 200b individual yeah who's 30% body fat yeah so they're they've they've got 60 lbs of adapost tissue on them y if you took 25% of their body weight off you take them down to 150 lb but you're telling me potentially we prevent any deterioration of lean mass y that means they're down to 10 lb of fat Mass on 150 lb frame so I'm making an assumption this pretty radic this is remarkable right so let's say that happened okay what would be the fda's criteria I'm going to give you approval for this drug I think the FDA would ask that you've also improved function in some way yes and the function would probably be H have to be determined through absolute strength not relative strength would be my guess so I I don't know the answer to this question CU that's because because the way I think about these drugs is less about that situation uh it's more in the it's more in the sarcopenic adult this is the lean particularly the older person that's right that's right this the elderly individual who's sarcopenic and who fall risk is enormous yes and their risk of fall and uh morbidity and mortality is very high yeah and in that individual I don't think the FDA will be satisfied with simply an increase in lean body mass unless it is accompanied by strength now I think that some of the tests that are used here are silly I think the six-minute walk test should be folded up discarded put in the waist basket and never discust again it is such a stupid test they do it all the time do just makes me want to scream we need much more rigorous tests than a six-minute walk test we need a test that is actually uh more of a submaximal test so if we're testing cardiorespiratory Fitness or some sort of peak aerobic fitness we have to do more than walking and if we're testing strength I much prefer grip strength leg extension bench press uh yeah again these can be done with machines they can be done very safely but we really need to test strength well see you're raising very important and critical issues because there are many many companies that are going ahead with these drugs that increased muscle mass but to me okay increasing muscle mass what does that mean there needs to be some functional translation of that and and by the way there could be other functional benefits that exceed strength for example glucose disposal could be a functional sensitivity that's the one I put at the top of the list for get rid of the insulin resistance that the FDA won't give them credit for that I don't think yeah but but I think that again it's harder to tease out because there's more moving pieces and they might argue there are easier ways to increase insulin sensitivity and glucose disposal but you know one way to think about this is to go back to what if you did it the oldfashioned way what if you got in the gym and lifted a bunch of Weights that's been done yeah and it increases insulin sensitivity and functional strength and so the question is can we replicate that pharmacologically uh and that is actually exactly the way I ended my discussion to these people I show them what resistance training did and if you could show what resistance training did uh with your muscle mass uh increase then you'd have something but you need to design the studies appropriately and as I said and as you said I I I don't know what the criteria are going to be that the FDA uses to judge these things they do have a sarcopenia set of criteria but that's a very different group of people that we're talking about but this comes uh and hits home to one of the things you asked me earlier what about the lean person who's 80 years of age is this the right drug for that person I don't know uh maybe not but now let's say you have a healthy 80y old person and everybody in the family lives to be 105 and they have diabetes Well they're at risk to you know uh the toxic effects of hypoglycemia uh would it be reasonable to treat uh that that person we know there powerful effects on the beta cell I would say it would be quite reasonable but I think you need to monitor what's happening to their weight and other features [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @inquisitive9248 [3 likes]: I know a couple of people at work who took these drugs. They lost a lot of weight. Both are over 50 and but they now look skinny but significantly older than their real age .
  2. @HoneyPottin [2 likes]: does he always interrupt and speak over his guests?? i cannot get through this video 🥴
  3. @tmack4544 [2 likes]: What are the issues with pancreatic cancer?
  4. @compoundhq1 [1 likes]: the part about muscle loss being the real hidden cost of GLP-1s hit me hard - my husband's been on tirzepatide and we've been so focused on the scale we forgot to protect his muscle, adding resistance training this week for sure
  5. @Icecold0505 [1 likes]: Retatrutide from a gray market peptide supplier has been amazing for me. Down 25lbs since August.
Started at 200lbs - Now 175lbs and at goal weight. Max dose was 3mgs per week. Now on 1-2mgs per week. It works.
  6. @Joseph_Christopher [1 likes]: The muscle loss concern illustrates why choosing the correct GLP peptide is critical. Single pathway peptides such as Semaglutide (Ozempic) work by quieting food, signaling and slowing the gastric process. It’s only mechanism for losing weight is inducing caloric deficit because, it simply makes you feel like crap when you eat. This will certainly cause you to lose weight, but as soon as you go off the medication, that weight likely will return. Dual and triple pathway GLP’s like  Tirzepatide and Retatrutide also work on this gastric pathway, but add the benefits of insulin sensitivity, modulation, which directly confronts the root cause of the weight gain in the first place, which is insulin resistance. In the case of Retatrutide, which adds a third glucagon pathway, once your body is using insulin correctly, your muscles then are free to use the glucose for muscle work, thereby reducing muscle wasting. The key to all of this is eating protein and fat dense foods, but in moderate amounts to encourage, continued caloric deficit or equilibrium, coupled with intense resistance training to not only arrest muscle loss, but promote muscle growth while on a GLP. I explained these concepts in detail on my YouTube channel.
  7. @markd4768 [1 likes]: Just do TRT with it.
  8. @ninaaheartytn: If you quit GLP-1 because of side effects, it might be worth looking into microdose before writing the whole thing off. The mechanism is the same, the experience is very different

I'm currently on glp1 microdose and it's going amazing
  9. @Bithi-j6d: really solid breakdown of the cardiovascular and glycemic benefits alongside the weight piece, most coverage just leads with the number on the scale. been on compounded sema through form blends for about 6 months and the A1C improvement honestly surprised me as much as the weight did
  10. @Mef637: With these drugs you will go blind, have fecal vomiting, and be skinny fat. I see.
  11. @Helicon-bithi: one thing i dont see discussed enough in the GLP-1 dosage conversation is how much individual response varies before you even get to maintenance. Dr. DeFronzo's point about insulin secretion differences between patients is exactly why "start at 0.25 and go to 1mg on schedule" doesn't work the same for everyone. i titrated up through Form Blends and my provider actually slowed my increase around the 0.5mg mark because i was still getting solid results there, no need to chase the higher dose. ended up staying at 0.5mg for about 3 months before moving up. the maintenance dose question is huge too because most content focuses on the loss phase and then just drops off. staying on a lower maintenance dose long-term is legitimately different from staying on max dose, both in cost and how your body handles it. would love to hear Dr. DeFronzo's take on whether there's a minimum effective maintenance dose for most patients or if that's just too individual to generalize
  12. @sumaiaak68: The insulin sensitivity data here is what changed my mind. started compounded tirz through Form Blends specifically for metabolic reasons, not weight, and that framing matters.
  13. @Rose-h5p9x: The "go slow" point Dr. DeFronzo makes around 0:46 is probably the most practical thing in this whole clip and I feel like it gets buried under the bigger debates about long-term safety and economics.

I spent the first two weeks on my starting dose feeling genuinely terrible -- not dangerous, just miserable -- and my instinct was to push through and escalate faster because I wanted results. The nausea and fatigue I had during that window were almost entirely self-inflicted by not respecting the titration timeline. Once I actually slowed down and stayed at a lower dose longer than felt "necessary," the GI side effects dropped off dramatically and the therapeutic effect was still there.

What I'd add to what he says here: the GI toxicity issue isn't just about discomfort. People who rush titration and feel awful are way more likely to quit in that first month, which is exactly the window before most of the real metabolic benefit kicks in. So the economics argument and the safety argument kind of converge there -- the people who benefit most are the ones who stay on it long enough at a dose their body can actually handle.

I've been on compounded sema through formblends since last fall and my provider was very specific about not moving up until I had two full weeks at each dose with zero significant symptoms. Annoying at the time. In hindsight the right call.

The long-term safety picture is genuinely the open question still and I don't think anyone who tells you otherwise is being fully honest about the state of the data.
  14. @MaryRose-j9k5e: the muscle preservation angle DeFronzo raises is the part of this conversation that i think gets buried whenever GLP-1 drugs get covered in mainstream media. everyone focuses on total weight lost and nobody talks about what the weight is composed of. losing 40 lbs sounds great until you find out a significant portion was lean mass, and then you're looking at a slower metabolism, worse insulin sensitivity long term, and a harder maintenance phase than you expected.

the dual mechanism of tirzepatide is actually relevant here in a way that doesn't get explained well. because GIP receptor activity appears to have independent effects on adipose tissue metabolism, the body composition outcomes between semaglutide and tirzepatide aren't just a dose question, they're mechanistically different. i switched from sema to tirzepatide through formblends about seven months in and the body composition shift in the following months was noticeable even when the scale was moving at a similar pace.

the resistance training point DeFronzo makes is something i wish i had taken seriously from day one. the medication reduces appetite, but your muscle tissue doesn't know you're in a caloric deficit on purpose. it still needs a stimulus to be preserved. people treating this as a passive intervention and skipping the gym are probably getting a worse risk-benefit ratio than the trial data shows, because the trials weren't done on sedentary patients eating 900 calories a day.

really glad this kind of conversation is happening at the clinical level and not just in wellness spaces.
  15. @RubiRajpoot-v1g: really appreciate dr defronzo breaking down the science here. been on compounded semaglutide through formblends for about 6 months now and his point about muscle preservation is so important - something i wish more docs talked about upfront. started at 247, down to 209 now and definitely noticed i had to be way more intentional about protein and resistance training than i expected. the first month was brutal with nausea like he mentions but it really does level out. the economic point he makes is huge too, i'm paying a fraction of what ozempic costs and getting the same active ingredient. wish my pcp had been more open to discussing this instead of making me jump through insurance hoops for months
  16. @TheVelvetTallow: There doesn’t need to be a new drug to preserve muscle mass-you need to change dosing. Too much drug
  17. @TheVelvetTallow: If you go on the message boards, these drugs are given at such a high dose many patients are reporting eating well under 1000 cals per day. The dose is too high & they’re starving themselves. Doses need to be reduced for better balance
  18. @tamahaggard8548: This was icy people discussing money. This was not about the patient. A pill’s absorption rate is minuscule. An injection is all. $149 month is not affordable. And these drug companies are not making these drugs in the USA. All of it is coming out of china and India. If they were worried about a patient, we would be rethinking the whole price point and make it comparable to compounding pharmacies. Legit compounding pharmacies are under far stricter protocols than our pharmaceutical companies are.
  19. @Princessofeverythingx3: I had my gastric sleeve done in 2009, and after having my baby boy, I had a revision to gastric bypass in 2022. I’ve known about my bariatric surgery for years my mom had hers back in 2004. Insurance covered both surgeries, and everything went smoothly. I know everything about my bariatric surgery for many years ago ❤ I tried tirzepatide before too
  20. @drkathyshawdc: So interesting.  So many patients just seem to turn into human "jelly fish" after losing significant amounts of weight on GLP-1s.

- GLP-1s for Weight Loss: How They Work and Side Effects (July 2025): Kind: captions Language: en For years, Jeff has tried all kinds of things to manage his weight. But with a busy life, it's tough. Now, his latest checkup brought a wakeup call. Jeff's BMI has creeped into the obesity range, and his blood pressure is up. After talking to his care team, Jeff has a plan. He's making lifestyle changes and starting a GLP-1 medication to help him lose weight. He begins at a low dose, injecting himself once a week. It's easier than he thought. Each 4 weeks, he moves to a slightly higher dose until he starts to see and feel some changes. What's happening in his body? Let's learn how a GLP1 works. Its full name is glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist. Glucagon-l like peptide 1 or GLP-1 is a hormone released in the intestines or bowels after a meal. GLP-1 travels to receptors all over the body. Receptors are like antennas on our cells. They get the signal from GLP1 and tell the cell to take action. First, let's look at what happens when GLP1 arrives at the pancreas. Here it tells the pancreas to release insulin. Insulin is a hormone that takes glucose or sugar from our blood and gets it into cells so they can use it for energy. GLP1 helps the pancreas release the right amount of insulin to keep blood sugar levels normal. Next, the stomach. Here, GLP-1 slows the speed at which the stomach empties. This slowing helps reduce high blood sugar spikes that can come as food gets digested. And finally, the brain. When GLP1 travels here, it tells a person that they feel satisfied, so they don't want to eat more. So, we know glucagon like peptide 1 is a hormone our body makes. And we know receptors are like antennas that receive signals for cells. So, what's an agonist? a mimic or copycat. Putting it all together, we can see that GLP-1 receptor agonists are medicines that mimic or copy our body's natural GLP-1 hormone. The medicine helps Jeff lose weight because he's feeling less hungry and eating less. It also helps to shrink fat cells. Daily exercise is also helping him burn calories. Like a lot of people, Jeff had a few side effects when he started the medicine and went to the higher dose. Common side effects include nausea, vomiting, constipation, diarrhea, and gastric reflux, which is sometimes called heartburn. Most of these symptoms go away over weeks to months. Eating small but nutritious meals helps Jeff reduce side effects. Rarely people have pancreatitis, a painful inflammation of the pancreas that is serious and needs treatment right away. Making all these changes took effort, but it was not as hard as Jeff thought it would be. He knows that he has to keep up with healthy choices. He is staying positive and ready for it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sanmansp: Then Jeff became blind
  2. @Agen-o9u: brand-name pricing kept me off this medication for over a year. compounded sema through formblends finally made it actually accessible. wish i had found it sooner.

- Diabetes:  The Physiological Role Of GLP1: Kind: captions Language: en blood glucose levels rise within minutes of eating and tend to Peak within one to two hours to maintain controlled blood glucose levels pancreatic beta cells release insulin binding of insulin to its receptor promotes the translocation of glut4 glucose Transporters to the cell surface and increases the cellular uptake and storage of glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes dysfunction of pancreatic eyelid beta cells and resistance to insulin lead to elevated blood glucose levels a closer look at insulin secretion during meals called the incratin effect involves the release of two important encryptin hormones from the gastrointestinal tract Gip and glucagon-like peptide 1 also known as glp-1 however in patients with type 2 diabetes the incratin effect is significantly reduced or completely absent glp-1 binds to pancreatic beta cells and promotes insulin secretion in a glucose dependent manner [Music] as glp-1 is only able to stimulate insulin release when blood glucose concentrations are above fasting levels the actions of glp-1 are self-terminating and unlikely to induce hypoglycemia glp-1 also inhibits glucagon release thereby inhibiting the breakdown of glycogen into glucose additional benefits of glp-1 include delaying gastric emptying increasing satiety promoting beta cell proliferation and reducing beta cell apoptosis thereby preserving and enhancing functional beta cell Mass the effects of glp-1 on beta cells May improve glucose homeostasis over time particularly in patients with type 2 diabetes who a diagnosis have about 50 reduction in beta cell Mass

- Understanding the Next-Gen Weight Loss Drug: Retatrutide (GLP-1, GIP, and Glucagon Receptor Agonist): Kind: captions Language: en [music] So reatride is a third generation uh GLP-1 agonist. So initially what we first had the first generation which is uh semiglutide [music] which is purely GLP-1 agonist. So it acts in one receptor. The second generation which is tzapatite [music] acted in two receptors. So GLP1 and GIP. The third generation which is the reatrite acts in GLP1, [music] GIP and glucagon receptors. So it acts it acts in three receptors which potentiates the effect of the weight loss by working in three different [music] agonistic receptors. I mean it just acts in different pathways, right? So it just potentiates the effect. [music] So if it acts in just one receptor then it's usually either like um appetite suppressant or an early satiety but with a uh second and third receptors such as GIP and glucagon receptors it acts more in a metabolic way uh that increases the breakdown [music] of stored fat and proteins as well. So not only does it kind of works in a appetite or early satiety you know effect but also it increases metabolism. Retatrutide is still in phase 3 clinical trial. So currently it's not FDA approved. However in the clinical phase 2 trial there is no question that it had much more of a potent effect in weight loss compared to semaglutide and tzapatite. So 48w week weight loss on a consistent basis was 25% or above and that really is more like a beriatric surgery type of weight loss. The dosage of the medication really depends upon the goal of the patient and the kind of the the length of time that we really want to treat the patient depending on how ambitious we are with that set goal. Um we want to increase however everything in a very progressive and deliberate manner which minimizes the effect of the u of any type of side effect and that's why it's really important to follow up with a physicianled [music] clinic. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bithi-j6d: Retatrutide is genuinely exciting but i'm curious how it'll compare for people who've already plateaued on tirzepatide. the triple agonist mechanism hitting glucagon receptors on top of GLP-1 and GIP could matter a lot for that last 10-15% of weight that's hardest to shift. been on compounded tirz through FormBlends for about 7 months and the results have been solid, but hearing that retatrutide showed nearly 25% body weight reduction in trials makes me pay attention. the question nobody seems to answer yet is what the side effect curve looks like at those higher efficacy doses long term.
  2. @Bithi-t3c: The dual agonist framing here is really well explained and i think the GIP piece is what most people completely miss when they're trying to understand why tirzepatide tends to outperform older GLP-1 medications on weight loss outcomes

what clicked for me watching this: GLP-1 agonism handles the satiety signaling and the gastric emptying slowdown, which is real and significant. but the GIP receptor activation seems to work on a parallel track involving adipose tissue metabolism and insulin sensitivity, and those two mechanisms together appear to compound on each other in a way that neither does alone. it also helps explain why the clinical trial numbers for tirzepatide (the SURMOUNT data especially) look so different from the semaglutide trials. you're not just getting more of the same thing, you're getting a genuinely different mechanism layered on top

i've been on compounded tirzepatide through formblends for several months now and the appetite change genuinely felt different than what friends on semaglutide described. less of a "food sounds bad" feeling and more of a "i'm just actually not thinking about food right now" feeling, which is harder to explain but feels more sustainable day to day

if anyone watching is confused about what a GLP-1 agonist actually means at a basic level: glucagon-like peptide-1 is a hormone your gut releases naturally after eating. these medications mimic and extend that signal. tirzepatide mimics two of those signals simultaneously which is the core of why it works the way it does. this video explains the pharmacology better than most i've seen